 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 The whole Westeros thing is a bit hazy after an 18-month hiatus , isn ’ t it ?
 But with T-minus eight week and counting until April 14 , when the most obsessively tracked TV show in history return for it final run , it is time to start getting back into a “ Game of Thrones ” mind-set .
 This newsletter is here to help . What do you need ? An epic binge of Seasons 1-7 ? A compact refresher of character , event and theme ? How about both ? We ’ ve worked up a Citadel-worthy crash course on how we got here and what ’ s at stake , now that the end is nigh . We ’ ll take you through a different season each Monday between now and April 14 , with in-depth follow-up every Friday . This week is all about Season 1 .
 Newcomers beware : This newsletter is dark and full of spoiler . And now our watch begin .
 If you want to catch up fast , there ’ s no need to binge the whole first season to refresh your memory . Concentrate on the installment that are central to the famously complicated plot and provide all the feel . Here are four must-watch episode .
 Episode 1 , “ Winter Is Coming ” : Because it ’ s the last time you ’ ll see all the Starks a one big ( mostly ) happy family . Try not to choke up when you spot Hodor , or when Rickon run up to Jon to hand him arrow . Also : baby direwolves .
 Episode 3 , “ Lord Snow ” : For a reminder of how Jaime Lannister ha been trying to tell everyone about that business with the Mad King ALL ALONG . Extra fun : Tyrion go to the top of the Wall and cross something off his bucket list .
 Episode 7 , “ You Win or You Die ” : Delves into the touchy question of succession and set into play the War of the Five Kings . Also : Dany go wine tasting .
 Episode 9 , “ Baelor ” : For the excellent opportunity it offer to scream at the screen . Bonus : Tyrion bond with Bronn and Shae during a drinking game .
 [ Ahead of the final season of “ Game of Thrones , ” relive it all with our ultimate watching guide , including episode recap and deep plot dive . ]
 The most striking part of going back through “ Game of Thrones ” from the beginning is all the foreshadowing : So many thing that might have felt unremarkable the first time around have since taken on new importance . ( Especially from Episode 1 . Pay close attention to Episode 1 ! )
 But if you were ever confused by all the court intrigue or the murder plot , focusing on a few character and situation might help . ( Otherwise , just enjoy all the baby direwolves and dragon — they ’ re so cute when they ’ re little ! )
 R + L = J
 It wa right there the whole time : Bran ’ s recounting of his family history in the Winterfell crypt ; the origin of Robert ’ s Rebellion , which started because Rhaegar Targaryen ran off with Lyanna Stark ; Cersei ’ s bitterness at her husband ’ s continuing love for the long-gone Lyanna ; and Robert ’ s insistence on killing all the remaining Targaryens .
 [ Here ’ s what we know about the final season . ]
 And there were so many clue even if you focused only on the doomed Ned Stark . There wa his refusal to aid Robert in his murderous quest ; his purposeful reference to Jon a “ my blood , ” not “ my son ” ; and his pained expression whenever the subject of Jon ’ s mother came up .
 Ned wa a man of honor who lied only to protect his family . He knew that his friend Robert would hunt down and kill even child because of their bloodline . Amid the show ’ s other sly exposition dump — hiding history lesson in the sex scene or in what might seem like idle chatter — these half-hidden nugget are particularly revealing . The show wa practically screaming the story of Jon Snow ’ s not-so-illegitimate heritage : Rhaegar + Lyanna = Jon .
 Promises , Promises
 In Westeros , a anywhere else , it pay to get thing in writing . And be sure to read the fine print ( and keep it away from any paper-shredding queen ) . So many character have a hard time understanding the provision of the promise they make and that mistreating the other party might come back to haunt them .
 Viserys sell his sister Daenerys to Khal Drogo , assuming he ’ ll get the use of the Dothraki army on his timetable . Wrong . The Starks promise betrothal to the Freys in exchange for a crossing , but then underestimate how touchy Walder Frey will be when they fail to honor the term of the agreement . Bad idea . Even Joffrey ’ s decision to execute Ned Stark , after he “ confessed ” to treason , violates a plea agreement and lead to war . Jaime Lannister is reviled a the Kingslayer not because he killed a king , but because he killed a king he wa sworn to protect . Time and again , “ Game of Thrones ” show u that oath-breaking ha very serious consequence .
 Littlefinger Lies
 Question everything that come out of the mouth of Lord Petyr Baelish . He even tell Ned Stark : “ Distrusting me wa the wisest thing you ’ ve done since you climbed off your horse . ”
 Most of the event in Season 1 that lead to war — beginning with the murder of Jon Arryn , the Hand of the King , which wa used to stoke Stark-Lannister tension — stemmed from his scheme . Even when it seems he ’ s being helpful ( identifying the dagger used in the attempt on Bran ’ s life , directing Ned Stark to question Ser Hugh of the Vale or to find Robert ’ s bastard ) , he ’ s actually playing a game of sly misdirection . ( He ’ s not about to help Ned solve the mystery of a murder he helped commit , right ? )
 Maybe the only time we should believe Littlefinger is when he confesses to Ros that his plan is to “ [ expletive ] them ” all . She should have believed him , too . This won ’ t be the last we ’ ll see of that fateful dagger …
 Variable Varys
 Such a slippery Spider . While Littlefinger is slightly more overt with his manipulation , Varys prefers to keep people in the dark . His eventual enthusiastic support for Team Dany is a little surprising considering he tried to assassinate the pregnant Khaleesi in Season 1 . ( Remember that ? She certainly doe . ) For all the spymaster ’ s insistence to Ned that he serf the realm and want peace , Varys wa actually scheming with Illyrio Mopatis to give Westeros a Targaryen restoration via Dothraki invasion . Mopatis , you ’ ll recall , is his Pentos buddy , the man who brokered Daenery ’ s marriage to Khal Drogo . Arya overheard the two of them plotting .
 But they really wanted Viserys on the Iron Throne , not Dany — she wa expendable . Jorah Mormont wa able to thwart the assassination attempt only because he had been spying on Dany for Varys in the hope of earning a royal pardon . Watch when Jorah get the news of Dany ’ s pregnancy , how he slip away from the Dothraki caravan , only to rejoin it later . Listen to what Varys say and doesn ’ t say . The Master of Whisperers always know much more than he reveals .
 Lancel Lannister
 It ’ s easy to overlook this future member of the Faith Militant a a youth . He is quiet , fumbling , and he often get thing wrong . And King Robert bully him unmercifully .
 But there ’ s more to this squire than initially meet the eye . Beneath his unremarkable exterior is someone eager to get in bed with his Lannister cousin — sometimes literally . We might not have thought much of Cersei ’ s seduction of Lancel in Season 1 , but it ’ s clear now the two plotted together to speed along the king ’ s demise . Cersei is good at deflecting the blame ( see her dismissal of Ser Barristan ) , but it wa Lancel ’ s purposeful escalation of Robert ’ s inebriation that put him in harm ’ s way . More wine ?
 Are you O.K . with your kid seeing casual nudity ? Great , then you won ’ t have to worry about many of the brothel scene . But you might want to steer clear of one in particular .
 As for violence , are there any line you ’ ve drawn ? Are animal death O.K. ? ( Some people get genuinely upset when direwolves die , or when the Mountain or Mirri Maz Duur kill horse ) . How do you feel about seeing a character lose his head or tongue ? These are issue that arise .
 When my friend ’ s 13-year-old daughter begged to watch my “ Thrones ” DVDs , I pressed pause whenever an especially wild scene wa about to start , gave a quick summary of what wa about to happen and then jumped ahead to more kid-friendly material . I ’ m not saying it ’ s easy , but if you ’ re prepared , it is possible to get the show closer to PG-13 .
 Here are the top three thing you might want to skip for kid in Season 1 :
 The Dothraki Wedding , Episode 1
 “ A Dothraki wedding without at least three death is considered a dull affair , ” Illyrio Mopatis announces . Consider that your parental warning . It come up about 50 minute into the episode and the violence last just over seven minute if you include Dany and Drogo ’ s consummation rape .
 Ros ’ s Audition for Littlefinger , Episode 7
 When Ros come to King ’ s Landing , Littlefinger make her role-play a few sexual scenario with another prostitute while he delivers a monologue about his love for Catelyn Stark . This may be useful sexposition for the grown-ups in the room , but you might want to spare the kid with a light summary . ( This scene arrives about 12 minute into the episode and last about four minute , although it feel longer . )
 The Beheading of Ned Stark , Episodes 9 and 10
 Not even Yoren would let Arya watch this one . ( If you want to follow his lead , the scene to avoid come up about 56 minute into Episode 9 . If you want to be super cautious , the scene continues into the first few minute of Episode 10 . )
 Read The Times ’ s infamous “ Thrones ” pan
 A guide for newbie
 The birth of the phrase “ sexposition ” to describe the show ’ s trademark information dump during sex scene
 George R.R . Martin , interviewed before the show ’ s debut
 And The Atlantic critiqued Season 1 with series of five take ...
 Alyssa Rosenberg saw Season 1 revealing the ugly edge of fantasy .
 Adam Serwer explores the realist heart of the “ Game of Thrones ” fantasy .
 Nick Baumann wonder whether brutality and moral ambiguity will appeal to non-fantasy fan .
 Amber Taylor on embracing the escapism .
 Eleanor Barkhorn on getting past her initial dismissal of the series .
 We want to hear from you ! Let u know where you were when you first watched Season 1 . What did you think at the time ? What wa your favorite scene ? What confused you the most ? Email u at gameofthrones @ nytimes.com.Check your inbox on Friday for a deeper dive into Season 1 .
 [ Sign up for our “ Game of Thrones ” newsletter for a rewatch guide for the first seven season . ]


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 I wish we had some wine for you — it ’ s a bit early in the day for u . Welcome back to our epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch in later season .
 Save for one bastard boy , House Baratheon is no more — the inevitable result of all that kinslaying ! Message to House Lannister and House Tyrell : That cold war cost you both dearly in public image and hair-care . House Targaryen , riding a dragon is a bos move , but you ’ ve also been surrounded . House Bolton , you still have the North , but you just lost your key hostage .
 So the winner of this round is … Littlefinger , yet again . Who care if he lost a brothel ? He ’ s winning the war . The man ha forged the most alliance and he ha the most kingdom in his pocket , even if he is double-crossing them all . Runner-up : The High Sparrow , who get to savor the sight of royalty kneeling before him .
 When she ’ s trying to get on the High Sparrow ’ s good side , Cersei tell him that the faith and the crown are the two pillar that hold up this world . But are they , really ?
 Until Cersei stupidly reinstated the Faith Militant , how much authority did religious figure really have in Westeros ? Certainly the Faith of the Seven wa the dominant religion — the High Septon wa the officiant at coronation , royal wedding and other ceremony , and noble household had septas help raise their daughter . ( R.I.P. , Septa Mordane . ) But until recent year , the Faith didn ’ t really flex it muscle . It ignored Targaryen incest ; it did nothing about an execution committed at the Sept of Baelor ; it seems to be absent from trial by combat , purportedly held to “ let the god decide. ” And so in the King ’ s Landing riot in Season 2 , who do the people choose to rip apart from limb to limb ? The High Septon himself . The people — or the god — have spoken .
 The High Septon and the High Sparrow only have a much authority a the crown allows . The same is true with another religious figure : Melisandre can only continue burning people alive in the name of the Lord of Light a long a Stannis allows it . She need his permission , a we see when she must ask him if she can burn Shireen Baratheon . Stannis hesitates at first , but this is no great leap for him — he ha previously allowed the red priestess to burn “ infidel , ” political prisoner and his own in-law . And a we start to realize in Season 5 , she isn ’ t even preaching the gospel of the Red Temple . Another vampy red priestess in Volantis herald Dany — not Stannis — a the Chosen One . Mel doesn ’ t even have the support of the rest of Team R ’ hllor . The Red Temple might have more of a foothold in Essos , but in Westeros , it power is , shall we say , limited .
 In term of actual power , the death cult at the House of Black and White in Braavos might reign supreme : They are not dependent on any one monarch , nor any one leader to represent them . The Many-Faced God ha many wealthy patron , most of whom prefer to remain anonymous . Should any of them wish to topple a government , let ’ s say , they can ask the Faceless Men to kill someone and no one will be the wiser . The Iron Bank of Braavos would certainly be well-positioned to use this service if any ruler defaulted on a loan . Or they could just throw their support to the ruler ’ s enemy , a they do with Stannis while still backing the Lannisters . At least the House of Black and White doesn ’ t try to impose it will on the mass . ( Only a few target . )
 The Faith of the Seven didn ’ t really attempt to impose it will until the High Sparrow came along . Perhaps the High Septon wa corrupt , or perhaps he wa only human and tolerant of other human frailty . But the High Sparrow ’ s version of the religion is inhumanly harsh , particularly to gay people and woman . As much a the High Sparrow claim he ’ s interested in treating all sinner alike — “ son of high lord , son of fisherman ” — he ’ s really only targeting noble . He is le interested in crime than comeuppance . He want to bring down the monarchy , to humiliate them , to strip them of power .
 For now , it ’ s all blowing up in Cersei ’ s face . She won ’ t be the only one .
 The first name on Arya ’ s kill list wa Ser Meryn Trant , because he killed her sword-fighting instructor . He also beat up Sansa and probably countless other little girl , so Arya ’ s revenge felt like justice . We talked to the actor Ian Beattie about filming one of the most prolonged death scene in Season 5 . ( Adapted from an earlier interview with Beattie . )
 How did you find out about your character ’ s death ?
 Dan Weiss and David Benioff let it slip . David had actually let it slip to me in Season 2 that Arya wa going to kill me . When I walked on set in Season 2 , he said , “ You might have heard that you ’ re going to die this season . Well , you ’ re not . You are going to die [ later ] , and Arya ’ s going to kill you. ” I wa absolutely delighted not to die in Season 2 . [ Laughs ] I know my character is still alive at the end of the fifth book , though . And then , at the start of Season 5 , I got the conference call where they basically said , “ Valar Morghulis. ” They said at this point , we ’ re going to see a really nasty side of Ser Meryn Trant . And they said , “ You ’ re going to have a pretty spectacular death . ”
 What are your favorite memory from your last day on set ?
 We started at about seven or eight in the morning , to put the prosthetics on my eye , and so I wa going around the whole day blind , until about nine or ten at night . And there wa a lot of blood . When we were about to do the very last take , I heard David Nutter talking to the special effect guy who were going to be pumping the blood . One of them asked , “ David , how much blood do you want here ? ” And David said , “ Red Wedding. ” That ’ s something that will stay with me for an awfully long time . I ’ m not sure , but I think it wa the most expensive single death ever filmed , at least through Season 6 .
 Why wa that ?
 Because they couldn ’ t actually poke my eye out . [ Laughs ] The knife Maisie Williams used wa bladeless . The blade wa added in postproduction . And there were so many stab wound ! Five or six to the chest , one to the back , one to the side . So it just took a very long time to film . It wa technically challenging , emotional and very , very sticky ! And I couldn ’ t see .
 Did you read any of the fan reaction ?
 I saw one video where it wa shown in America . There were 20 to 30 people in the room watching , and they were going , “ Ooo , aah ! ” As soon a I died , there wa a massive cheer , and that wa the biggest compliment . That meant that I had done my job . And I met one fan who got a tattoo of Ser Meryn on his arm ! [ Laughs ]
 Who had your favorite death on the show , and why ?
 The one that broke my heart wa Hodor . That wa absolutely genius . The writing of that , the whole buildup over six year , to finally reveal it in that way ? Absolute pure genius . Even when I watch it now , I cry . It wa just heartbreaking . And the Red Viper , because I did not see that coming . Don ’ t talk ! Just kill him ! [ Laughs ]
 What did you think about any of Arya ’ s other kill ? Since you were the first on her kill list …
 Quite a compliment , that . I suppose with the others , the death were reasonably swift and almost in the heat of battle . With me , she had time to take her vengeance . I think she ’ s better able to control and channel her anger since murdering me , but I don ’ t think she ’ s gotten rid of it , by any stretch of the imagination . She ’ s a very , very worthy adversary . I just can ’ t wait to see what happens to the rest of her story .
 In a rarity for “ Game of Thrones , ” Maester Aemon managed to live long enough to die of old age , instead of violence . Sadly , the actor who played him , Peter Vaughan , died a well in 2016 . But plenty of the other actor who portrayed long-gone character are still around to entertain u . Here ’ s a cast catch-up :
 Ciarán Hinds ( Mance Rayder ) continued to lead his force to safety from a supernatural predator in a difficult wintry crossing , trading the Wall for the Northwest Passage in the excellent AMC series “ The Terror . ”
 Ian McElhinney ( Barristan Selmy ) continues to provide a grandfatherly presence in “ Krypton ” and “ The Derry Girls . ”
 Joel Fry ( Hizdahr zo Loraq ) is doing a lot more comedy since he left Slaver ’ s Bay . He wa the lead ’ s best friend in NBC ’ s British export “ You , Me and the Apocalypse ” and his next film is Danny Boyle ’ s musical comedy “ Yesterday , ” in which he play a music industry figure .
 Charlotte Hope ( Myranda ) went from lowborn to highborn . She ’ s Catherine of Aragon in the upcoming Starz mini-series “ The Spanish Princess . ”
 Birgitte Hjort Sørensen ( Karsi ) got to live again on HBO ’ s short-lived series “ Vinyl ” a Ingrid , a member of Andy Warhol ’ s entourage .
 • Our recap of Season 5 . [ The New York Times . ]
 • Our review of Season 5 . [ The New York Times . ]
 • More rape controversy . [ The New York Times ]
 • And more : A critique of rape scene . [ Wired ] What “ Game of Thrones ” need to learn about rape . [ Salon ] “ Game of Thrones ” ha always been about rape . [ Washington Post ] Debunking bad rape argument . [ Raw Story ]
 • Beginning the endgame . [ Vulture ]
 • Why we need “ Game of Thrones. ” [ Salon ]
 • Take me out to the “ Game of Thrones ” ballgame . [ The New Yorker , Vulture ]
 • Dear White Walkers … [ The New Yorker ]
 • Poor Barristan Selmy . [ The Telegraph ]
 • Cersei ’ s body double speaks . [ Entertainment Weekly ]
 • Eunuch sex advice . [ Vulture ]
 If you were disappointed with Sansa ’ s story arc with the Boltons , what happens in the book is far , far worse . It just happens to someone else .
 The Boltons still want a marriage alliance with the Starks to solidify their hold on the North . But instead of giving them Sansa , Littlefinger give them “ Arya ” — Sansa ’ s BFF Jeyne Poole , who is forced to masquerade a Arya . In the wake of Ned ’ s arrest , Littlefinger take Jeyne to one of his brothel , where he ha her whipped into submission and forced to train a a sex worker . After the Red Wedding , he compels her to become Arya , to help the Boltons marry a Stark .
 The Boltons are in on this charade , a are the Lannisters , so a Stark-Bolton marriage wouldn ’ t be a shock to Cersei a it is in the show . Jaime even informs Brienne , so she won ’ t risk her life trying to rescue the wrong girl . The Boltons help cloak the deception by having Theon give the girl away during the wedding ceremony , the logic being that if the Starks ’ ward is seen to accept the girl ’ s identity , no one would question her legitimacy . A dead giveaway , however , is the color of Jeyne and Arya ’ s eye : Jeyne ’ s are brown , Arya ’ s gray . Jeyne is also slightly older — Arya is only 11 year old at this point .
 The wedding is meant to provoke Stannis into a fight . ( “ His clansman will not abandon the daughter of their precious Ned to such a you , ” Roose tell Ramsay . “ Stannis must march or lose them. ” ) And indeed , when Stannis get word of the impending marriage , he take the bait . Saving “ Arya ” is a highly divisive mission among Stannis ’ captain , and it ’ s not the only rescue attempt underway — Melisandre ( who remains at the Wall , instead of joining Stannis ) team up with Jon Snow to send Mance Rayder ( who wasn ’ t burned at the stake , but wa saved by body-swapping glamour magic ) and six wildling woman to infiltrate Winterfell .
 Roose Bolton summons all of the northern lord to the wedding . Many attend , some grudgingly or with plan to undermine the Boltons ’ rule . Too many are aware of Ramsay ’ s true nature : his various crime and cruelty to woman . ( Littlefinger can ’ t plead ignorance . ) Lord Manderly serf up a gruesome repast to the Boltons and the Freys at fake-Arya ’ s wedding feast — three huge pie quite likely containing bit of the three missing Frey son . In the show , Arya inherits this recipe .
 After the wedding feast , Ramsay ha his men order Theon to bring “ Arya ” to his bedchamber . There , he make Theon cut off her clothes and ultimately participate in the wedding night rape ; Theon is also raped himself . In the book , Theon/Reek is much more damaged at this point , believe it or not — Ramsay had also shattered his teeth and relieved him of other body part .
 From there , thing only get worse . People throughout Winterfell — including the northern lord who came for the wedding and are now snowbound — can hear Jeyne ’ s sobbing , which Theon describes a “ too painful to endure. ” The rumor mill is fueled by report that “ Arya ” is kept naked and chained to a bedpost . Guards speculate why she need a hot bath every night . The serving woman see the bruise , and those who accompany Theon to rescue her see teeth mark . So abused is the poor girl that she think the rescue must be another trick . Eventually , the rescue succeeds , and Theon and “ Arya ” jump off the battlement of Winterfell together .
 Sansa ’ s experience on the show , then , ha been simplified and sanitized . She is spared some of the sadism and torture , and she doesn ’ t suffer a psychological collapse . Fewer people die on Sansa ’ s behalf and even if many did , they weren ’ t expending their effort to save a fraud . In the book , Sansa is relatively safe and sound in the Eyrie , although she ’ s still in disguise and involved in various political machination . Apparently , the showrunners thought giving Sansa the fake Arya plot would allow her to play a bigger role in the story and that Theon ’ s redemption arc should involve someone the audience care about . This didn ’ t work .
 This week , reader wanted to know more about Stannis ’ s red priestess .
 Melisandre , in the beginning of Season 6 , reveals herself a an old woman/creature . I find it curious , especially since she come from Asshai where all manner of dark and creepy thing dwell . What is the nature of her being ? What type of creature is Melisandre ? — Noelani Clough
 Is Melisandre ’ s youthful appearance real or just an illusion ? If it ’ s just an illusion , wouldn ’ t Stannis literally feel the truth ? And wouldn ’ t she slip during the exhausting attempt to bring Jon back ? — Alma Southmayd
 Melisandre is quite the mysterious woman , and that ’ s on purpose — part of her power derives from keeping u in the dark about how effortless or difficult her sorcery is . But we do know a little . Her glamour spell is made of “ shadow and suggestion , ” she claim in the book . “ The wearer ’ s essence doe not change , only his seeming , ” which mean , yes , Stannis should feel the truth of her physiology . But would he want to ? “ Men see what they expect to see , ” she say . Meaning , if Stannis think he ’ s having sex with a younger woman , he ’ s going to disregard sensation telling him otherwise that could ruin the moment . And yes , magic can be exhausting , but not in the way you ’ re thinking . Mel sometimes feel like the ruby is burning her ( “ she feared her own flesh might start to smoke and blacken ” ) , so perhaps she want to take it off , but she chooses when to seek relief .
 Even though she ’ s lived “ for year beyond count , ” Mel ’ s only human , not a creature . She remembers being sold a a slave girl to the Red Temple , which trained it child slave to become priest , temple prostitute or warrior . It ’ s impossible to say exactly where most are from , although Thoros of Myr , also sold a a child slave , most likely came from Myr . But despite the commonly used phrase “ Melisandre of Asshai , ” Mel ’ s not from Asshai . She studied in Asshai , the Harvard of magic in that world . Mel most likely majored in shadowbinding , but she may have also studied under alchemist , shapechangers , spellsingers , pyromancer and bloodmages . Not all red priest and priestess study abroad , nor do all of them use glamour spell . But Kinvara might , considering she also wear the ruby choker . She seems rather young to be the highest of their order , doesn ’ t she ?
 Dance with the Night King .
 Come at me , bro .
 Real Housewives of King ’ s Landing .
 “ Game of Thrones , ” the musical .
 Maisie Williams rock the vote .
 Jon Snow at a dinner party .
 “ Family Guy ” shame .
 Rickon who ?
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Now that you ’ ve rewatched Season 1 , how ’ s your head ? Still attached ? Bravo ! Read on for a deeper dive into the season . If you missed Monday ’ s Season 1 newsletter , it ’ s available here . If you have any burning question you would like answered , send them to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 House Stark is obviously the big loser in Season 1 , racking up the most death among it entourage and household . And there wa the part where Ned lost his head . Cersei and Dany scored major point — getting away with murder , becoming the mother of meme — but they don ’ t have real power ( yet ) .
 The cagiest player ? Littlefinger , who stuck his finger in everything but somehow managed to keep his hand looking clean .
 History is written by the victor . What we see in “ Game of Thrones ” is the true history of Westeros , a opposed to what might be written up later by the maesters of the Citadel ( if they survive a White Walker invasion ) .
 As far a the rest of Westeros know at this point , Jon Arryn died of an illness , Bran Stark fell while climbing a tower , and King Robert wa killed by a boar . Whereas , in fact , Jon Arryn wa killed in plot by Littlefinger and Lysa Arryn ; Bran wa pushed out of that tower by Jaime Lannister ; and King Robert wa done in by a plot between Cersei and Lancel Lannister .
 Westeros also belief that Prince Joffrey wa the legitimate heir , that Ned Stark schemed to take the Iron Throne for himself and that Renly didn ’ t make a move on the throne until after his brother ’ s death . But we know that Joffrey is the illegitimate product of twincest and adultery , that Ned sought to obtain the throne for the king ’ s brother and that Renly had long been conspiring to take the throne with his lover , Loras Tyrell .
 Only we , the viewer , along with a few select character , are privy to the real story — and thus immune to the vile propaganda being spread throughout the realm .
 We ’ re also in the unique position of knowing that all of this maneuvering for the throne is pointless : Magic is back , dragon are back , and the White Walkers are coming . Most of the character dismiss news of these thing in the same way they would ignore fairy tale of “ grumpkins and snarks. ” Only the poor understaffed Night ’ s Watch and the wildlings are taking these threat seriously , and there is little they can do until they understand the situation better .
 Want exclusive “ Thrones ” interview and news , a well a the internet ’ s best article on that week ’ s episode ? Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here .
 After all , the White Walkers are completely alien — there ’ s no speaking to them or divining their motivation . Is it their intention to destroy all human , or are they simply looking for refuge below the Wall a condition in the Land of Always Winter drive them out ?
 Handy metaphor , these guy . We can easily recruit them to symbolize contemporary preoccupation like climate change , immigration , war or simply death itself . Similarly , the rest of the character can be viewed a subversion of familiar fantasy archetype .
 The Kingsguard resemble the heroic “ white knight ” of medieval folklore , but they ’ re corrupt . The Night ’ s Watch — a collection of “ black knight ” in appearance — are fighting to protect the realm . Cersei is the evil queen , but she ha sympathetic aspect . Sansa is the imprisoned princess but more complex . Catelyn , who might normally have been a background character , is calculating and influential . The beloved king and his beautiful queen , Robert Baratheon and Cersei Lannister , turn out to have a sham marriage .
 We hate Jaime because he tried to kill a little boy , but we end up warming up to him . We hate the Hound because he did kill a little boy , but we end up liking him quite a lot , too . Moral ambiguity is everywhere — there are no unblemished hero and no pure villain .
 Unless you count the White Walkers . What might their version of history be like ?
 In “ Game of Thrones , ” a in the real world , it ’ s always best to be careful what you wish for . Viserys Targaryen wanted a crown , and the one he got killed him . We talked to the actor Harry Lloyd about his death scene in Season 1 . ( Adapted from an interview for an earlier article . )
 Did you read any of the fan reaction to your character ’ s death ?
 I read all sort of stuff before we filmed it . So I knew the moment where he thought he wa actually going to get his crown wa a crucial moment for people , and I wanted to make sure that landed . So that wa helpful . The death wa always part and parcel of the character — this indignant young man , desperate to be king , who get to be a happy boy for just a second , and then he ironically get a molten gold “ crown ” poured over his head . It wa one of the most exciting thing about getting to play him .
 What ’ s your favorite memory from your last day on set ?
 I remember a funny chat with the director about what technically kill you when molten metal is poured over your skull . We talked about the point when the liquid would penetrate the skull and touch the brain , the body temperature , the heart rate . But of course , when it came to it , I just screamed like a girl until they said cut .
 Who had your favorite death and why ?
 For some reason , Jory Cassel ’ s death in Season 1 always stayed with me . The way Jaime stabbed him in the eye and then looked to Ned Stark . Chilling . Either that , or Khal Drogo killing Mago . I remember Jason Momoa filling me in on how the scene had been filmed while we were on a ferry in Malta during shooting . It had been written a a duel , and Jason had said Drogo ’ s first kill had to be much more spectacular than that . He described to me how he ’ d insisted that Drogo throw away his weapon and how he ’ d got the art department to create a tongue he could rip out of Mago ’ s throat instead . Which they agreed to ! And listening to him talk , it wa then I knew for sure that this show wa something very , very cool .
 Getting offed on “ Game of Thrones ” — especially in a memorably violent way — can be a great career move . Several actor whose character died in Season 1 are still around in other series and film . ( Sadly , Margaret John , the actress who played the House Stark servant Old Nan , died a few month before Season 1 aired — and so the character is treated a having quietly passed in the show a well . )
 Here are a few of the more active one :
 Jason Momoa ( Khal Drogo ) ha now joined the world of cinematic superheroes a Aquaman . Carrier of trident , rider of dolphin , deployer of saucy banter .
 Harry Lloyd ( Viserys Targyaren ) wa most recently seen playing the duplex character Peter Quayle in the excellent-but-canceled sci-fi thriller “ Counterpart , ” in which every character ha a doppelgänger in another dimension . Next up , he ’ ll be appearing a Professor X on the final season of “ Legion . ”
 Sean Bean ( Ned Stark ) is now juggling two drama , “ The Frankenstein Chronicles ” and “ Medici : Masters of Tomorrow , ” and he ha not yet been knocked off in either of them . ( Another of his show , “ Legends , ” celebrated his many onscreen death with a # Don ’ tKillSeanBean promotional campaign ) .
 [ Sign up for the Watching newsletter for recommendation of what to stream . ]
 Mark Addy ( Robert Baratheon ) went on to play Hercules in the BBC series “ Atlantis ” and recently guest-starred on “ Doctor Who ” a the mysterious Paltraki .
 Jefferson Hall ( Ser Hugh of the Vale ) A character of Hall ’ s wa recently killed in the new “ Halloween ” movie , during the course of another inquiry gone horribly wrong . Just because you ’ re no longer on “ Game of Thrones ” doesn ’ t mean you can let your guard down .
 Our recap of Season 1 .
 Fans grousing about losing Ned Stark .
 A political perspective .
 Race and gender in “ Game of Thrones . ”
 More on race .
 A video of the first “ Thrones ” Comic Con panel , which caused some controversy because of a rape joke by Momoa . He later apologized on Instagram .
 Maggy the Frog , the wood witch viewer won ’ t meet until Season 5 , told a young Cersei that she would have three child . This prophecy came true with the birth of Joffrey , Myrcella and Tommen , all conceived with Cersei ’ s twin brother , Jaime . Readers of George R.R . Martin ’ s “ A Song of Fire & Ice ” series will recall that in the book , she avoided giving birth to any child conceived with her husband , King Robert . As a defiant Cersei tell Ned : “ Your Robert got me with child once . My brother found a woman to cleanse me . He never knew . ”
 For some reason , however , instead of an abortion , the show gave Cersei an additional child — a boy now said to have been conceived with Robert at some time before the other three with Jaime . Unfortunately , this little “ black-haired beauty ” didn ’ t make it past infancy . Cersei first mention the boy to Catelyn , who is keeping vigil at Bran ’ s bedside .
 Cersei ’ s visit is ostensibly to provide comfort to the grieving mother of the child her brother and lover just tried to kill . But Cersei seems to be seeking comfort — or absolution ? — for herself , too . She tell a story about how the child wa taken away from her , and how she never visited the crypt . Catelyn is startled : She never knew about this secret .
 Even stranger , though , is the fact that the whole realm wa ignorant of the queen ’ s pregnancy , which would have produced the king ’ s firstborn heir . And nobody noticed that this child died a a baby ? Really ? Ravens should have been flying all around Westeros with the news .
 The story also make the timeline a little wonky . When , exactly , did Cersei have time to fit in this extra pregnancy ? In the book , Joffrey , who start out at age 12 , wa born three year after Robert ’ s Rebellion ended ; when Joffrey ’ s age wa bumped to 16 for the show , his birth would have had to happen sooner .
 Was this extra tot added to the narrative mix to drive home the point that if Cersei had child with Robert , they would have black hair , but child conceived with Jaime would be blond ? Is this another clue that her child are the product of incest and not true heir to the throne ?
 Possibly , although we get a lot of information later about the recessive-gene issue with Gendry and the whole “ seed is strong ” business . Speaking of which , this TV-only child stirred up a storm of speculation that Cersei ’ s “ black-haired beauty ” actually survived and grew up to be Gendry . ( Recall his comment that his mother had “ yellow hair. ” ) Fans went down a theory rabbit hole — why Cersei would abandon her son , whether or not she even knew he wa still alive — which might be all for naught .
 The invention of this lost child for the show might make Cersei seem more sympathetic . But even if she is telling the truth about the baby ’ s existence , she is lying to Catelyn . The queen ’ s parting line is about praying to the Mother for Bran ’ s recovery , when we know that she isn ’ t religious , and that she really would rather Bran not wake up at all .
 In our last installment , we asked you how and when you started watching “ Game of Thrones. ” Thank you to everyone who wrote in : We love hearing about your “ Thrones ” obsession . Here ’ s a small selection of reader memory , lightly edited for clarity .
 ‘ A Bonding Thing ’
 My son Ben , then 16 , wanted me to watch “ Game of Thrones ” with him when it first started . I thought it wa about a video game . We had watched “ The Tudors ” together , with me covering his eye for the naked part . I made a plot diagram of the first book , which my son thought wa quaint . “ You know , Mom , they have those on the internet. ” He ’ s 23 now . It ’ s been a bonding thing for u .
 Miriam Louise Fisher Fulton , Md . —
 Sick Day
 I watched all of Season 1 with my wife in one day … the day after Super Bowl 46 . I ’ m a Ravens fan , and the Ravens had just lost the AFC Championship in brutal fashion , and in order to get myself through the big game , I drank myself stupid with a friend . Needless to say , my wife and I called out sick on Monday and said , “ Let ’ s try this ‘ Game of Thrones ’ show. ” Ten hour and two food delivery later , we were done with Season 1 .
 Ben Livingston Columbia , Md . —
 A Presidential Pardon
 I kept seeing reference to “ Game of Thrones ” and whether Jon Snow wa alive or dead . Then , I read that Barack Obama had approached somebody affiliated with the show at a Hollywood fund-raiser and asked them about Snow . So , that did it . I decided to find out what the fuss wa about . I ordered the Season 1 DVDs from Netflix , and soon my husband and I were binge watching . I finally gave in and subscribed to HBO for Season 7 , something I had avoided for year and year . Sigh . Now , I ’ ve read all the book and own a large book of map of Westeros .
 Katherine Benson Rome , Ga. —
 The Winds of Summer
 Back in the summer of 2011 , a a sophomore in college , I stumbled across “ Game of Thrones ” when I wa staying in an isolated log cabin in Rocky Mountain National Park . I threw on the pilot late at night expecting a medieval drama . I wa not expecting a chilling , blue-eyed zombie child . Let ’ s just say the sound of wind rushing through the pine tree and creaky floorboard did not help me sleep that night .
 Mariah Baerend Boulder , Colo. —
 Shame of ‘ Thrones ’
 I started watching it during Season 4 because my friend were raving about the gorgeous scenery from Iceland and Croatia . We are in our late 50 , long past our day of unicorn and princess . Reluctantly , I started watching . Overall , I wa terribly alarmed by the universe of moral ambivalence . It seemed like such a vivid parallel for today ’ s world . Now the show ha become a ridiculous addiction that I dare not admit to my family or friend , but it is so fascinating and chilling that I can ’ t help myself .
 Livia Hart Denver
 Want to talk some sense into stupid Ned Stark ? Here .
 Want to slap Joffrey , over and over and over ? Done .
 What if the shenanigan of Tyrion and Bronn were actually a sitcom ?
 Fans dream of seeing the Hound and the Mountain face off again . This mythic event is called Cleganebowl , and , a they say , get hype .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jeremy Egner
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 It ’ s been 541 day since “ Game of Thrones ” last aired a new episode .
 That wa the cataclysmic Season 7 finale , which both demonstrated the annihilative power of a zombie ice dragon and finally paired the two most attractive people in the story , Daenerys Targaryen ( Emilia Clarke ) and Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) , not long after revealing that they are apparently aunt and nephew . ( Other thing happened , too . )
 Our long “ Thrones ” -less night will end April 14 , when the eighth and final season of HBO ’ s biggest ever hit finally kick off . The Times will be there with the usual array of recap , interview and explainers , a well a our day-after newsletter .
 Want exclusive “ Thrones ” interview and news , a well a the internet ’ s best article on that week ’ s episode ? Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here .
 Starting next week , however , we ’ ll get the whole Westeros ball rolling early with a preseason “ Thrones ” newsletter : a rewatch guide to the first seven season , tackling a different season each week .
 It will be an obsessive ( in a good way ) run-up to the final season of “ Game of Thrones ” — a deep dive into all the past twist , theme and connection you don ’ t realize you ’ ve forgotten , along with tribute to character we loved and lost . ( Hodor . )
 If you aren ’ t yet a subscriber to to our “ Thrones ” newsletter , here ’ s a sign-up link . You ’ ll receive the preseason edition every Monday and Friday beginning Feb. 25 , a well a our day-after edition once the season start . If you ’ re already a subscriber , you ’ ll get them automatically .
 Want some company ? Share the sign-up link with any friend who 1 . ) love the show but weren ’ t previously part of our newsletter family , or 2 . ) don ’ t really care about it but might want some background for pop-cultural literacy reason . All are welcome !
 And while we ’ re here , here ’ s a brief rundown of everything we know about Season 8 so far :
 Monumentalism ha always been a key component of a show that began with a giant sword beheading a deserter and most recently saw a zombie dragon destroying a leviathan Wall .
 But this season will be even bigger , with six nearly feature length episode and some of the largest , most complex sequence ever filmed for television . The final clash between the hero and the undead White Walkers , in particular , took many week to film , including 55 night of outdoor shooting .
 That episode wa overseen by the veteran “ Thrones ” director Miguel Sapochnik , whose previous episode like “ Hardhome ” and “ Battle of the Bastards ” featured some of the show ’ s most dazzling action scene . But the new one “ make the Battle of the Bastards look like a theme park , ” Peter Dinklage told Entertainment Weekly .
 And that ’ s presumably before the show even get to the final clash to determine who actually win this whole , you know , game of throne .
 [ Ahead of season 8 of “ Game of Thrones , ” relive it all with our ultimate watching guide , including episode recap and deep plot dive . ]
 Some of the more enjoyable scene of the occasionally lackluster Season 7 came when the far-flung character we ’ ve been watching for year finally met , or were reunited . Jon and Daenerys , of course , but also Cersei and Daenerys . Jaime and Daenerys . Arya and Sansa . The Clegane boy .
 As one might expect , battle between the living and the dead inspire new partnership . A teaser scene released by HBO show Sansa offering the Stark stronghold , Winterfell , to Daenerys , although Sansa doesn ’ t seem particularly thrilled about it . According to EW , the season premiere open at Winterfell and call back to the show ’ s pilot , with Daenerys and her army arriving at the castle much a King Robert ’ s procession did in the beginning .
 Eagle-eyed fan also noticed Jaime Lannister , last seen finally leaving his toxic sister , Cersei , sporting the armor of the North ( Stark country ) in a photo released by HBO .
 Casey Bloys , HBO ’ s programming president , ha said that David Benioff and D.B . Weiss , the creator of “ Game of Thrones , ” have ended the show in a way that is both dramatically and emotionally satisfying . But what else would he say ?
 More interesting were remark last year from Sophie Turner , who play the Stark daughter Sansa . In an interview with IGN , she said that the ending would probably divide viewer . “ I think a lot of fan will be disappointed and a lot of fan will be over the moon , ” she said .
 This jibe with what George R.R . Martin , the godhead of the “ Thrones ” universe , ha suggested , which is that the end of the saga will be bittersweet .
 “ I don ’ t know that I , a a writer , really believe in the conventional , clichéd happy ending , where everything is resolved and the good guy win and the bad guy loses , ” Martin said at a book fair in 2016 . “ We very seldom see that in real life or in history , and I don ’ t find it a emotionally satisfying myself a what I like to call the bittersweet ending . ”
 Fan theory abound about , well , everything involved in this show . And a fringe-y but persistent one hold that the show ’ s ur-bad guy , the undead Night King , will be the one who ultimately sits on the Iron Throne .
 That seems le “ bittersweet ” than “ nutty and unlikely. ” But so did plenty of other thing that eventually transpired on “ Game of Thrones , ” so who know ?
 Well , this part of the story will end . But given the show ’ s extraordinary — and extraordinarily profitable — success , we ’ ve most likely only just begun exploring the “ Thrones ” universe .
 This summer , HBO will begin shooting a prequel pilot written by Jane Goldman and Martin , set thousand of year before the event of “ Game of Thrones ” and starring Naomi Watts , among others .
 HBO ha yet to confirm that the pilot will be turned into another series . But AT & T didn ’ t buy HBO ’ s parent company , Time Warner , only to let one of it most valuable piece of intellectual property go dormant .
 Martin and Goldman ’ s concept wa one of several prequel pilot HBO developed , and the network hasn ’ t ruled out moving forward on one or more of the others . “ It ’ s an incredibly rich world that George ha created , ” Bloys told Deadline recently . “ So , I think we ’ d be crazy not to take a shot . ”
 So while winter is finally here , this game will be on , in some form , for the foreseeable future .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jeremy Egner
 On Sunday , we finally returned to an era-defining show , gone for year , that captivated the world with it high-stakes melodrama woven from familiar human fallibility .
 That show wa “ Downton Abbey. ” Because in the long-awaited Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones , ” from the grand royal arrival onward , Winterfell resembled nothing so much a that great Edwardian manse of swollen emotion . Charged reunion , new conflict and old grudge played themselves out upstairs and downstairs , inside and out , between sibling and ex , old friend and in-law , much of it rippling outward from a haughty noblewoman no one liked all that much .
 Granted , I don ’ t recall Lady Mary ever incinerating anyone ’ s brother , a Daenerys did to poor Dickon Tarly last season . And instead of the dowager countess ’ s bon mot , we got Bran , just sitting there creeping everybody out .
 Overall it wa a somewhat soapy but generally very satisfying setup for the final run of “ Game of Thrones , ” a the side coalesced for the war to come . Jon and Dany ’ s coalition of the living currently includes nearly everyone not named or sleeping with Cersei . She head up the King ’ s Landing faction , and this week welcomed a mysterious new man — Capt . Strickland , leader of the Golden Company — onto the team and Euron into her bed , while inviting more speculation about her purported pregnancy with the departed Jaime .
 Meanwhile , the White Walkers remained on the march up north , stopping occasionally for refreshment and ghoulish art and craft . ( O.K . that part wa le “ soapy ” than “ ghastly and terrifying . ” )
 [ So , who is able to ride a dragon ? | And what exactly is the Golden Company and where are those elephant ? ]
 Nearly everyone we like ha now made it to Winterfell , although they don ’ t always like one another all that much . Sansa and Tyrion reminisced about their cheerless but technically continuing marriage . The Hound , Gendry and Arya negotiated their complicated triangle , with a smitten Gendry displaying all the game you ’ d expect from a guy who ’ s been solo-rowing and hiding in blacksmith forge for the past few year . Jorah came in praise of Sam ’ s heroic greyscale treatment , but Dany ruined it by admitting she had executed his father and brother .
 And all that wa before the arrival of Jaime , who , at last count : once shoved Bran out a window ; will be hated by Sansa and Arya ( though he ’ d asked Brienne — also at Winterfell ! — to help them ) ; killed Dany ’ s ally Lady Olenna ; tried to kill Dany ; and by the way , made his name by killing her dad .
 The point is , Winterfell is a fraught place , tense with history and the clash of strong personality . For most of it run , “ Game of Thrones ” ha been defined by bigness and a far-flung story structure . But a it return for the final hurrah , it feel constrained and claustrophobic , a people hash out their difference and drop revelation bomb within tight shadowy shot .
 [ Want exclusive “ Game of Thrones ” interview and news , a well a the internet ’ s best article on that week ’ s episode ? Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here . ]
 The constricted , almost Alamo-esque confines reinforced both the narrative notion that humanity is about to make it last stand — ideally the occupant are le doomed this time — and the thematic one that sometimes profound or painful difference must be overcome in order to solve the really big challenge .
 On Sunday , most of those difference involved Daenerys , whose revelation to Sam , if the most painful , wa hardly the only awkward result of the putative King in the North arriving in thrall to the Dragon Queen .
 Because beyond the pageantry of the royal procession and beyond the awe inspired by the first dragon anyone had ever seen ( and then the second ) , the defining emotion were mistrust and resentment . From the narrow-eyed glare of the Northern commoner to Sansa ’ s side-eyed one , Jon ’ s return to Winterfell wa like that time you brought your outspoken new flame home for Thanksgiving , X a billion .
 Leave it to the always excellent Lady Mormont to say what everyone wa thinking . “ You left Winterfell a king and came back … I ’ m not sure what you are now , ” she said . “ A lord ? Nothing at all ? ”
 P.R . ha always been a blind spot for Jon — his stark moral rectitude ( pun intended ) make him oblivious to the fact that selling the right thing is sometimes a important a doing the right thing . And sure enough , there he wa on Sunday , sticking to the same “ I ’ m doing this for your own good ” script that literally got him killed awhile back .
 It wa left to Tyrion , whose failure to coach Jon on his messaging in advance wa only his latest advisory failing , to attempt damage control . But then he just said something else that will come back to haunt him .
 We have the greatest army ever and two full-grown dragon , he said . “ And soon the Lannister army will ride north to join our cause . ”
 ( “ I used to think you were the cleverest man alive , ” Sansa told him later , speaking for all of u . Bring back the man who drink and know thing ! )
 In the smaller chamber , Jon wa slightly more effective . He and Sansa resumed their bickering later before reaching a fragile détente , though Sansa remains circumspect . “ Did you bend the knee to save the North ? ” she asked . “ Or because you love her ? ”
 Jon ’ s reunion with Arya out by the weirwood tree wa the nicest moment of the episode , the two outsider of the Stark family coming together with more unguarded warmth than either had displayed toward anyone else , save perhaps their father Ned . ( Have you ever used Needle , Jon wondered . “ Once or twice , ” she said . ) It made up for the trademark awkwardness of Jon ’ s reunion with Bran , although somewhere in his three-eyed database Bran appears to have stumbled upon some self-awareness .
 “ Look at you , ” Jon told him . “ You ’ re a man . ”
 “ Almost , ” he replied .
 In general , it probably wasn ’ t the homecoming Jon wa hoping for . It wa all enough to make you want to retreat to the countryside with your lady .
 [ Read : Sophie Turner , Maisie Williams and Isaac Hempstead Wright discus Sunday ’ s reunion . ]
 At one time there wa fairly fervent fan speculation about who would ultimately ride the show ’ s three dragon . Dany predictably took to Drogon a couple season ago and then , in an upset , the Night King claimed Viserion in Season 7 . That left Rhaegal , the dragon named for Jon ’ s father , though he didn ’ t realize it . ( Yet . )
 Sure enough , Dany coaxed Jon aboard , and after a brief bit of Dragons Ed — the neck-scale equivalent of 10-and-2 being “ whatever you can hold on to ” — they were off . Soon Jon had Rhaegal fairly under control , and the couple wa enjoying a loins-stirring ride through the North .
 It wa all … fine . Look , I am not immune to the charm of new romance . That said , the whole sequence made me think about how many time I ’ ve told skeptical , fantasy-averse friend that “ Game of Thrones ” is not what they think it is . Because for a few minute , a the string swelled and two gloriously maned young royal frolicked on dragon above a wintry landscape , it totally wa .
 It also might amount to a final moment of bliss for Jonerys because the big bomb wa about to drop at Winterfell .
 If Sam had been feeling hesitant about revealing Jon ’ s true parentage to him , he wa le so after he learned his new queen had torched his family . For his part , Jon seemed more upset about the besmirching of Ned ’ s honorable reputation than about the upending of his own idea about himself , though he could be forgiven for a certain amount of compartmentalization .
 “ I know it ’ s a lot to take , ” Sam said in a hilarious bit of understatement , before driving the wedge that only figure to get wider and more painful over the next few week . “ You gave up your crown to save your people — would she do the same ? ”
 We know the answer , and so doe Jon . Perhaps Davos and Tyrion ’ s plan to package the candidate a a power couple will soothe brittle ego , although it seems unlikely — we ’ ve seen how well Tyrion ’ s plan work out these day . We ’ ll have to wait for next week , at least , to learn the ramification for that , a well a to learn how he responds to Jaime ’ s revelation that Cersei wa lying , of course , about helping out in the war against the dead . ( I ’ m already looking forward to Sansa ’ s reaction . )
 Down in King ’ s Landing , Cersei wa in peak Cersei form , drinking wine , conniving with Qyburn , meet-and-greeting new mercenary and having bored sex with her bug-eyed suitor .
 Wait — drinking wine ? You ’ ll recall she pointedly declined to imbibe when discussing her alleged pregnancy with both Jaime and Tyrion , but there she wa , having a postcoital glass a she instructed Euron to collect his thing and hit the brick . So wa that just stagecraft with her brother ? A Machiavellian tactic designed to inspire devotion in Jaime and credulity in Tyrion ?
 Perhaps , though that wa a rare bit of raw anguish we saw from Cersei after Euron crassly announced his own dad-goals . The only thing she ha ever demonstrably cared about wa Jaime and her child . Was her pain triggered by the loss of Jaime ? The loss of the unborn child ? All or none of the above ?
 One vote against it being Jaime wa that she sicced Bronn on him . Bronn — whom we ’ re repeatedly told care only about himself and his own enrichment , even a he ’ s done all sort of heroic stuff for Jaime and Tyrion — is now officially on their collective tail . Cersei ha requested that he use that infernal crossbow , the ultimate emblem of Lannister toxicity . ( Or an instrument of “ poetic justice , ” if you ’ re Cersei . )
 The Brothers Lannister have other concern these day , of course , and the crossbow-for-hire subplot is probably just a mean to get Bronn to Winterfell with everyone else before the big White Walker clash . But there ’ s one person we know definitely won ’ t be there : Little Ned Umber .
 You might recall that we met Ned last season , when Sansa wanted to take castle away from him and another child , Alys Karstark , because their father sided with Ramsay in the Battle of the Bastards . Those castle , Last Hearth and Karhold , also happen to be the first the White Walkers would encounter after breaching the Wall . But Jon intervened , saying he wouldn ’ t punish child for the sin of their father .
 Turns out he did Ned no favor . Losing his house probably would have been preferable to being transformed into spin art of the damned .
 We first got reacquainted with the boy early on Sunday , when he told Sansa and Jon he needed more horse and wagon in order to get his people back to Winterfell . He no longer need horse or wagon , having been turned into a flaming jump-scare machine at Last Hearth .
 “ It ’ s a message from the Night King , ” Beric Dondarrion said .
 That message would seem to be , get all your melodrama out of the way now . Because your real problem have only just begun .
 • Euron wanted to keep Yara around to talk to because he wa surrounded by mute . ( You might recall him explaining to his brother Balon , before he killed him , that he cut out the tongue of his crew because “ I needed silence. ” ) But he ’ ll need to find someone else because Theon rescued Yara and wa head-butted for his trouble . ( Well , that and abandoning her to Euron last season . ) As always , in a show with more than it fair share of crazy , the Greyjoys are in a special class .
 • That said , they link the various thread in interesting way . Theon is headed back to Winterfell to join the Stark cause , a fitting culmination for his continuing redemption arc . More intriguing wa Euron ’ s clear willingness to ditch Cersei if it suit him , and Yara ’ s plan to head home in case Daenerys need “ somewhere to retreat if they can ’ t hold the North , somewhere the dead can ’ t go. ” Could be foreshadowing ; could be nothing .
 • Fun fact : Sunday ’ s premiere wa the first post- # MeToo episode of “ Game of Thrones. ” The show celebrated by plying Bronn with nude prostitute . It wa a “ Thrones ” throwback — the series ha mostly abandoned the gateway gratuitous sex of early season — and perhaps one last kiss-off from a show that ’ s been known to tweak it scolder . ( See also : the close-up of the venereally afflicted actor in Season 6 , after complaint about insufficient male nudity . )
 • My colleague James Poniewozik wrote about how a “ Game of Thrones ” ha gone on , it ha become a “ dragon-delivery device , ” with character and narrative development becoming secondary to spectacle . A related quibble : The dragon themselves have become dad joke-delivery device . See Drogon ’ s stink eye during Jon and Dany ’ s date , or Jon ’ s quip about how Rhaegal “ completely ruined horse for me. ” What doe a dragon eat ? Sansa wondered . “ Anything it want , ” Dany say . And so on . It ’ s a small thing , but this show doesn ’ t wear corniness well .
 • “ The last time we spoke wa at Joffrey ’ s wedding , a miserable affair , ” Tyrion told Sansa . “ It had it moment , ” she replied . See ? That ’ s actually funny .
 • I ’ m looking forward to seeing how Jaime ’ s arrival shake up thing at Winterfell — we haven ’ t even mentioned the Jaime-Brienne-Tormund love triangle . ( Tormund arrives next week . ) I ’ m also glad the show seems to be dispensing with the reunion and revelation fairly quickly , rather than letting them hang over these last episode , which have plenty else to sort out before this thing is done .
 • What about you ? Was the return to Westeros everything you hoped it would be ? Do Jon and Dany have any future at all ? ( “ Nothing last , ” Varys intoned portentously . ) Are we positive Lady Mary never incinerated anyone ’ s brother ? ( She sexed a guy to death but there wa no fire — maybe she ’ s saving it for the movie . ) Please share your thought in the comment .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 Do you doubt me ? Still ? After all that you have seen ? There is only one way . You must binge before the Long Night begin .
 Welcome back to our guide through an epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ ve just joined u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch in later season . Or you can give u a taste of your blood for a vision of Season 5 .
 Novices beware : This article is dark and full of spoiler . And now our watch continues .
 Concentrate on the installment that are central to the famously complicated plot and provide all the feel . Here are four must-watch episode .
 Episode 1 , “ The Wars to Come ” — To savor the show ’ s first flashback , revealing that there wa a time when Cersei actually had friend ! To untangle the clue regarding King Robert ’ s death . To cuddle with the Unsullied . To unpack Tyrion ’ s crate and Varys ’ s plan , and to drink to the future of Westeros . ( Recap . )
 Episode 4 , “ Sons of the Harpy ” — Delves into the rise of radical movement in both King ’ s Landing and Meereen , provoked in both place by the action ( or inaction ) of their respective queen . Bonus : Lots of Rhaegar and Lyanna tidbit . ( Recap . )
 Episode 9 , “ The Dance of Dragons ” — An episode thick with emotion , from the intimation of doom surrounding Shireen ’ s BBQ to the sheer exhilaration of Dany ’ s takeoff from the fighting pit . ( Recap . )
 Episode 10 , “ Mother ’ s Mercy ” — This one is jam-packed . Sansa escape . Arya kill . Cersei walk . And — oh no ! — Jon dy . ( For now . ) ( Recap . )
 In the chaos following Tywin Lannister ’ s death , many character attempt to take control , often in the face of intransigent foe — religious fanatic , political insurgent , army of the dead . Trying to pick apart the intricate plot ? Thinking along these theme and setting might help .
 Hero Logic
 Two knight set off to rescue a princess in Dorne . Never mind that she ’ s feisty and in love and doesn ’ t want to go home . ( She should , though — her life is in danger in way she doesn ’ t understand . ) A would-be knight and squire set off to rescue a princess in the North ; she refuse their aid a well . Both of these rescue attempt fail at first , but later sort of succeed — when it ’ s too late , unfortunately . ( Myrcella get poisoned ; Sansa get raped . ) These thing happen all the time in Westeros ( and Essos ) , where the character are determined to save not just other people but whole class of people , even country . “ Westeros need to be saved from itself , ” Varys say .
 Jon Snow , an action hero if ever there were one , want to save the wildlings to prevent them from becoming soldier in the Night King ’ s army . But the Free Folk waste valuable time arguing about this , and then the Night King and his minion roll up . Thousands of people die ( thus qualifying to join the army of the dead ) . The dragonglass is lost . The Night ’ s Watch — not thrilled that Jon ’ s bringing the surviving wildlings through the Wall — decides to kill him . Rescue attempt will not succeed simply because the rescuer ha honorable intention . After Dany take off on her first flight on Drogon , her people decide that she need a rescue from her rescue . Why doe it occur to no one in this world that maybe she doesn ’ t — that maybe she will be the one to save them ?
 Proxy Power
 What do you do when you need some dirty deed done that you can ’ t do yourself ? In Westeros and Essos , it ’ s simple : Use a proxy ! Hire a Faceless Man to assassinate anyone you like and make it look like an accident . Deploy the Sons of the Harpy to mount violent protest against abolition ( not a popular idea among former slave master ) . Or empower the Sparrows ( now the Faith Militant ) to simply arrest your enemy .
 Using a proxy ha the added advantage of affording some degree of anonymity — something most of these shadowy organization also prize . The Sons of the Harpy go masked on their terrorist excursion . The Faceless Men require acolyte give up their belonging and their name . And the Sparrows must surrender their worldly possession a well , even their shoe . The High Sparrow maintains a prudent distance from the violence done in his name , allowing him to put on a kindly and avuncular mask of his own . Of course , the Night King is the ultimate master of proxy — he ’ s able to compel mass of the dead to do his bidding . He doesn ’ t even have to ask ( or pay ) them .
 Sally On the Side
 Sex is a big deal on this show because it ’ s a form of power . That ’ s why Margaery crow about consummating her marriage with the king — the sex is what make her queen . Sex outside of marriage is an even bigger deal this season , a brothel become a key part of the political landscape . Littlefinger ’ s brothel , managed by the male prostitute Olyvar , is raided by the Sparrows not once , but twice . The first time because the High Septon enjoys it service , the second just to shut the place down and make a statement about who ’ s in charge of King ’ s Landing now . And let ’ s not forget that Olyvar ’ s relationship with Loras Tyrell wa only a mean of spying on him for Littlefinger and Cersei . Even though Littlefinger also facilitates highborn marriage arrangement , don ’ t forget that he is actually a pimp . ( Or a flesh-peddler , a Lancel call him . Whichever you prefer . )
 There are more brothel across the Narrow Sea , and naturally we visit them , too . There ’ s the one in Braavos , where Meryn Trant seek underage girl to abuse ; the one in Meereen , where a sex worker lure cuddle-hungry Unsullied to be ambushed by the Sons of the Harpy ; and the pleasure house in Volantis , where a slave cosplays a Daenerys , Mother of Dragons . Is this some kind of political statement ? Not far from there , slave gather to hear a former sex slave-turned red priestess preach the gospel of the Lord of Light and herald the Red Temple ’ s endorsement of Dany a the Savior . “ Someone who inspires priest and whore is worth taking seriously , ” Varys observes .
 Dany , a we know , is trying to end human trafficking in Slaver ’ s Bay ; Yunkai ’ s primary export is “ bedslaves. ” The Wise Masters of Yunkai are merely Littlefinger writ large . Dany isn ’ t fighting a war only against common slavery , she ’ s fighting a war against sex trafficking , and against a patriarchy that provides few option for slave-born , lowborn or otherwise vulnerable woman and men .
 Gambling
 “ The Lannisters made you one of the great lord of Westeros , ” Roose Bolton tell Petyr Baelish . “ Yet here you are in the North undermining them . Why gamble with your position ? ” Because , say Littlefinger , “ Every ambitious move is a gamble . ”
 There is a lot of gambling this season , not all of it paying off . The Iron Bank call in one-tenth of the crown ’ s debt at a time when the Bank is backing both Tommen ’ s and Stannis ’ s competing claim for the throne . “ We are not gambler here at the Iron Bank , ” Tycho Nestoris insists . Mace Tyrell counter : “ You are the world ’ s best gamblers. ” After all , like Littlefinger , the Iron Bank is hedging it bet by playing both side .
 In Littlefinger ’ s case , he ’ s trying to keep the Eyrie in his pocket ( via his influence over Robin Arryn ) ; win the North ( priming Sansa , brokering the marriage alliance with the Boltons ) ; and retain favor with Cersei ( telling her about the marriage , giving her Olyvar a a witness against Loras ) ; and undermine the Lannisters ( giving Lancel to the Tyrells ) . Whoever come out on top in the North or at court , he should be able to claim the victor a an ally — or so he hope . At least Littlefinger is thinking several move ahead , something Cersei and several others should be doing . Arya gamble with her position a a Faceless Man acolyte by ignoring her assignment : to kill one of the biggest gambler in Braavos , the insurance man who agrees to pay the family of the ship captain and owner should they die at sea . This is a man who is gambling with the life of other people — apparently something even the god of death can not abide .
 Power to the People
 As despicable a some of the High Sparrow ’ s method are , he actually ha a point — the common people have been much neglected in the game that the high lord play .
 The crowd make their feeling known to Dany in Meereen — when they hiss at an execution , when they cheer the contest at the fighting pit — but Cersei ha spent the bulk of her time in King ’ s Landing avoiding the riffraff . ( Part of her fight with Margaery stem from the fact that Margaery became a beloved figure of the people . ) Varys dream of a land “ where the powerful do not prey on the powerless , ” where the ruler could “ intimidate the high lord and inspire the people. ” Dany struggle all season with just that , especially when it come to the high lord . She debate what she should do with the great family and former slave master of Meereen . Intimidate them , a she attempt by burning one alive ? Kill them all , a Daario suggests ? Or marry one , to build an alliance ? She know she ha to do something , and she ’ s going to have to have a better strategy should she ever hope to rule Westeros .
 “ Here in Slaver ’ s Bay , you had the support of the common people and only the common people , ” Tyrion point out to her . “ What wa that like ? Ruling without the rich ? ” Her response is that she ’ s going to “ break the wheel ” — stop the endless jockeying for position among the noble family that crush the people underneath . But how ?
 Watching with younger viewer ? You might want to just skip this entire violent season . But here are the most egregious scene :
 The Sons of the Harpy attack .
 An Unsullied soldier go to a brothel and get his throat slashed . ( About 18 minute into Episode 1 , last one minute . ) More Unsullied soldier get attacked , and Ser Barristan Selmy join the fight . ( About 46 minute into Episode 4 , last about four minute . ) During a fighting pit sequence , the Sons of the Harpy start their massacre at about 46 minute into Episode 9 . ( Drogon come to the rescue four minute later . )
 Melisandre burn folk , Episodes 1 , 9 .
 Melisandre burn Mance at the stake . ( About 52 minute into Episode 1 . ) Shireen Baratheon get her turn in Episode 9 — her pleading , screaming and cry might be harder to take than anything visual . ( The scene start around 33 minute in and is over about four minute later . )
 Castle Black justice , Episodes 3 , 10 .
 Jon Snow beheads Janos Slynt for disobeying an order . ( About 43 minute into Episode 3 . ) Jon ’ s own men later kill him during a mutiny led by Alliser Thorne . The stabbing start a little over 58 minute into Episode 10 .
 The Faith Militant attack , Episodes 3 , 4 .
 The Faith Militant march the naked High Septon through town . ( About 44 minute into Episode 3 . ) In Episode 4 , they go on another rampage at Littlefinger ’ s brothel , interspersed with a rather disturbing scene of Lancel getting his forehead carved with a seven-pointed star . ( Starts about 11 minute in . )
 Ramsay get rough , Episodes 5 , 6 , 7 .
 Ramsay ha sex with Myranda before his marriage to Sansa ( about 22 minute into Episode 5 ) ; consummates his marriage with Sansa in a disturbing , off-camera rape ( about 52 minute into Episode 6 ) ; and display a woman he ’ s flayed ( about 16 minute into Episode 7 ) .
 Fighting pit , Episodes 7 , 9 .
 The people in Slaver ’ s Bay might like to watch slave — sorry , freed men — fight to the death for entertainment ’ s sake , but your kid don ’ t have to . The first fighting pit excursion is in Episode 7 , about 48 minute in , and last three minute . The second is in Episode 9 , and the first contest start at about 38 minute in , but it doesn ’ t get lethal until two minute later . Jorah enters the fray at 42 minute in , and that might be harder to take . At 46 minute in , it morphs into the Sons of the Harpy attack .
 Wight attack , Episode 8 .
 For the most skittish , you might want to skip the entirety of the Hardhome sequence once the dog start barking about 44 minute in . The panic intensifies at 47 minute in , when the wight start to break through the gate , and by 50 minute in , it turn into a horror show .
 Arya kill Meryn Trant , Episode 10 .
 This is one of the most brutal death on the show , and it ’ s preceded by a sequence of Trant beating up some underage girl who shouldn ’ t be at the brothel in the first place . The beating start at about 22 minute in , and Arya take off her face and becomes a little killing machine about a minute-and-half later , gouging out his eye , stabbing him and slitting his throat . She ’ s done within a minute-and-half after that .
 Walk of shame , Episode 10 .
 Cersei is forced to walk naked from the Sept of Baelor to the Red Keep . Her walk of atonement start at about 50 minute in and includes much verbal abuse a well a men and woman exposing themselves to her , throwing thing at her , spitting on her and more . The ordeal last five minute .
 • A preview of Season 5 . [ NYTimes ]
 • The mix tape . [ Grantland ]
 • Inside the writer ’ room . [ Observer ]
 • Growing up with Maisie Williams . [ Vulture ]
 • Growing up with Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner . [ NYTimes ]
 • The first major leak . [ Variety ]
 • Game theory . [ Mashable ]
 • The Oxford Union Q & A . [ Oxford Union ]
 How Did You Get Your ‘ Game ’ On ?
 What did you think of Season 5 ? What wa your reaction when Jon Snow died ? Any burning question ? Send a raven to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com !
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 So now that you ’ ve rewatched Season 4 , do you need a drink ? Here , let u be your cupbearer . Read on for a deeper dive into the season . If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch in later season .
 House Lannister = House Loser . Thanks to all the family squabbling , the Lannisters overlooked real threat and ended up sacrificing each other , to the detriment of the Seven Kingdoms . House Arryn thought they were safe and the Eyrie impregnable — but they let Littlefinger waltz in and take the Vale for himself . House Martell lost their chance for revenge ( and we lost the best part of the Dorne story ) because Oberyn didn ’ t know when to just walk away .
 So , the winner ? House Baratheon . Stannis the Mannis is the only king looking to protect the realm , not just his own interest . Remember the realm , guy ?
 Tyrion isn ’ t the only poor soul in Westeros holding out for a hero — a champion to stand up and fight for him . What is Hodor , if not Bran ’ s champion ? ( Although not always voluntarily . ) Yara hope to become her brother Theon ’ s champion in order to save him from Ramsay ( too bad that Theon ha become Reek and can ’ t accept her rescue ) . And while both the Hound and Brienne deny any knight-like affiliation , they are unmistakably chivalrous — watching over a little orphan girl ( even if the little girl in question hardly need their help ) .
 Such heroism among humbler figure in this story point to the fact that those actually charged with protecting their people are generally selfish or feckless or both .
 When Tywin quiz Tommen ( “ What make a good king ? ” ) , they discus several necessary quality , but ultimately settle on wisdom , the crucial virtue for anyone seeking to rule over a kingdom filled with group pursuing hotly contested interest . However , Tywin doesn ’ t address the social contract between a monarch and his vassal — that in return for fealty , king and queen are accountable to their subject a protector of the realm . Tywin is aware of that responsibility , but he is more interested in using authority to advance his personal goal .
 In Meereen , Dany is driven le by calculation than extremist idea about justice . As she learns in the aftermath of Astapor and Yunkai , it ’ s not enough to liberate slave if their former master retain institutional power . So , enraged by the ghastly crucified slave child she see on the road , she executes all the master . “ They can live in my new world , or they can die in their old one , ” she say .
 But what exactly is Dany ’ s new world ? She ha replaced an oligarchy with an absolute monarchy , one with a judicial system defined by a lack of due process and disproportionate sentencing , a Hizdahr zo Loraq point out . His father , a critic of the child slave crucifixion , wa himself crucified . “ Is it justice to answer one crime with another ? ” Hizdahr asks , in regard to executing the master without questioning them first . Dany ’ s response ? That what she did wa no crime . She ’ s above the law because she is the law . That come awfully close to Joffrey ’ s assessment that the king can do what he like .
 It ’ s not like there are better model elsewhere . If you ’ re a lord or a lady accused of a crime in Westeros , the only way you can hire someone to defend you is in a trial by combat ; there are no lawyer in the courtroom of Westeros . Nor are there rule regarding conflict of interest among the three judge drawn from among your peer ( more lord ) . In Tyrion ’ s trial , Tommen recuses himself , presumably because he ’ s related to the accused , the accuser and the victim , but Tywin stay on .
 Outside of the king ’ s court , justice is even more arbitrary . The dissident burned by Stannis and Melisandre presumably received no trial before their execution . Littlefinger is suspected of murder and face a trial by two lord and one lady of the Vale , and half of their objection are that he ’ s an outsider ( Sansa ’ s testimony clear him ) . Jon Snow is also tried for a few crime — breaking his vow , murdering Qhorin Halfhand . But the Night ’ s Watch allows him to defend himself , and one judge on the bench decides he ’ s telling the truth ( good old Maester Aemon ) . That ’ s enough to stay an execution , to the dismay of Alliser Thorne , the acting Lord Commander .
 Westerosi law is more consistent in the area of property , inheritance , and succession — it privilege the powerful , not the common people .
 Again and again in Season 4 we were reminded that in such a fundamentally unjust world , the people need a new kind of champion . Not someone who ’ s trying to become king or queen in order to theoretically save the realm , but someone who ’ ll fight to save the realm first .
 Love story on “ Game of Thrones ” tend to end rather badly — your lover dying in your arm , or pushing you through the Moon Door , or strangling you with a golden chain . We talked to actor Sibel Kekilli about the sad standoff between Tyrion and Shae in Season 4 . ( Adapted from an earlier interview with Kekilli . )
 How did you find out about your character ’ s death ?
 Dan Weiss and David Benioff told me that my role would be slightly different from the original character in the book , a bit bigger . But a I hadn ’ t read the book at that point , I had no clue exactly what they meant . When I told some friend that I wa going to be in the show , they spoiled the whole thing for me , big-time . I actually thought they were going to kill me off at the end of Season 3 , so after reading the script for that season , I asked Dan and David if they had changed their mind and decided to put Shae on the throne at the end ? Unfortunately , their answer wa no . But they gave me the good news that my character would live for one more season . So at least that wa a nice surprise .
 What do you remember from your last day on set ?
 My last day on set wa actually the strangulation scene with Peter Dinklage , and I wa rather sad that my time on “ Game of Thrones ” had come to it end . But I thought it wa really kind that Dan and David came over from another set to watch me die .
 Did you read any of the fan reaction ?
 Unfortunately , I did once . Apparently people can be really mean these day , and some can ’ t differentiate between the fictional character and the real person . What bothered me the most wa the fact that people didn ’ t believe Shae wa really in love with Tyrion . But I ’ m happy that it also could be the other way around . I once met Barack Obama , and he just said , “ I am so sorry that they killed you off , ” with a big ironic smile . He wa very kind and charming . And George R.R . Martin told me that if he had known me earlier , he wouldn ’ t have me killed . He liked my Shae better than the one in the book .
 How did being on the show change your career ?
 It ’ s a bit crazy and scary at the same time . Sometimes I get recognized because of the show , even though it ha been a while since I have been on the series . Sometimes it ’ s really funny , because they think they know me from somewhere or have met me before . And if they find out that I played Shae in the show , they immediately say , “ Ah ! You betrayed Tyrion ! ”
 Who had your favorite death and why ?
 Viserys ’ s death wa very memorable , and it had such an impact . And sorry to say , Joffrey ’ s death wa very good — he wa a horrible king , and his death scene wa just magnificent .
 Jack Gleeson ( Joffrey Baratheon ) announced an early retirement from acting well before the death of the loathsome Joffrey , citing a need to focus on his study at Dublin ’ s Trinity College . Now , though , he ’ s easing his way back into show business a a member of the theater company Collapsing Horse , which produce show focused around comedy and puppetry .
 Pedro Pascal ( Oberyn Martell ) ha gone from busting Lannisters to building case against drug cartel in “ Narcos. ” Next , he ’ ll be playing a interplanetary gunfighter in the Star Wars TV series “ The Mandalorian . ”
 Charles Dance ( Tywin Lannister ) ha been very good about staying in touch with his old castmates . He appeared with his former “ Thrones ” daughter Lena Headey in “ Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , ” with the Khaleesi herself in “ Me Before You ” and with the Red Wedding groom in “ Underworld : Blood Wars. ” He even played the father of Conleth Hill ( who played Varys ) in the British sitcom “ Hang Ups . ”
 Rose Leslie ( Ygritte ) fight only courtroom battle these day in her role a the young lawyer Maia Rindell on the “ The Good Wife ” spinoff “ The Good Fight . ”
 • Our recap of Season 4 . [ NYTimes ]
 • The show and it many rape . [ NYTimes ]
 • More on that . [ Think Progress ]
 • A celebration of violence . [ The AV Club ]
 • Hanging out with George R.R . Martin . [ Vulture ]
 • Joffrey speaks . [ University Times ]
 • The Hound ha a code . [ Esquire ]
 • Rave of Thrones . [ Vulture ]
 • The ultimate fate of Season 4 breakout star Ser Pounce . [ EW ]
 There were several departure from the Song of Ice and Fire book in Season 4 , the most controversial being that in the show , Jaime and Cersei attend the funeral for their dead son . After a furor erupted , the show ’ s creator and cast then gave everyone whiplash trying to explain it .
 The book are divided into point-of-view chapter , and this particular juncture in “ A Storm of Swords ” is told from Jaime ’ s perspective . He ha just returned to King ’ s Landing from his stint a a prisoner-of-war and discovers his son/nephew Joffrey is dead . Alone in the sept with Joffrey ’ s corpse , he and Cersei comfort one another with kiss and caress . Cersei ’ s receptive , but she object , weakly , when Jaime start kissing her neck . “ No , ” she say . “ Not here . The septons … ” But Jaime kiss her again , until she moan . Then he knock the candle off the altar and lift Cersei up onto it . Next , she pound on Jaime ’ s chest , “ murmuring about the risk , the danger , about their father , about the septons , about the wrath of god . ”
 This could be interpreted a a no , except that after Jaime start having sex with Cersei , she begin whispering word that indicate assent ( including the actual word “ yes ” ) : “ Yes , my brother , sweet brother , yes , like that , yes , I have you , you ’ re home now , you ’ re home now , you ’ re home . ”
 It ’ s clear that Cersei ’ s initial objection were to the holy location — the Sept of Baelor — and to the presence of her dead son ’ s body . She reciprocates and consent to be roughly ravished , even if her consent is complicated . As author George R.R . Martin say , “ Though the time and place is wildly inappropriate and Cersei is fearful of discovery , she is a hungry for him a he is for her . ”
 In the show , the circumstance are different . Jaime ha been back in King ’ s Landing for a while and Cersei ha been standoffish , telling him he ’ s been gone too long . The dialogue in the sex scene is different : We get her initial no , but not her later yes . She ’ s at first receptive to a kiss , but then pull away . “ You ’ re a hateful woman , ” Jaime angrily tell her . “ Why have the god made me love a hateful woman ? ” He grab at her and start tearing at her clothes . “ Jaime , not here , please , ” Cersei say . “ Please . Stop it . Stop it . Stop . No . Stop it . Stop . Stop . Stop . It ’ s not right . It ’ s not right . Don ’ t . Don ’ t. ” That ’ s an awful lot of flat-out no .
 Viewers and critic were disturbed and outraged by this scene , and there wa much debate about whether what we saw wa a rape . Some observer were unequivocal , sure that it wa ; others were confused by the ambiguous blocking and shot choice ; and some thought — what the hey — Jaime wa justified in taking what he wanted , however roughly .
 Pressed for clarification , the show ’ s producer , the episode ’ s director and the actor themselves sent out mixed message , publicly disagreeing with one another and even contradicting themselves about the intention of the scene . The director Alex Graves claimed at first that it wa intended to look consensual . “ It becomes consensual by the end , ” he said in an interview with Hitfix , “ because anything for them ultimately result in a turn-on , especially a power struggle. ” In another interview , with Vulture , he attempted to clarify : “ The big thing to u that were so important , and that hopefully were not missed , is that before he rip her undergarment , she ’ s way into kissing him back . She ’ s kissing him aplenty . ”
 Graves then turned around and told the Hollywood Reporter that it wa rape . Then during the “ Inside the Episode ” featurette , the showrunner David Benioff said the sex wa forced : “ She ’ s saying no , and he ’ s forcing himself on her. ” The actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau claimed that what we saw wa both rape and not-rape . “ It took me awhile to wrap my head around it , ” he told the Daily Beast , “ because I think that , for some people it ’ s just going to look like rape . The intention is that it ’ s not just that … There are moment where she give in , and moment where she push him away . ”
 This confusion regarding a fictional rape came at a time when Americans were grappling with defining what constitutes consent and coercion in real life , especially in regard to a few high profile case . ( Emma Sulkowicz started carrying her mattress around Columbia University that year . )
 Whether or not “ Game of Thrones ” intended Cersei to be raped by her brother/lover , the issue wa dropped after this episode — we see no subsequent recrimination between Cersei and Jaime for the rest of Season 4 . Which would be strange , if it had been rape , because Cersei would seem to be the last sort of person to let such a thing slide . Instead she simply tell Tywin about their incest and then return to Jaime and vow her everlasting love . Hmmm .
 Part of the viewer outrage that erupted around this scene wa more plot-focused . It seemed to reverse the narrative direction of Jamie being on a redemption arc . People were just starting to like Jaime and they felt betrayed . Very few of the fan so concerned about Jaime ’ s narrative arc had a much to say about Cersei ’ s .
 There have of course been ongoing objection to the sexual politics of Westeros — a place where woman are repeatedly threatened with rape and in fact are raped quite a lot . What could be the reason for turning an instance of consensual sex in the book into what appears to be yet another rape in the show ? Answer still awaited .
 You have more lingering question !
 I have confusion over Daenerys ’ provenance . She say her father wa the Mad King , yet we know that Elia Martell wa the Mad King ’ s wife , had two child with him , and all three of them were murdered by the Mountain . So who wa Dany ’ s mother ? It ’ s suggested that Dany is Jon Snow ’ s “ aunt ” or something like that , but if her father wa the Mad King , and Jon ’ s father wa the Mad King , too , then they are half sibling , with the same father . So what ’ s the real story ? Help ! — Roberta Smoodin
 I ’ ve been grappling with Jon ’ s lineage for a while . I don ’ t buy that he ’ s a Targaryen . His hair give ample evidence that he could be Robert Baratheon ’ s son . Why did George R.R . Martin go to such great length regarding hair color a it pertains to lineage just to abandon it now ? How can Jon Snow with his curly black ( Baratheon-like ) hair come from a Targaryen ( white blonde ) and a Tully ( brown/red ) ? It doesn ’ t make sense . Also , now Jon would be Dany ’ s nephew ? — Susan Keating
 Let ’ s tackle these two lineage query together , and hopefully sort through the confusion before Jon and Dany continue the Targaryen family tradition of incest any further ! King Aerys II , the Mad King , wa Dany ’ s dad . But he wa not married to Elia Martell — he wa married to his own sister , Rhaella . Rhaella had three child — Rhaegar ( the crown prince ) , Viserys and then Dany — but died from complication during Dany ’ s birth . Rhaegar wa the one who married Elia Martell , and they had two child together , daughter Rhaenys and son Aegon . But Rhaegar abandoned Elia and the kid to run off with Lyanna Stark , with whom he had his third kid and her first .
 Rhaegar ( a Targaryen ) and Lyanna ( a Stark , not a Tully ) could have blonde or brunette kid , but the chance of white blonde wa slimmer than brunette since the lighter hair color is a recessive gene . In this case , the dominant gene ( darker hair ) won out , giving Jon more of the Stark coloring . ( “ The seed is strong. ” ) Although Lyanna wa betrothed to Robert before running off with Rhaegar , this wa not Robert ’ s baby . Rather , Lyanna made her brother Ned ( and Robert ’ s BF ) promise to protect the baby from Robert . “ If Robert find out , he ’ ll kill him . You know he will , ” she told Ned on her death bed a she , too , died from childbirth . The new regime would have to wipe out the Targaryen line . And so Ned changed the kid ’ s birth name ( Aegon Targaryen ) to a bastard name of the North ( Jon Snow ) and claimed him a his own . Jon is roughly nine month older than Dany , but she is his paternal aunt .
 • The Dinkles is my jam .
 • Stephen King ’ s send-off to King Joffrey .
 • Bloopers .
 • Modernist “ Game of Thrones . ”
 • “ The Scream ”
 • Sandor Clegane , Colonel Sanders ?
 • For the pie .
 [ Sign up to get these straight to your inbox . ]
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 This binge ha just begun . It will last for week . You will betray everything you once held dear . And it will all be worth it .
 Welcome back to our guide through an epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you have joined u now for the first time , you can catch up with Season 1 , or plunge ahead with a look into the flame at Season 2 .
 What most impressed you ( or confused you ) about Season 2 ? What did you pick up on that you had missed previously ? Any burning question ? Send a raven ! Email u at gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 Novices beware : This article is dark and full of spoiler . And now our watch continues .
 If you want to catch up fast , concentrate on the installment that are central to the complicated plot and provide all the feel . Here are four must-watch episode .
 Episode 1 , “ The North Remembers ” : for a crash course on all the different faction , a whistled “ Rains of Castamere , ” the Citadel ’ s weather report , a beach BBQ and Stannis putting the Lannister twincest on blast .
 Episode 4 , “ Garden of Bones ” : for an examination of code of conduct in time of war ( compare attitude held by Stannis , Roose , Robb , Tyrion and Tywin ) . Extra fun : Shadow baby !
 Episode 9 , “ Blackwater ” : in which we get the first major onscreen battle of the series , a song from Bronn , a rousing speech from Tyrion and some major snottiness from Joffrey . Bonus : Cersei try to get Sansa drunk .
 Episode 10 , “ Valar Morghulis ” : because it ’ s chock-full of magic trick . Visions and dragon fire in the House of the Undying , vision in Melisandre ’ s flame , a Faceless Men face-lift and the army of the dead . Three blast !
 As you continue on your great rewatch , you ’ ll find more development that have big payoff down the road : Craster sacrificing his son , Roose volunteering to send “ my bastard ” to retake Winterfell , Theon worrying about being emasculated in front of his own people . ( Too soon ? ) But if you were ever confused by the chaos and civil war that erupted across Westeros after King Robert ’ s death ( also known a the War of the Five Kings ) , then focusing on a few theme , character and situation might help .
 Daddy Issues
 Few show have more of them than “ Game of Thrones . ”
 In Season 2 alone : Tyrion empathizes with Cersei about failing their father — no one could live up to the expectation of a man like Tywin . Theon ’ s existential crisis stem in large part from trying to serve two father : bio-dad ( Balon Greyjoy ) and the man who raised him ( Ned Stark ) . Because one of them is dead , Theon is trying to live up to the expectation of the one who is living — even if that mean betraying the Starks .
 Jaime Lannister understands the futility and singular misery of trying to please opposing side , a he tell Catelyn : “ Defend the king , obey the king , obey your father , protect the innocent , defend the weak . What if your father despises the king ? What if the king massacre the innocent ? ”
 It seems the only solution in Westeros is to shake off paternal pressure and try to live by one ’ s own code .
 Tyrion ’ s Talents
 Tyrion prof he is particularly well-suited to court intrigue and deception when he serf a acting Hand of the King .
 He realizes that Janos Slynt would betray anyone to the highest bidder , so he revoke Slynt ’ s command of the City Watch and exile him to the Wall . He realizes that the Martells could be useful ally and so secures their cooperation with a marriage arrangement . And he know that Catelyn can be manipulated by the love of her child , which he us to trick her into releasing his brother , Jaime .
 He is also aware that someone is spying for Cersei , so he decides to find out who by giving conflicting information to Pycelle , Varys and Littlefinger and then waiting to see which story Cersei hears , a stratagem that result in Pycelle ’ s ( temporary ) removal from the Small Council . Tyrion also determines that Lancel is sleeping with Cersei and should be manipulated easily into spying on Cersei . When that spying reveals Cersei ’ s wildfire plan , Tyrion steal and improves upon her tactic . ( Perhaps he shouldn ’ t be too dismayed that Tywin later steal the credit for saving the city ; it run in the family . )
 Although Tyrion is very good at playing power broker , he is unfortunately prone to making rash threat . This isn ’ t very smart , even if it is satisfying to watch him slap Joffrey , threaten a member of the Kingsguard and arrest the Grand Maester for tattling to Cersei — something that technically isn ’ t a crime . All of the threat that Tyrion make in Season 2 have severe consequence later on .
 Foreign Influences
 Jon Snow ha Ygritte . Bran ha Osha . Robb Stark ha Talisa , from Volantis . Arya ha Jaqen H ’ ghar , from Braavos ( following her previous Braavosi mentor , the unfortunate Syrio Forel ) . Surely Gendry wa shaped by having served a an apprentice for Tobho Mott , even though we don ’ t see many of their interaction — we can only hope Tobho passed down his arcane knowledge of how to reforge Valyrian steel .
 Tyrion ha Varys , from Lys , and Shae , from Lorath . ( Sansa also benefit from Shae ’ s presence . ) Stannis , of course , ha Melisandre , from Asshai . And let ’ s not even get started on everyone in Dany ’ s circle !
 Many of these influencers from outside the Seven Kingdoms provide necessary wisdom — helping reframe perspective on people above and below the Wall , on gender role , on the tenet and practice of different religion and on the damage caused by the civil war , especially to the common people . If people mention a faraway land , pay attention .
 Pyromania
 We first learn about the possibility of magical fire in Season 2 — baby dragon burst , Melisandre ’ s sacrificial beach BBQs , vision in the flame and the napalm-like wildfire , which ha a real-world provenance : It ’ s based on a Byzantine Empire weapon called Greek fire .
 The key to Targaryen power wa dragon fire ; wildfire wa a substitute during the reign of the Mad King . ( “ Burn them all ! ” ) The Lannisters inherited the wildfire from the Alchemists ’ Guild , which refers to wildfire a “ the substance , ” a in , “ The substance is fire given form . ”
 Wisdom Hallyne is very proud of “ the substance ” when he confers with Tyrion about the 7,811 pot he ha stored in his vault — enough to torch Stannis ’ s fleet and his whole army . Tyrion tell him to make a lot more , which come in handy later when Cersei decides to blow up the Sept of Baelor . ( Macabre foreshadowing here : Lancel is the first to inform u about wildfire ’ s existence ; it later becomes the instrument of his death . )
 Why No A.P.B . for Arya ?
 After Tyrion reminds Cersei that they have lost one of the two Stark girl they had to trade , the queen asks a favor of Lord Petyr Baelish : Locate Arya so the Lannisters can secure Jaime ’ s release in a prisoner exchange . But Littlefinger doesn ’ t lift a finger to help with this request , even when he stumble upon Arya accidentally . Cersei suggests to Joffrey that they ask Tywin to have the army help search for Arya , but Joffrey — a well-known pain — reject this because king don ’ t ask , they command .
 So Littlefinger never bother to look for Arya , Joffrey strike out , and Tywin isn ’ t notified that she is missing . Worse yet , even after Tywin realizes that there is a highborn Northern girl at Harrenhal in disguise a a commoner , he fails to suspect her true identity . In fact , he give her tip on how to pretend to be lowborn !
 Littlefinger , on the other hand , doe give Arya a curious glance when she serf him wine . Does he recognize her ? Does he recognize that Tywin doesn ’ t recognize her ? Is he trying to figure out how and when this information might most benefit him ? Is he having a vision of his own eventual death ? It ’ s most curious .
 Watching with younger viewer ? Here are some scene you might want to skip in Season 2 .
 Littlefinger ’ s brothel/bastard massacre , Episode 1 : “ Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound ? ” Ros asks an overly enthusiastic prostitute . Awkward . Then Janos Slynt ’ s Gold Cloaks storm the brothel , and other area , in order to kill King Robert ’ s natural-born child , even the baby . ( This scene come about 50 minute in and last about four minute . )
 Sexy time with Theon , Stannis and Littlefinger , Episode 2 : When Theon ’ s ship sail to the Iron Islands , he hook up with the captain ’ s daughter while they discus the Ironborn ’ s tradition of salt wife ( around 20 minute in ) . Immediately after this , we get a sneak peek at how Littlefinger manages to keep his customer happy , including the voyeur who spy on sex act . Those who are super-cautious might also find Theon ’ s horseback ride with his sister Yara a little too racy . “ I don ’ t imagine it ’ ll be a story fit for child , ” she say . ( Around 37 minute in ; the objectionable part last under a minute . )
 Also , Melisandre tell Stannis he ha to give all of himself to the Lord of Light , which apparently mean having sex with her on the map table of Westeros . She disrobes , he doesn ’ t . ( Around 51 minute in ; last le than two minute . )
 Torture at King ’ s Landing , Harrenhal , Episode 4 : Tyrion give Joffrey two prostitute , and Joffrey naturally make one abuse the other ( 14 minute in , last about three minute ) . The Mountain and his friend question prisoner who have bucket of rat tied to their belly so the vermin will chew into them ( 30 minute in ) . Melisandre disrobes to reveal her pregnancy and delivers a magical apparition ( 50 minute in , and it take just over one miraculous minute to go into labor and give birth ) .
 Rough justice , Episode 6 : What ’ s worse , Theon ’ s sloppy job of beheading Ser Rodrik Cassel or Bran ’ s anguish a he begs Theon to stop ? ( About 11 minute in , last about a minute . ) Then there ’ s the riot in King ’ s Landing , which is frankly disturbing , what with the High Septon ’ s dismemberment and Sansa ’ s near-rape ( about 27 minute in , last just under four minute ) .
 George R.R . Martin on the real Iron Throne .
 Our critic ’ s preview at the time .
 A profile of Peter Dinklage .
 A call for more TV show to be like “ Game of Thrones . ”
 An improvement regarding female character .
 Check back on Friday for a deeper dive into Season 2 , and find our rewatch guide to Season 1 here and here .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 It is beautiful beneath the sea , but if you binge too long , you ’ ll drown . Welcome back to our guide through an epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch .
 If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch throughout Seasons 1-7 . Or you can tap into our weirwood tree and warg into our gentle giant — simultaneously ! — for a vision quest of Season 6 .
 Novices beware : This article is dark and full of spoiler . And now our watch continues .
 Concentrate on the installment that are central to the famously complicated plot and provide all the feel . Here are four must-watch episode .
 Episode 2 , “ Home ” — Watch to visit Winterfell in happier day , when Hodor could speak . Take a deep breath and exhale with Jon when he come back ( a he always doe ) . Also , it ’ s kin-slaying time in Winterfell and the Iron Islands . ( Recap . )
 Episode 5 , “ The Door ” — Bran ’ s vision quest into the past take their toll and Hodor pay the price . ( Or did he pay it long ago ? Time travel is so confusing ! ) Bonus : Welcome a new villain , Euron Greyjoy , who promise more to be more fun than Ramsay . ( Recap . )
 Episode 9 , “ Battle of the Bastards ” — It ’ s time to take back Winterfell ( and yell at Rickon to zigzag ) . Smile along with Sansa when Ramsay provides one last meal for his beloved dog . ( Recap . )
 Episode 10 , “ The Winds of Winter ” — Cersei ha a blast wiping out her enemy and claiming the throne in a sequence with unforgettable sound and vision . Also , R+L=J confirmed . Have a little Frey pie ? ( Recap . )
 After a series of disturbing setback , several traumatized character fight to take back the place they once called home and bring some stability to the social order . Trying to pick apart the complex narrative ? Thinking along these theme might help .
 White Walking and Greenseeing
 What are the White Walkers up to ? How much doe the Three-Eyed Raven know about it ?
 It ’ s clear that there is much being left unsaid , especially on the part of the extremely uncommunicative Night King . First , the White Walkers are marching along a very strange , meandering route with their army of the dead . Why don ’ t they head straight for the Wall ? Did they need winter to come to slow the wight ’ decomposition ? Are they giving the baby White Walkers time to learn to walk on their own ? Or are they waiting for some sort of magical assist , maybe someone they can mark who will pas through the Wall first ?
 Benjen tell Bran and Meera that the dead can not pas the Wall — ancient spell are carved into it foundation for protection , like the magical ward in the Three-Eyed Raven ’ s cave , which were broken once the Night King marked Bran . If there were a possibility the ward could be broken , shouldn ’ t the Raven or the Children of the Forest have warned their guest ? Why don ’ t they ? The Raven practically force Bran to go into download mode when they should be escaping . Maybe he know the Night King want to kill him . Or maybe the Raven want to die while connected to Bran and the weirwood-net , so that everything he know becomes part of the tree and accessible to Bran .
 Was this the Raven ’ s plan all along ? Benjen , who say the Raven sent him to help Bran , is not surprised the Raven is dead and automatically expects Bran to assume that mantle . It feel like there is a certain inevitability to all of this , even though so much remains unknown , including whether Bran ’ s mark ha any effect on the Wall ’ s protective magic .
 The Line of Succession , The Proper Progression , The Lawful Ascension
 Even in a world like Westeros , there are rule of succession . But they are rule that are easily subverted , especially by those willing to murder their way to the top . Ramsay make sure not to murder Roose Bolton until after he is legitimized and recognized a his father ’ s heir . And the High Sparrow — who surely belief that Tommen is a bastard born of incest , but depends on his supposed legitimacy — try to cement his position by ensuring the king and queen get busy making an heir , just in case Tommen isn ’ t long for this world .
 Even Euron Greyjoy , who murder his brother to force regime change in the Iron Islands , abides by the tradition of his people and participates in the Kingsmoot , the closest thing to democracy in the Seven Kingdoms outside of the Night ’ s Watch election . They ’ re recognizing the legality of their position .
 But the woman seizing power are rewriting the rule . Ellaria Sand and the Sand Snakes violently overthrow Dorne and take control , even though Ellaria wasn ’ t next in line . And there is — or wa — no legal basis for the Queen Mother to take the throne following the death of the king ’ s last supposed heir . Then again , Cersei had already thumbed her nose at the line of succession by placing her kid born of twincest on the Iron Throne , where she could rule through them ( or try to ) . And she ’ s willing to blow up anyone who challenge her . She kill not only the Faith Militant , the Tyrells and member of the Small Council , but hundred of noble present to attend the trial . Qyburn , in effect , becomes the second most powerful member of the court , replacing the Hand , the Small Council and the High Septon . Who ’ s left to ask the Citadel to check the royal family tree ? Luckily , Bran ’ s got much of the archive in his head .
 Near Death Experiences
 The Many-Faced God doe not like having life stolen from him , but a lot of character defy death anyway . The Three-Eyed Raven claim to have lived for a thousand year . Melisandre , it ’ s revealed , ha also lived for a lot longer than previously thought , possibly for hundred of year . Both Beric Dondarrion and Jon Snow have been resurrected from the dead — Beric a few more time than Jon , but both by follower of the Lord of Light . In a sense , Euron Greyjoy also died and wa brought back to life at the hand of a priest , this time serving the Drowned God ( his drowning at the Kingsmoot is both a baptism and a coronation ) . Benjen life in an in-between state — mostly dead , but still le dead than the reanimated Mountain , who himself is le dead than the White Walkers ’ wight .
 Death is clearly not the last word in this world , which might be why Davos risk his life to request Jon ’ s resurrection in the first place . Although once it ’ s known that it can be done , why is it not done for others ?
 Certainly , that would have cut down on the many funeral always taking place . Cersei ’ s world seems to be defined by funeral . We first met her a Jon Arryn ’ s body wa lying in state in the Sept of Baelor in Season 1 , and she ’ s had a steady toll of dead piling up around her ever since . Almost every season feature a funeral at the Sept of Baelor — no wonder she want to blow the place to smithereens . How much grief can one person bear ? And her hatred for Tyrion stem from that grief , a she belief him to be responsible for the death of her mother and her son .
 Others grieve in different way , of course . Trystane Martell prefers to paint little eye on stone for Myrcella ’ s service , while Ramsay take a moment to remember Myranda before feeding her to his precious dog ( a rite that will be repeated for him ) . And the Dothraki always expect their widow to grieve forever , locked away in the Temple of the Dosh Khaleen , until Dany end that practice . It ’ s because Dany can defy death that the Dothraki kneel down to her , a if she were a goddess . Jon ’ s people , at least , have no such illusion about their leader .
 ‘ There ’ s no need for a battle . ’
 Sometimes it ’ s possible to avoid death in settling a conflict ; sometimes , it ’ s not .
 King Tommen outlaw trial by combat , much to Cersei ’ s dismay . The boy king reach this decision because he ’ s being manipulated by the High Sparrow and the Faith Militant — who are alerted to the invincibility of Cersei ’ s would-be champion the Mountain when he pull off a Sparrow ’ s head . But Tommen also ha a point : The practice is barbaric .
 However , this sort of pacifism can get you killed in Westeros . But using a threat of violence can be effective in preventing even worse violence . Jaime Lannister manages to significantly reduce the body count at the siege of Riverrun because he threatens his prisoner ’ s baby boy . He lean into his reputation of being a man of dishonor . He tell the truth .
 Sansa and Littlefinger , however , use a web of lie to take the North . Long before Sansa even considers amassing an army , Lord Baelish had plotted how he could use the Knights of the Vale to fight whoever won Winterfell . Littlefinger brings the army north and tell Sansa that they ’ re encamped at Moat Cailin . But Moat Cailin is Bolton territory . That tell u Littlefinger is still playing both side , using his position a an ally of the Boltons while offering to thwart them . This is why Ramsay doesn ’ t seem all that surprised when the Knights of the Vale first show up at the Battle of the Bastards ; the only thing he ’ s really surprised about is the fact that they ’ re fighting for the other side .
 Jon Snow is surprised , too . Because during all their battle plan ( for a battle she instigated ) , Sansa never mentioned the Knights of the Vale a an option . She withheld the crucial strategic information that heavy cavalry wa available , which greatly shifted the balance of power between the Bolton army and the Stark/Snow force . Ramsay Bolton had 6,000 men ; the Knights of the Vale , at full strength , have 40,000 . Even if only a quarter of the Vale force showed up , they still outnumber Ramsay — and that could have forced a surrender . Sansa risk the life of two of her brother and thousand of her own men by not even mentioning these reinforcement a a possibility . Ramsay and Jon were right — there wa never any need for a battle .
 Watching with younger viewer ? Here are some scene you might want to skip in Season 6 .
 Episode 1
 Brienne and Podrick dispatch Ramsay ’ s men ( 20 minute in ; last two minute ) . Ellaria Sand and the Sand Snakes stage a bloody coup — the young Trystane get a spear through the head ( 31 minute in ; last two minute ) .
 Episode 2
 The undead Mountain smash the head of a peasant against a wall ( 14 minute in ) . Ramsay murder his father Roose ( 33 minute in ) , then feed his stepmother Walda and newborn stepbrother to his dog ( offscreen , but still disturbing ) . Then over in Pyke , Euron Greyjoy throw his brother off a bridge ( 44 minute in ) .
 Episode 3
 Ned Stark and his crew take on a few Kingsguard men at the Tower of Joy ( 16 minute in ; last about two-and-a-half minute ) . Jon Snow executes the men who murdered him at Castle Black ( 51 minute in ) .
 Episode 4
 At the Dothraki city of Vaes Dothrak , we see at least one couple having sex in public ( 25 minute in ) ; Jorah and Daario kill two men ( 26 minute in ) ; and Dany flambés Dothraki khals ( 57 minute in ) . She emerges naked from the flame two minute later .
 Episode 5
 After criticism that “ Game of Thrones ” wa skimping on nudity equality , the show offered a close-up of an actor examining his genitals for wart ( 16 minute in ) . The White Walker assault on the Three-Eyed Raven ’ s tree cave claim Summer , the Three-Eyed Raven , Leaf and , most disturbing and heartbreaking , Wylis/Hodor . The action start around 50 minute in .
 Episode 8
 The Hound take an ax to four rogue member of the Brotherhood Without Banners ( 11 minute in ) , and help hang three more of them later ( 49 minute in ) . Over in King ’ s Landing , the Mountain remove a Sparrow ’ s head ( 16 minute in ) .
 Episode 9
 A violent siege take place in Meereen ( start about nine minute in ) . But it ’ s relatively mild compared to the Battle of the Bastards later on in the episode , which start when Ramsay play a game with Rickon ’ s life ( 35 minute in ) . If you want to skip the battle entirely , the main charge is about 40 minute in . The nasty bit with Ramsay ’ s dog come at 59 minute in , but it ’ s mostly offscreen .
 Episode 10
 Cersei ’ s explosive revenge plot kick in about 16 minute in , with the stabbings of Pycelle and Lancel Lannister . Then later Arya slit Walder Frey ’ s throat after serving him a pie made from his son ( 52 minute in ) .
 • A primer . [ NYTimes ]
 • Ramsay Bolton , the most hated man on television . [ NYTimes ]
 • All the Jon Snow lie . [ Vanity Fair ]
 • All the character connection . [ Vulture ]
 • How “ Game of Thrones ” became the most viral show on television . [ Wall Street Journal ]
 • Sound of Thrones . [ California Sunday ]
 • Feast of Thrones . [ Bon Appétit ]
 What did you think of Season 6 ? What wa your reaction when the Sept blew up ? Any burning question ? Send a raven to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com !
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 Bingers , we offer our service once again . We will shield your back and keep your counsel and give our life for yours if need be . Welcome back to our epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch in Season 7 .
 Bye bye , Boltons — your word will disappear , your House will disappear , your name will disappear . All memory of you will disappear ( at least according to Sansa ) — game over . House Stark , what a comeback ! Welcome once again to Winterfell and congrats on the new title . House Lannister might seem solid after the wildfire plot — Cersei got the chair she ’ s always wanted , but she ’ s still isolated , with few friend ( or army ) to support her .
 House Targaryen is the winner this round , a Dany ha friend galore ( House Martell , House Tyrell , rebel Greyjoy , the Dothraki , the Unsullied , three dragon ) , giving her superior number plus air and naval support . She can either host an invasion or a really great party .
 Bran is astonished when he see the confrontation at the Tower of Joy . Not because he is witnessing his father and his bannermen winning a fight against member of the Kingsguard , but because the incident is not happening the way he ha heard that it did “ a thousand time . ”
 The myth of the honorable Ned Stark is the foundation of Bran ’ s family , and part of why the Starks are the hero of this story . But Ned left out some detail , one of them being how Howland Reed stabbed Arthur Dayne in the back . Bran ’ s understanding , for all these year , wa that his father beat “ the best swordsman ” and wa perhaps the better man . Arya , too , get a rude awakening and is forced to adjust her understanding of her father , her sister and the Lannisters after she see a Braavosi play reconstructing the event of King ’ s Landing . Her father — her hero — is portrayed a a buffoon . “ The past is already written , ” the Three-Eyed Raven tell Bran . But it ’ s still open for interpretation , and that will always depend on how the story is told , and by whom .
 Tyrion realizes this when he decides Dany need to take credit for the ( temporary ) peace in Meereen , even though she ha been absent from the city . After all , there are many who perceive Dany a an invader not a liberator , a a sex worker tell Varys . Tyrion recognizes that the Sons of the Harpy have “ a good story , ” so Dany need a better one , perhaps a practice for when they go to Westeros , where once again , she could be perceived a a foreign invader . To that end , he enlists the Red Temple to help sell Dany a the Chosen One .
 Dany is the ultimate example of the fungibility of story . Considered one way , her story sound a lot like Jon Snow ’ s hero arc :
 Her mother dy in childbirth . She ’ s of noble birth , but an outsider . She join up with an unusual group of warrior who give her the opportunity to lead . She find purpose championing another group on the lower rung of society against dark , insidious force that would keep them in thrall . She try to do the right thing , but her own people try to kill her . She experience a mystical event that leaf others in awe , and go on to save people in the direst strait .
 But through a different lens , she ’ s Cersei :
 She grows up without her mother ; her father is killed by someone close to him . Her family is into incest . She ’ s haunted by a witch ’ s prophecy . She ha no problem letting someone kill her brother on her behalf , because she perceives him a a threat to her child . She defines herself a a mother , but she can ’ t really control her savage offspring because they have more power than she doe ( especially that biggest one ) . When thing don ’ t go her way , she threatens to burn city to the ground , and she take violent revenge against the men and woman who ’ ve wronged her or confined her , even if they were not violent toward her . She confines people indefinitely . She executes others without due process . She take control by incinerating her enemy inside their holy temple . She destabilizes . She destroys .
 Which version of Dany will prevail ? It will depend on how her story end .
 At time it seems like she could go either way . She could be on a triumphant journey , or she could be following in the path of her barmy father , the Mad King . At the very least , her tendency should make u uneasy . She imago herself to be a decent person . But a Edmure point out to Jaime Lannister during the siege of Riverrun , “ all of u have to believe that we ’ re decent , don ’ t we ? You have to sleep at night. ” Everyone belief they are the hero of their own tale . But that also make everyone the villain — or buffoon — of someone else ’ s story .
 Hodor , he of the large frame and small vocabulary , wa a figure of fun , not much more than Bran Stark ’ s source of travel plus comic relief . But that wa until his death “ holding the door ” revealed what he had lost long ago , via a time loop that made his service to Bran seem even more tragic . We talked to the actor Kristian Nairn about filming one of the most poignant death scene in Season 6 . ( Adapted from an earlier interview with Nairn . )
 How did you find out about your character ’ s death ?
 I actually found out from a fellow cast member . We get the script pretty much in order of our first appearance in that particular season . I called my friend Finn Jones , who play Loras , and joked , a many of u do every year , “ So , did I make it to the end ? ” I received an awkward silence in reply , so I knew that my number wa up . A few day later , I received the call of doom from David Benioff and Dan Weiss that signal your character ’ s demise , and the rest is history .
 What ’ s your favorite memory from your last day on set ?
 Isaac Hempstead Wright [ who play Bran ] and I have grown very close over the year , and I dreaded the moment of leaving . Our little group — Isaac , Ellie Kendrick , Thomas Brodie-Sangster , Natalia Tena , Art Parkinson and others — felt like a little odd family , so I knew I wa going to miss it . They let Isaac be the one to wrap my last filming day , so that wa definitely a special moment .
 Did you read any of the fan reaction to your character ’ s death ?
 I didn ’ t at the start . It took me a while to feel O.K . with it . It ’ s just a beautiful thing to see a character you worked hard on , and did your best to breathe life into mean so much to so many people . Particularly a character a unique a Hodor wa . It ’ s a humbling experience watching people hurt and cry along to something you have done .
 How do you feel about how Bran approach his power and people now , post-Hodor ? Did he learn his lesson ?
 I ’ m frustrated by that , a Bran ’ s ex-carer . He need to take his study more seriously . If anything come from Hodor dying , it should be that Bran realizes he can affect thing in a major way . By being bored , he killed Hodor , the Raven , Summer and a whole race of tree people . Think about what he ’ s doing ! Like the Raven told him , the ink is dry . The past is not supposed to be tampered with .
 How did being on the show change your career ?
 Not only did it change my career in every conceivable way , but it changed my life ! I wa working a a club DJ when I took the role , and I wa doing pretty well in my field , but “ Game of Thrones ” expanded the field into a planet . It shattered my horizon , even some of my self-imposed one . No matter what happens in life , I will always be eternally grateful for the change it brought , and the continuing opportunity .
 Who had your favorite death on the show and why ?
 Honestly , I would be biased to say my own , but I wa such a fan of our story line . I enjoy a little magic , and ours wa also steeped in mystery . The Red Wedding wa painful to watch , though . Michelle Fairley [ who play Catelyn ] gave a showstopping performance in that scene .
 Is it just u , or did an awful lot of character die in Season 6 ? Fortunately , the many actor culled from the cast were able to find plenty of work elsewhere . ( Although there ’ s no word yet on the baby who played Ramsay ’ s infant brother . ) Here ’ s a memorial survey :
 Alexander Siddig ( Doran Martell ) avoided violence a the Prince of Dorne , but became one of it biggest advocate a the assassin-guild head Ra ’ s al Ghul on “ Gotham . ”
 Ian McShane ( Brother Ray ) ha ascended from Septon to actual god . He ’ s the All-Father Odin — otherwise known a Mr. Wednesday — in “ American Gods. ” And he ’ ll be back in the Gem Saloon on the upcoming “ Deadwood ” movie on HBO .
 Iwan Rheon ( Ramsay Bolton ) played a more complex villain in the short-lived “ Inhumans. ” And recently took a turn a the most mature member ( relatively speaking ) of Mötley Crüe in “ The Dirt . ”
 Natalie Dormer ( Margaery Tyrell ) ha gone from studying scripture with the Faith to raising hell a a shape-shifting demon in the upcoming series “ Penny Dreadful : City of Angels . ”
 Finn Jones ( Loras Tyrell ) bolted from the Sept of Baelor to get back into fighting shape a the lead of the since-canceled Netflix series “ Iron Fist . ”
 Jonathan Pryce ( High Sparrow ) is capitalizing on both his experience playing religious figure and his resemblance to Pope Francis in the upcoming Netflix film “ The Pope . ”
 • Our review of Season 6 . [ NY Times . ]
 • Tyrion , Daenerys , and the Art of the Deal . [ NY Times ]
 • Hodor feel your pain . [ NY Times ]
 • Political resonance . [ New Yorker ]
 • How much violence is too much ? [ Washington Post ]
 • Ageism , sexism , and the Melisandre reveal . [ Atlantic ]
 • Fur is murder : The Starks ’ wardrobe . [ Observer ]
 • The showrunners look back on Season 6 . [ Deadline ]
 • The science of why binging “ Game of Thrones ” brings couple closer together . [ Journal of Social and Personal Relationships ]
 • The biggest mystery on “ Game of Thrones. ” [ Salon ]
 Magic is always mysterious , of course . But the show ’ s version and the book ’ version are very different .
 For one thing , the elemental magic in the book — which is subtle , unreliable and dangerous — ha some set boundary that keep unrealistic situation more realistic , without allowing them to become too concrete . The character are messing with force they don ’ t understand and so most use magic sparingly or accidentally . Because magic ha a price , sometimes to be paid in blood . But Season 6 prefers to use magic in the story in a convenient , ad hoc manner . It want magic that is free and boundless and available for deus ex machina duty . The show violates the rule set out in the book , and sometimes refuse to acknowledge they even exist .
 That scene in the show in which Dany step out of the temple , emerging from the flame naked and unburnt ? That set off a firestorm with fan , because even though that scene hadn ’ t yet happened in the book , it went against what George R.R . Martin had said previously . Dany survives Khal Drogo ’ s funeral pyre ( possibly aided by the witch Mirri Maz Duur ) , but even that fire burn the Khaleesi ’ s hair away . And when Dany is around a fire-breathing Drogon , it burn her hair yet again and give her burn and blister . Dany is also somewhat afraid of Drogon . “ If I run from him , he will burn me and devour me , ” she think , and with good reason . “ TARGARYENS ARE NOT IMMUNE TO FIRE , ” Martin once explained in a webchat ( all cap his ) . In another interview , he clarified further : “ No Targaryens are immune to fire . The thing with Dany and the dragon , that wa just a one-time magical event . ”
 Bran ’ s greenseeing revery also have a limit . Greenseeing is a kind of warging , except it ’ s linking into a network of tree consciousness . The heart tree — the tree with carved face — are spiritual CCTV surveillance camera all around Westeros , and the greenseers using the godswoods became god , gaining a sort of omniscience . The tree don ’ t share the same sense of time a human — their database cover past , present and future . But there are no tree available to help Bran see the vast majority of his vision in Season 6 .
 Bran ’ s vision in the book are augmented by becoming the tree — or rather , eating a white paste with red streak that look like blood , said to come from weirwood seed ( and believed by some to actually be the blood of Jojen Reed ) . As in the show , Bran start to discover that he can reach out to people in the past during these vision . When he say , “ Winterfell , ” Ned look up . “ Who ’ s there ? ” he asks . But Bran ’ s voice sound like a whisper in the wind , a rustle in the leaf . Theon hears the wind whisper “ Theon ” when he ’ s in the godswood , and it ’ s therapeutic . ( “ Let me die a Theon , not a Reek , ” he prays . ) “ Words are wind ” is a common phrase in Westeros — so common Martin ’ s editor tried to get him to cut the number of time it ’ s used in the book . Martin refused , though , possibly because this connection between word and wind is foreshadowing a larger part of the story yet to come .
 Bran isn ’ t the only Stark with magical ability , but his are the most developed . Both Jon and Arya are able to warg into their direwolves , mostly though what they think of a “ wolf dreams. ” The direwolves also share a telepathic link of some sort , and this connection could benefit their human , once the Stark kid learn to master their ability . In the book , Arya get a boost while blind in Braavos , which is much le about being attacked with stick ( a it is in the show ) and more about developing her other sens . Instead of getting kicked out of the House of Black and White , Arya continues her class . A cat follows her one night , and through it eye , she is able to cheat on her midterm and earn her sight back .
 Both Bran and Arya are taking beginner ’ s magic , of a sort . The more advanced Melisandre studied long ago , and she pay the price for using her power in the form of physical pain . ( The ruby at her throat burn her . Blood trickle down her thigh , black and smoking . ) Euron Greyjoy , too , is a practitioner of dark magic in the book . He doesn ’ t merely seek a marriage alliance with Dany , a he want to do in Season 6 ; he plan to bind her dragon to his will . He ha a magical horn for this purpose , but it requires blood , too — whoever blow it will die .
 Recipients of magic also suffer . Jon Snow ’ s resurrection hasn ’ t happened in the book yet , but Beric Dondarrion ’ s experience give u a preview — being resurrected from the dead ha consequence . Beric loses his memory and feel le himself each time . When it happens to Jon Snow in the book , he won ’ t recover a quickly a he doe on the show .
 “ Magic can ruin thing , ” Martin said in an interview . “ Magic should never be the solution . Magic can be part of the problem. ” As one of his character explains , “ Sorcery is a sword without a hilt . There is no safe way to grasp it. ” The show is grasping it with both hand and trying to hide the blood .
 This week , reader wanted to know more about the undead uncle , Benjen Stark .
 “ How ha Benjen remained dead but free of the influence of the White Walkers ? ” — Carrie Leadingham
 “ Benjen is severely underused . He did not need to sacrifice his undead life to save Jon . There wa room for two on that horse . But really , why didn ’ t the showrunners use White Walker Benjen more ? ” — Grace Green
 Yes , Uncle Benjen wa the Jack to Jon Snow ’ s Rose , and his horse wa the raft . But sadly , like in “ Titanic , ” the powers-that-be decided that one life wa more valuable — or more interesting ? — than the other . If “ alive ” is even how we should describe the state of Benjen ’ s existence . ( He ’ s still human , though , not a White Walker . ) As Benjen explains it in the show , a White Walker stabbed him in the gut with a sword of ice , and left him there to die , to turn into a wight . The Children of the Forest “ stopped the Walkers ’ magic from taking hold ” by shoving dragonglass in his heart . Dragonglass — which seems to be a magical cure-all — can create a White Walker , kill a White Walker , kill a wight and prevent someone from becoming a wight . Perhaps it ’ s like electricity : A little light something up , a surge can make it explode ? Either way , it left Benjen in this in-between state , both dead and not dead .
 Benjen seems bound in service to the Three-Eyed Raven ’ s mission . How doe Benjen know where to find everyone ? There is a lot about Benjen we don ’ t know , but we can get a few more clue with Coldhands , a mysterious character in the book . ( George R.R . Martin ha claimed Benjen is not Coldhands , but the showrunners refer to Benjen a Coldhands in an “ Inside the Episode ” piece . ) For instance , Coldhands is able to speak the True Tongue , the language of the Children . He also can speak with raven , understanding their squawk and using them a scout . Cool , huh ? The showrunners decided , however , they didn ’ t have room to explore this . Uncle Benjen ’ s purpose , David Benioff said in another “ Inside the Episode ” piece , is to save Bran and Jon . In other word , he ’ s not a fully realized character .
 Zigzag , Rickon !
 Jon Snow , or Jon Slow ?
 Princess Rap Battle : Daenerys vs. Maleficent .
 Don ’ t hold the door .
 Dany at Starbucks .
 Khal Drogo writes to Drogon .
 Joffrey vogue .
 CNN take the politics of Westeros seriously .
 “ Don ’ t start with me on day one , Tyrion . ”
 Check your inbox on Monday for a look at Season 7 .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 I see a darkness in your binge , and in that darkness , eye staring back at me . Brown eye , blue eye , green eye . Eyes you ’ ll binge forever .
 Welcome back to our guide through an epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up on Season 1 or Season 2 first , or pray to the Lord of Light a we resurrect Season 3 .
 Novices beware : This newsletter is dark and full of spoiler . And now our watch continues .
 If you want to catch up fast , concentrate on the installment that are central to the famously complicated plot and the one that provide all the fact and feel . These are four must-watch episode of Season 3 .
 Episode 1 , “ Valar Dohaeris , ” for the reset of where most of the character are on the map and a demonstration of some new , necessary relationship ( Tywin and his pen pal , Margaery and the people ) . Plus : our first giant . ( Don ’ t stare too long ; they ’ re shy . )
 Episode 5 , “ Kissed by Fire , ” a rather warm entry with heartwarming moment ( Shireen ) and romance ( Jon and Ygritte ) , a several folk discover bath time and take the plunge . Also : smirk along with ( or at ? ) Cersei a we sort through the tangled web of Lannister/Tyrell/Stark marriage-alliance plot .
 Episode 8 , “ Second Sons , ” to attend a royal wedding where no one dy , although Cersei doe drop a death threat on a Tyrell in the Sept of Baelor . Foreshadowing ! Bonus : Sam Tarly becomes Sam the Slayer .
 Episode 9 , “ The Rains of Castamere , ” because it ’ s a nice day for a Red Wedding . Scream , cry and say goodbye to some sadly unsuspecting Starks . Also try not to choke up when Bran wargs Hodor for the first time , or Rickon and Osha leave . The heartbreak !
 The War of the Five Kings ha lost one king but remains in full swing , with three of the seven kingdom in open rebellion . Plots are in place to remove another king from the board by the end of the season , but there are so many plot , counterplot , and untrustworthy type lurking about , it ’ s hard to keep track . Focusing on these might help :
 Calling Child Protective Services
 An awful lot of child in Westeros and Essos get mistreated — molested , murdered , sold or sacrificed ( a we learn the daughter-raping Craster ha done with his 99 son , and would have done with his 100th , Gilly ’ s baby ) . Some 8,000 newborn were killed in Astapor because slave master wanted to prove their eunuch soldier had no sense of empathy . Other child are orphaned when their parent are killed in one or another war .
 Few kid can fend for themselves — the Stark child survive primarily because they have guardian who step in and take care of them . ( The Hound isn ’ t a bad babysitter ! ) We don ’ t know yet what kind of parental substitute the White Walkers are , but you ’ d figure they have to be better than Craster . ( They at least show an interest . ) No wonder Dany develops a savior complex — there are so many child in this brutal world who desperately need saving .
 Spy vs. Spy
 Spies are everywhere . Jon Snow go undercover with the Free Folk a a defector ( and doesn ’ t fully fool them ) . Varys convinces Ros to spy on Littlefinger ( or perhaps she lured him in , looking to spill some valuable info about her bos ’ s travel plan ) . Varys then try to thwart Littlefinger by plotting with the Tyrells , but Littlefinger ’ s prostitute Olyvar easily seduces Loras Tyrell and report back . Key bit of intel : Loras is set to marry … someone . Littlefinger concludes that the someone is Sansa and alert the Lannisters , leading to Tywin ’ s strategic matchmaking of Cersei with Loras and Tyrion with Sansa , which none of them are happy about . ( Littlefinger give Ros to Joffrey , which doesn ’ t end well . )
 Even though Jorah Mormont is no longer a spy , he ’ s clearly worried that new Team Dany member Barristan Selmy know he wa , and could use that fact against him . And the ultimate spymaster in all of Westeros , of course , is the Three-Eyed Raven , who recruit Jojen Reed and Bran Stark for his mysterious purpose . At least Jon , Ros , Olyvar and Jorah know the risk of their espionage : Bran ha no idea what ’ s in store for him . ( “ The raven is you ” doe not count . )
 Red Wedding RSVPs
 When did the plan for the Red Wedding coalesce ? The Frey alliance with the Starks wa in tatter by the end of Season 2 , but they didn ’ t plan it alone .
 When did Tywin Lannister get in on the action ? Clues come early in Season 3 , when he embarks on a correspondence spree . ( Notice that when both Tyrion and Cersei come to visit him , he is preoccupied with writing letter ) . Tywin ’ s first missive would most likely be to the Freys , who want revenge on the Starks and an end to the war in the Riverlands .
 What about Roose Bolton ? The first dodgy sign come when he doesn ’ t tell the Starks that Ramsay ha captured Theon — with the Stark position weakening , Roose probably decided to start keeping his option open . When his hunter return with Jaime Lannister ( and Brienne ) , those option become clearer : He can alert Robb and help resolve issue with Lord Karstark , or he can alert Tywin , and gain a favor from the crown . So for the second time , Roose neglect to inform the Starks about a prisoner they seek .
 While Jaime and Brienne are in Bolton ’ s custody , Tywin start talking about Sansa being “ the key to the North. ” It would seem Tywin is more secure with his plan to remove Robb — perhaps because he now know the whereabouts of his son . Only after this do the Freys bring new term to the Starks , at which point Roose decides to free Jaime . Coincidence ?
 Save the Date
 Joffrey ’ s nuptials won ’ t happen until Season 4 , but the conspirator begin their conspiring here in Season 3 . It take a lot to plan a murder at a royal wedding — you have to order the flower , the cake , the poison …
 Early on , Olenna Tyrell question Sansa about what Joffrey ’ s really like , possibly to clarify her thought about a course of action . And with all the Sansa-swapping scheme being bandied about , it must have also occurred to the Queen of Thorns that a swap would be beneficial for Margaery ’ s sake a well — her granddaughter would still be able to marry Joff ’ s gentler brother Tommen , who would ascend to the throne , if say , Joffrey were removed from power before consummating any marriage . That is , if the Tyrell-Lannister alliance remains intact , and if the Lannisters still need the Tyrells more than the Tyrells need the Lannisters . And so Olenna offer a few concession to Tyrion and Tywin — offering to pay for half of the royal wedding ( after Tyrion object to it cost ) and agreeing to a Loras-Cersei marriage alliance , for now at least .
 We don ’ t see Olenna interact with Littlefinger at all this season — they ’ re careful , these two . But Varys doe tell her that Littlefinger is “ the most dangerous man in Westeros. ” Who better to help plan a regicide ?
 White Walker Art Installations
 “ Always the artist , ” Mance Rayder grumble when he find disassembled horse corps at the First of the First Men . ( Sam also find a man with his head in his lap . ) Either the White Walkers really have a lot of time on their hand , or they ’ re trying to send a message . But what is it ? We ’ ll later see some of these same spiral and geometric pattern in cave painting and stone circle made by the Children of the Forest , which underline the connection between the two specie . Are the White Walkers ’ art piece a memory or mockery of their creator ? A warning to human ? A ritual form of worship ? Yelp review ? In order to defeat them , we ’ ll need to understand them .
 Crucifixion and torture , Episodes 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 7 , 10
 If you don ’ t share Ramsay ’ s taste for sadism , skip his slicing , dicing and psychosexual mutilation of Theon , mostly while the poor devil is strapped to a saltire cross . Basically , any time you see Ramsay , fast forward and explain that he break Theon and turn him into a groveling slave called Reek . Done ? Done .
 Also potentially hard to take : the sight of the men crucified along Astapor ’ s Walk of Punishment . The shot come about 30 minute into Episode 3 and last a little over two minute , with most of the miserable victim remaining in the background .
 Twin rebellion beyond the Wall and in Essos , Episode 4
 The Night ’ s Watch mutiny is sudden and brutal . ( The first blow take place around 41 minute into the episode , and last two minute . ) Dany ’ s sack of Astapor , while empowering , is also quite violent — she incinerates a man and order mass murder . ( The incineration start at around 51 minute into the episode , and last about a minute ) .
 Sexy time , Episodes 5 , 7 and 8
 Jon and Ygritte have a date night ( the cave scene arrives about 11 minute into Episode 5 and last about three minute ) . Loras and Olyvar share some pillow talk ( around 52 minute into Episode 5 , last about a minute ) . Robb and Talisa leave war behind for one night ( about 7 minute into Episode 7 , last about four minute ) . Melisandre get Gendry ’ s blood up ( she start to seduce him about 30 minute into Episode 8 , and the leech are clear of all private part three and a half minute later ) .
 Red Wedding , Episodes 9 , 10
 Everything seems fine until the band play the Lannister theme song . If you ’ d rather skip the slaughter , it start at about 46 minute into Episode 9 and go until the end , picking up again for a couple minute more at the beginning of Episode 10 .
 • A season three preview .
 • How “ Game of Thrones ” became the most important show .
 • Set-jetting to show location .
 • The first major premiere event .
 • The new spoiler culture .
 We want to hear from you ! What did you think of Season 3 at the time ? What wa your favorite scene ? What wa your own Red Wedding reaction ? Email u at gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 By THE NEW YORK TIMES UPDATED Apr 16 , 2019

 Sure , there are only six episode left of “ Game of Thrones , ” but they will be really , really long . The first two episode of the season , which begin on April 14 , will last just under an hour . But starting with Episode 3 , the remaining installment each will last around 80 minute . Check back for weekly recap each Sunday night .
 ➵ Full Recap : Dragon Rides and Awkward Reunions➵ So Who ’ s Able to Ride a Dragon ? ➵ What Is the Golden Company ? And Where Are Those Elephants ? ➵ Sophie Turner , Maisie Williams and Isaac Hempstead Wright discus Sunday ’ s reunion
 Episode 2 will air on April 21 .
 Sure there ’ s a big zombie battle coming soon to settle , you know , the fate of humankind . But there ’ s also the little matter of the actual game of throne .
 As with most game , there are plenty of place ready and willing to make it a little more interesting , a they say . These are the top 12 contender to rule the realm at the end of “ Game of Thrones , ” ranked in order of probability , according to the gambling site OddsShark , a of April 15 .
 1 . Jon Snow
 Odds : 2.25:1
 Jon is the New England Patriots of this contest : The obvious favorite and most boring choice . But the Patriots have lost a many Super Bowls a they ’ ve won .
 2 . Bran Stark
 Odds : 2.75:1
 How is Bran a favorite ? He can ’ t fight or even carry on a functional conversation — how could he possibly beat out everyone else for the throne ? But couldn ’ t that also be an argument in his favor on a show that ha consistently striven for surprise ? Bran ’ s egoless omniscience could be just what the realm need after year of toxically self-interested and vindictive leadership . All hail King Three-Eye , the first of his name .
 3 . Sansa Stark
 Odds : 5:1
 Once one of the most feckless people in this story , Sansa might actually be the best equipped to rule the Seven Kingdoms at this point . But given how thing went for her the last time she wa in King ’ s Landing , would she want to go back ? The case in favor : She ’ s shown a desire to lead , in her interaction with Jon at Winterfell , and she can be ice-cold when it ’ s called for , a with the execution of Ramsay and Littlefinger .
 4 . Daenerys Targaryen
 Odds : 5.5:1
 She ha dragon and the strongest will to power , aside from perhaps the irredeemably doomed Cersei . But she ’ s also shown enough of her father ’ s crazy streak to make you wonder if she ’ ll self-destruct before she win the big prize .
 5 . Gendry
 Odds : 6.5:1
 He rowed for like four year and ha the gun to prove it . His Baratheon blood also give him a decent claim on the throne . But are they really going to give it to a guy who ’ s had maybe 11 minute of screen time ?
 6 . Littlefinger
 Odds : 12.5:1
 Wait , didn ’ t we just say he ’ d been executed ? A theory making the round online maintains that the man we saw Arya kill in the Season 7 finale wa not actually Littlefinger , but a Faceless Man he hired to take his place . ( Exhibit A is a brief scene in Season 7 in which he give a woman a coin , just like Arya did when she fled for Braavos . ) Stranger thing have happened on this show , I guess . At any rate , the interest in this ha apparently been strong enough to get him on the board .
 7 . The Night King
 Odds : 15:1
 The popular choice among nihilist and environmentalist who have gone all-in on the White-Walkers-as-climate-change metaphor . But George R.R . Martin ha said the ending will be “ bittersweet , ” not “ weird and deflating . ''
 8 . Tyrion Lannister
 Odds : 15:1
 He 's come a long way from his drinking and knowing thing day . But doesn ’ t the final act of his moral awakening seem destined to be a noble , gut-wrenching sacrifice ?
 9 . Arya Stark
 Odds : 20:1
 She ’ s a fighter not a ruler .
 10 . Samwell Tarly
 Odds : 20:1
 He ’ s a writer not a ruler .
 11 . Jonerys offspring to be named later
 Odds : 25:1
 The Season 7 finale suggested that Dany might get pregnant with her nephew Jon 's child , and with that bloodline , the tyke would be one of the most powerful people in this story . But based on the reign of Joffrey and Tommen , the show seems to take a dim view of incest baby ruler .
 12 . Cersei Lannister
 Odds : 25:1
 In her black heart of heart , not even Cersei expects Cersei to survive the season .
 By Jeremy Egner April 14 , 2019
 By James Poniewozik April 12 , 2019
 By Jeremy Egner April 5 , 2019
 By John Koblin April 5 , 2019
 By Jeremy Egner April 4 , 2019
 By Jeremy Egner April 3 , 2019
 George R. R. Martin , Fantasy ’ s Reigning KingGeorge R. R. Martin Answers Times Staffers ’ Burning Questions “ Game of Thrones ” Deaths : Every Major One So FarLena Headey Has Her Own Power MovesRamsay Bolton Is the Most Hated Man on TVSophie Turner and Maisie Williams Have Grown Up on “ Game of Thrones ”
 Families can be complicated , even when you ’ re not sleeping with your relative . But when “ the snow fall and the white wind blow , ” Sansa told Arya , quoting their father , “ the lone wolf dy , but the pack survives . ”
 Season 7 Rewatching GuideSeason 7 In-Depth Analysis
 Jon and Dany finally meet , sparking a battle of royal title . And it ’ s payback time for the murder of Joffrey and Myrcella . Bonus : Bran show u how creepy he can be . ( Is he watching all of the show ’ s sex scene ? ) Read our recap ➵
 For spectacular action scene both large ( Dany , Drogon and the Dothraki taking on the Lannister loot train ) and small ( Arya sparring with Brienne ) . Also , what is wrong with Bran ? ! Poor Meera . Read our recap ➵
 Remember how thrilling it seemed the first time our magnificent-seven raiding party risked everything to bring back proof of the wight for Cersei ? Good time . Now revisit the despair of learning that their loss were for naught . Cry for Thoros . Cry for Viserion . Cry , cry . Read our recap ➵
 Try to stir up some hope for the dragon-pit summit – a chance for the best people of Westeros to come together for the sake of humanity ’ s survival , even if the effort might be doomed and Viserion can still make short work of the Wall . Plus : Stark power activate ! Goodbye , Littlefinger . Read our recap ➵
 Episode 1 , “ Dragonstone ” RecapEpisode 2 , “ Stormborn ” RecapEpisode 5 , “ Eastwatch ” Recap
 Powerful woman have come to the fore . But one character ’ s trajectory seems to be the exception to the feminist revolution remaking this story . Meanwhile , The North , led by the excellent Lady Mormont , is finally rallying around Jon . “ The blood of Ned Stark run through his vein , ” Lady Mormont said . Yeah… about that…
 Season 6 Rewatching GuideSeason 6 In-Depth Analysis
 Visit Winterfell in happier day , when Hodor could speak . Take a deep breath and exhale with Jon when he come back ( a he always doe ) . Plus : It ’ s kin-slaying time in Winterfell and the Iron Islands . Read our recap ➵
 Because Bran ’ s vision quest into the past take their toll and Hodor pay the price . ( Or did he pay it long ago ? Time travel is so confusing ! ) Bonus : Welcome a new villain , Euron Greyjoy , who promise to be more fun than Ramsay . Read our recap ➵
 It ’ s time to take back Winterfell ( and yell at Rickon to zig-zag ) . Smile along with Sansa when Ramsay provides one last meal for his beloved dog . Read our recap ➵
 Cersei ha a blast wiping out her enemy and claiming the throne in a sequence with unforgettable sound and vision . Also , R+L=J confirmed . Have a little Frey pie ? Read our recap ➵
 Episode 1 , “ The Red Woman ” RecapEpisode 3 , “ Oathbreaker ” RecapEpisode 4 , “ Book of the Stranger ” RecapEpisode 6 , “ Blood Of My Blood ” RecapEpisode 7 , “ The Broken Man ” RecapEpisode 8 , “ No One ” Recap
 Tyrion , Daenerys and the Art of the DealIn “ Game of Thrones , ” the Pleasures of a Quickened Pace “ Game of Thrones ” Has Moved Past Its Blueprint , and That ’ s a Good Thing
 We asked reader how and when they started watching “ Game of Thrones. ” Thank you to everyone who wrote in : We love hearing about your “ Thrones ” obsession . Here ’ s a small selection of reader memory , lightly edited for clarity .
 ‘ A Bonding Thing ’
 My son Ben , then 16 , wanted me to watch “ Game of Thrones ” with him when it first started . I thought it wa about a video game . We had watched “ The Tudors ” together , with me covering his eye for the naked part . I made a plot diagram of the first book , which my son thought wa quaint . “ You know , Mom , they have those on the internet. ” He ’ s 23 now . It ’ s been a bonding thing for u .
 —Miriam Louise Fisher , Fulton , Md .
 Sick Day
 I watched all of Season 1 with my wife in one day … the day after Super Bowl 46 . I ’ m a Ravens fan , and the Ravens had just lost the AFC Championship in brutal fashion , and in order to get myself through the big game , I drank myself stupid with a friend . Needless to say , my wife and I called out sick on Monday and said , “ Let ’ s try this ‘ Game of Thrones ’ show. ” Ten hour and two food delivery later , we were done with Season 1 .
 —Ben Livingston , Columbia , Md .
 A Presidential Pardon
 I kept seeing reference to “ Game of Thrones ” and whether Jon Snow wa alive or dead . Then , I read that Barack Obama had approached somebody affiliated with the show at a Hollywood fundraiser and asked them about Snow . So , that did it . I decided to find out what the fuss wa about . I ordered the Season 1 DVDs from Netflix , and soon my husband and I were binge watching . I finally gave in and subscribed to HBO for Season 7 , something I had avoided for year and year . Sigh . Now , I ’ ve read all the book and own a large book of map of Westeros .
 —Katherine Benson , Rome , Ga .
 Shame of ‘ Thrones ’
 I started watching it during Season 4 because my friend were raving about the gorgeous scenery from Iceland and Croatia . We are in our late 50 , long past our day of unicorn and princess . Reluctantly , I started watching . Overall , I wa terribly alarmed by the universe of moral ambivalence . It seemed like such a vivid parallel for today ’ s world . Now the show ha become a ridiculous addiction that I dare not admit to my family or friend , but it is so fascinating and chilling that I can ’ t help myself .
 —Livia Hart , Denver
 Season 5 involves many character attempting to learn to rule , often in the face of intransigent foe — religious fanatic , political insurgent , army of the dead . ( Diplomacy is not an option with White Walkers ) .
 Season 5 Rewatching GuideSeason 5 In-Depth Analysis
 To savor the show ’ s first flashback , revealing that there wa a time when Cersei actually had friend ! To untangle the clue regarding King Robert ’ s death . To cuddle with the Unsullied . To unpack Tyrion ’ s crate and Varys ’ s plan , and to drink to the future of Westeros . Read our recap ➵
 Delve into the rise of radical movement in both King ’ s Landing and Meereen , provoked in both place by the action ( or inaction ) of their respective queen . Bonus : Lots of Rhaegar and Lyanna tidbit . Read our recap ➵
 An episode thick with emotion , from the intimation of doom surrounding Shireen ’ s BBQ to the sheer exhilaration of Dany ’ s takeoff from the fighting pit . Read our recap ➵
 This one is jam-packed . Sansa escape . Arya overkill . Cersei walk . And – oh no ! – Jon dy . ( For now . ) Read our recap ➵
 Episode 2 , “ The House of Black and White ” RecapEpisode 3 , “ High Sparrow ” RecapQ & A with Sophie Turner on Sansa ’ s New MonsterEpisode 5 , “ Kill the Boy ” RecapEpisode 6 , “ Unbowed , Unbent , Unbroken ” RecapEpisode 7 , “ The Gift ” RecapEpisode 8 , “ Hardhome ” Recap
 Having run out of Starks to kill ( for the moment ) , the Lannisters spend Season 4 turning on one another instead . Not even the family ’ s first Valyrian steel sword — two of them , forged from Ned Stark ’ s enormous one — can bring any harmony . ( In fact they foreshadow the internal division to come . )
 Season 4 Rewatching GuideSeason 4 In-Depth Analysis
 For a front-row seat at the most exclusive ticket in town , the Purple Wedding . You ’ ll laugh , you ’ ll cry , you ’ ll eat some pie . Plus , all the banter between the wedding guest is good fun . Another plus : Melisandre practice burning Stannis ’ s family member alive . It ’ s okay to start cry for Shireen now . Read our recap ➵
 Because you can not give up on the gravy ! Nor should you give up on Tyrion , not when Oberyn ’ s around . Bonus : Littlefinger and Lysa finally break up . Read our recap ➵
 To dissect several crucial decision made regarding Lysa ’ s murder , Jorah ’ s spy game and Tyrion ’ s trial by combat ( notice Oberyn ’ s assistant slicking his spear with poison ) . Enjoy Oberyn going full Inigo Montoya on the Mountain , and try not to scream when the squashing start . Read our recap ➵
 To watch Tywin ’ s beloved Lannister legacy go down the toilet . To cheer on the knock-down , drag-out , ear-biting battle between Brienne and the Hound , both trying to protect a dead-eyed girl who doesn ’ t need that kind of protection . To agonize over the human cost of getting Team Bran to the Three-Eyed Raven ’ s cave . And to soar along with the Stark child ’ s hope for their new career path . ( Assassin school/tree wizard school , here we come ! ) Read our recap ➵
 Episode 1 , “ Two Swords ” RecapEpisode 3 , “ Breaker of Chains ” RecapEpisode 4 , “ Oathkeeper ” RecapEpisode 5 , “ First of His Name ” RecapEpisode 6 , “ The Laws of Gods and Men ” RecapEpisode 9 , “ The Watchers on the Wall ” Recap
 The War of the Five Kings ha lost one king but remains in full swing , with three of the seven kingdom in open rebellion . Joffrey ’ s nuptials don ’ t happen until Season 4 , but the conspirator begin their conspiring here in Season 3 .
 Season 3 Full RecapSeason 3 Rewatching GuideSeason 3 In-Depth Analysis
 For the reset of where most of the character are on the map and a demonstration of some new , necessary relationship ( Tywin and his pen pal , Margaery and the people ) . Plus : our first giant . Don ’ t stare too long ; they ’ re shy .
 A rather warm entry with heartwarming moment ( Shireen ) and romance ( Jon and Ygritte ) , a several folk discover bath time and take the plunge . Also : smirk along with ( or at ? ) Cersei a we sort through the tangled web of Lannister/Tyrell/Stark marriage-alliance plot .
 To attend a royal wedding where no one dy , although Cersei doe drop a death threat on a Tyrell in the Sept of Baelor . Foreshadowing ! Bonus : Sam Tarly becomes Sam the Slayer .
 Because it ’ s a nice day for a Red Wedding . Scream , cry and say goodbye to some sadly unsuspecting Starks . Also try not to choke up when Bran wargs Hodor for the first time , or Rickon and Osha leave . The heartbreak !
 Season 3 Critic ’ s Notebook : New Cable Cabals to UntangleFollowing “ Game of Thrones ” to Belfast and BeyondSoaring Like Dragons : See the First Major Premiere Event
 Chaos and civil war erupt across Westeros after King Robert ’ s death , a the reality set in that the petulant King Joffrey is in charge . Almost no one is happy about it , and the thin-skinned tyrant is too interested in bizarre cruelty , casual misogyny and ego massage to actually govern .
 Season 2 Full RecapSeason 2 Rewatching GuideSeason 2 In-Depth Analysis
 For a crash course on all the different faction , a whistled “ Rains of Castamere , ” the Citadel ’ s weather report , a beach BBQ and Stannis putting the Lannister twincest on blast .
 For an examination of code of conduct in time of war ( compare attitude held by Stannis , Roose , Robb , Tyrion and Tywin ) . Extra fun : Shadow baby !
 In which we get the first major onscreen battle of the series , a song from Bronn , a rousing speech from Tyrion and some major snottiness from Joffrey . Bonus : Cersei try to get Sansa drunk .
 Because it ’ s chock-full of magic trick . Visions and dragon fire in the House of the Undying , vision in Melisandre ’ s flame , a Faceless Men face-lift and the army of the dead . Three blast !
 Our Critic ’ s Preview of Season 2Peter Dinklage Was Smart to Say NoMore TV Shows Should Be Like “ Game of Thrones ” ( Vulture ) George R.R . Martin on the Real Iron Throne ( Livejournal.com ) Season 2 Is Better for Female Characters ( Thinkprogress.org )
 The most striking part of going back through “ Game of Thrones ” is all the foreshadowing : So many thing that might have felt unremarkable the first time around have since taken on new importance . ( Especially from Episode 1 . Pay close attention to Episode 1 ! )
 Season 1 Full RecapSeason 1 Rewatching GuideSeason 1 In-Depth Analysis
 Because it ’ s the last time you ’ ll see all the Starks a one big ( mostly ) happy family . Try not to choke up when you spot Hodor , or when Rickon run up to Jon to hand him arrow . Also : baby direwolves .
 For a reminder of how Jaime Lannister ha been trying to tell everyone about that business with the Mad King ALL ALONG . Extra fun : Tyrion go to the top of the Wall and cross something off his bucket list .
 Delves into the touchy question of succession and set into play the War of the Five Kings . Also : Dany go wine tasting .
 For the excellent opportunity it offer to scream at the screen . Bonus : Tyrion bond with Bronn and Shae during a drinking game .
 Read The Times ’ s ( infamous ) “ Thrones ” PanGeorge R. R. Martin Talks “ Game of Thrones ” Before the Show ’ s Debut
 Produced by Alicia DeSantis , Jeremy Egner , Josephine Sedgwick , Umi Syam and Jennifer Vineyard . Jeremy is our TV editor and ha been writing about Game of Thrones since 2011 . Jennifer ha been writing our GOT newsletter all season . Alicia and Umi designed and built the page , and are both avid fan since the beginning , while Josie had just started watching because of this project . She is now only at Season 1 , Episode 4 . Her HBO free trial is expired .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 Peace never last , my dear . Here mark the end of our epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide .
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives Sunday on HBO , so beginning next week , we will be breaking down each episode of Season 8 with interview , explainers and more , delivered to your inbox each Tuesday morning . Haven ’ t signed up yet our recap to your inbox yet ? You can do so here .
 Littlefinger , you lost . Don ’ t know why you gave that dagger to Bran — you were just asking for trouble . House Targaryen , you were the leading force , but then you lost most of your ally and one of your key asset ( R.I.P. , Viserion ) .
 House Stark , congrats on the new incest-y alliance ! All the dragonglass is yours . House Lannister , you ’ ve held your position and outsmarted your enemy .
 But this round actually go to the Night King , who seems to have anticipated or manipulated event to snag a dragon and bring down the Wall . And every time the other Houses fight among themselves , he ha a chance to “ recruit ” more reinforcement .
 “ Don ’ t go where your enemy lead you , ” Brienne warns Pod during one of their sparring session . If only more people listened to Brienne ! Sadly , though , many character fall for such trap this season , whether psychological , familial , political , magical or a devious combination thereof . Arya and Sansa buy into Littlefinger ’ s flimsy scheme ( at least until they compare note with the all-seeing Bran ) . Team Living fall prey to the Night King ’ s ingenious scam to score a dragon . He wa ready .
 Our human war counsel and army , however , need to be on top of thing , too . Sure , both Dany and Cersei had their military adviser and elaborate map , but they need to be prepared to anticipate the other ’ s action and respond effectively , a Tyrion put it , They need to think several move ahead , a Littlefinger advises : “ Fight every battle everywhere , always , in your mind . ”
 [ Interested in getting suggestion on what to watch ? Sign up for the Watching newsletter , which we send out every Monday and Friday . ]
 That ’ s what Cersei doe . Standing on the map , she see clearly what deep trouble she ’ s in . Enemies to the east — Dany at Dragonstone . Enemies to the south — Ellaria Sand and the Dornish rebel . Enemies to the west — Olenna Tyrell and the Reach . Enemies to the north — the Starks and the Northern lord . Isolated and in debt , Cersei realizes she need more ally , so she enlists Euron Greyjoy and his fleet . She also wage a PR war , hammering home the argument that Dany is like her father , the Mad King , who had to be deposed , and that she ’ s a foreign invader , leading an army of savage . She tell the people that the Dothraki will burn their village to the ground ( never mind that Cersei herself burned the Sept to the ground ) . She doesn ’ t need to create fake news — Dany ’ s past behavior is enough to make Cersei sound like the better option .
 But even with the new ally she ’ s able to recruit — the Greyjoy fleet , the Tarlys of the Reach — Cersei still doesn ’ t have the number . What her side doe have , though , is the element of surprise . Euron Greyjoy ambush the rebel Greyjoy fleet sailing from Dragonstone to Sunspear . Perhaps if Dany ’ s war council had looked at a map before setting sail from Meereen , they might have decided to land in Sunspear first , which is on the way to the more predictable destination of Dragonstone . If Dany had been willing to skip the symbolic move of landing at the place where she wa born , she might still have a fleet .
 The Lannisters ’ next surprise involves emptying Casterly Rock and relocating the majority of their force to Highgarden . Casterly Rock , with it empty goldmine , hasn ’ t counted for much in age — except to Tyrion , who see it a his inheritance and is using Dany to take it . ( Did he not learn during his stint a Master of Coin that it wa mined out ? ) So it ’ s the perfect bait for Tyrion , who decides to split Dany ’ s force to stage two operation on opposite side of Westeros , both of them near hostile water . Why doe he not see this on the map ? Why doe no one suggest they use the dragon for aerial reconnaissance ? Tyrion ’ s plan is built on avoiding the perception that Dany is a foreign invader , when they should be embracing it , wearing it like armor . They could fuse ground , air and naval force , and demonstrate a united coalition . When Dany take matter into her own hand and rethink these tactic , she finally win a battle .
 Dany ’ s M.O . in Slaver ’ s Bay wa to play the liberator — extreme violence , she could argue , wa warranted against tyrannical oppressor . And what is Cersei , if not a tyrant ? But Dany ’ s speech to the survivor of the loot-train attack make her sound like another tyrant : Bend the knee and join me . Refuse and die . How is that breaking the wheel ? No wonder Randyll and Dickon Tarly opt out . As Tyrion keep trying to point out , it would be better to offer more possibility — imprisonment , the Night ’ s Watch , even exile . Give people of Westeros a real choice . Killing the Tarlys only reinforces Dany ’ s dreadful rep .
 Dany ’ s biggest mistake , then , include failing to seek a swift and decisive victory ; failing to neutralize a weaker enemy ; failing to listen to Yara , who ha the most military experience ; failing to engage in the necessary battle of public relation ; failing to give other Houses a reason to rally behind her ; and failing to think beyond limited binary construct . She think she can be either a villain or a hero — queen of the ash or hope for a better world . Use dragon to burn down city , or not use them at all — she never considers other way to press her advantage . She could fly directly to the Red Keep and target Cersei — and only Cersei — with a surgical strike . Do a few flyover to impress or intimidate — but not incinerate — the rest of the nobility . Use the Dothraki to prevent the Lannister army from leaving King ’ s Landing at all . Or consider economic and diplomatic strategy , the way Cersei doe .
 Dany ’ s next mistake , underestimating both the Night King and Cersei , is to agree to the wight hunt , and then risk all three dragon for a rescue operation for which she had limited intel . She should have focused on taking Cersei out of the equation . Instead , Dany fall for yet another trap and hand over a powerful weapon to an enemy who ha more creative way to use a dragon
 Cersei ’ s one last burst of duplicity will be another surprise — no troop to help against the White Walkers ! It underscore the fact that Tyrion can not think several move ahead of his own sister . Can Jaime ?
 Thoros of Myr , the alcoholic warrior-priest , gave Beric Dondarrion a series of resurrection but ultimately succumbed to death himself during the expedition beyond the Wall . Was it the wound from fighting a zombie polar bear that did him in ? The extreme cold ? His pickled liver finally giving out ? We talked to the actor Paul Kaye about filming his last moment in Season 8 .
 How did you find out about your character ’ s death ?
 I got a call from David Benioff and Dan Weiss a couple of month before shooting started on Season 7 . They began by telling me I wa going to be in their favorite scene of the series , which involved fighting a zombie polar bear north of the Wall . While I wa listening to this exciting scenario , I did have a very strong sense of a “ But … ” coming . And then sure enough , there it wa : “ But … sadly , you die . ”
 I wa totally fine with it , to be honest . David and Dan sugared the pill a lot for me by saying that I save the Hound ’ s life before I get killed . He wa frozen on the spot when the zombie bear came toward him , and pushing Rory McCann out of the way wa the least I could do in exchange for all those guitar tip he ’ d given me over the year .
 What do you remember from your last day on set ?
 The last thing I shot wa back in Belfast , and it wa the bear ’ s point-of-view of attacking me and finally sinking it teeth into my shoulder . I had a guy on top of me in a green suit holding a large contraption , which looked like a wheelbarrow . Two stuntmen were on either side of me pulling me violently left and right . I wa due to have an operation on that shoulder a couple of week later , so it wa somewhat ironic that the fatal injury I sustained should have been precisely there . The screaming in agony wa pretty much all real !
 Did you read any of the fan reaction ?
 Not a massive amount . I did have a little peek early on after the episode finished and quickly realized that everybody wa far more heartbroken about Viserion dying than me . I would have loved Thoros to have returned a a wight , but there wa a certain poetry about being doused in my own booze and set on fire . Thoros wa a brilliant character to play — a red priest who ha concrete proof that the Lord of Light exists , but carry on boozing anyway ! I loved that .
 Who had your favorite death and why ?
 My favorite ha to be my old chum Beric Dondarrion ’ s death in Season 3 , when the Hound kill him in the cave duel and I got to do a bit of mumbling and bring him back to life . But I would say that , wouldn ’ t I ? That wa such a thrilling scene to shoot , a two-day sword fight ! The Brotherhood ’ s cave wa like a furnace with that huge fire pit , and it wa pretty much full of every single bearded man in Northern Ireland . It wa like a ZZ Top convention in there . That wa back when beard weren ’ t fashionable , so these dude were all biker boy and outsider . If they shot that scene today , it ’ d be full of real estate agent . I ’ m rooting for Beric in Season 8 . Having gone to the trouble of bringing him back from the dead six time , I ’ d like to think it wa for a reason .
 Aidan Gillen ( Littlefinger ) is on the other side of more speculative conspiracy playing the real-life U.F.O . investigator Dr. J. Allen Hynek in History ’ s “ Project Blue Book . ”
 Paul Kaye ( Thoros of Myr ) will bear witness to more magic when his character find a nuclear power plant ’ s uranium displaced by a mysterious force on the upcoming Amazon mini-series “ Good Omens . ”
 Tom Hopper ( Dickon Tarly ) continues to explore his daddy issue a Luther Hargreeves on Netflix ’ s “ The Umbrella Academy . ”
 Keisha Castle-Hughes ( Obara Sand ) traded in her revenge-seeking Sand Snakes for a justice-seeking task force in the “ FBI ” spinoff “ FBI : Most Wanted ” ( a pilot aired on CBS earlier this month ) .
 Indira Varma ( Ellaria Sand ) will be playing another cunning matriarchal figure , Piety Breakspear , in the upcoming Amazon fantasy series “ Carnival Row . ”
 • Good , evil , ugly , beautiful : A “ Thrones ” chart . [ NY Times ]
 • All the “ Thrones ” death . [ NY Times ]
 • George R.R . Martin answer a few question . [ NY Times ]
 • Noah Syndergaard on that cameo . [ NY Times ]
 • “ Thrones ” show u how America treat white supremacy . [ The Root ]
 • Content is coming . [ The Outline ]
 • The purpose of “ Thrones ” is plot — so what happens when the storytelling falter ? [ The Ringer ]
 • Does this season feel like fan fiction ? [ The Verge ]
 In the show , Samwell Tarly score the internship from hell when he go to the Citadel , but he also obtains some valuable information . ( Where dragonglass can be found ; how to cure greyscale ; the history of Rhaegar Targaryen ’ s twisted love life . ) Sam ’ s purpose at the Citadel seems simple : Grab the info . There are other novice , acolyte and maesters on hand , but they ’ re not central to the plot .
 That isn ’ t the case in the book . There , the Citadel is a vibrant hub of activity , with mystery swirling around and several conspiracy afoot . It appears that a Faceless Man ( possibly Jaqen H ’ ghar , based on his appearance ) , posing a an alchemist , ha tricked a young novice named Pate into stealing a key that can open every door at the Citadel . The man then seems to take Pate ’ s place — using his face — and becomes Sam ’ s classmate . What could a Faceless Man want at the Citadel ? Readers speculate that he is searching for the only surviving copy of a book known a “ Blood and Fire ” ( sometimes known a “ The Death of Dragons ” ) , which is said to be hidden in a locked vault . Sam did steal a number of book before taking his leave , so perhaps we ’ ll see the show do a shortcut through this plot point and find the sought-after tome in Sam ’ s possession .
 In the book Sam also meet a number of unusual fellow student at the Citadel . One of them , the enigmatic Alleras , nicknamed the Sphinx , might be a Sand Snake named Sarella . ( Since the Citadel only admits male student , wearing a disguise to gain admittance would be an ingenious way to study there ) . The show appears to be done with the Dornish plot , but we only met three of Oberyn ’ s eight daughter , the one seeking revenge versus knowledge . Sarella/Alleras is the best of the bunch , and it would be interesting if the show could find a way to incorporate her in Season 8 , just to show how woman are disrupting previously male-only institution .
 The Sphinx ’ s mentor , the archmaester Marwyn the Mage , ha studied the higher mystery ( a.k.a . magic ) and mastered some of them during his travel . Dany ’ s witch from Season 1 ? Marwyn met her and taught her the Common Tongue and human anatomy . Melisandre ’ s old haunt in Asshai ? Marwyn also went there and studied shadowbinding . ( No word yet on the male equivalent of “ birthing ” a shadow demon . ) Disgraced Qyburn didn ’ t find the maesters receptive to his idea , except for Marwyn . Marwyn help connect these thread , and his “ Book of Lost Books ” also shed light on various prophecy .
 When Sam arrives , Marwyn sends Alleras to intercept Sam before he can speak to the other maesters . Sam brings them both up-to-date on Daenerys Targaryen and her dragon , on Maester Aemon ’ s belief that she wa the fulfillment of the Azor Ahai prophecy , and his conviction that she needed a maester to guide her and bring her back to Westeros . And not just any maester would do . Marwyn hint to Sam of a vast anti-magic conspiracy stretching back century , when the archmaesters helped to kill off the last of the dragon in order to rid the world of magic . The “ grey sheep ” maesters of the present-day aren ’ t much better , Marwyn say . The Citadel ha no place in it for sorcery or prophecy , and he warns Sam to keep Dany , her dragon and the prophecy a secret , “ unless you fancy poison in your porridge . ”
 So if Marwyn is to be believed ( and there ’ s some debate to this , because some think he is unsound ) , the supposedly neutral maesters at the Citadel actually have an agenda , and it ’ s decidedly anti-Targaryen . The dragon didn ’ t just die out — they were targeted in a scheme to eradicate magic from the world . Now magic is returning , and the anti-magic maesters — who control the flow of information of Westeros — could once again become a deadly force . This is an interesting idea , but the show doesn ’ t explore it during Sam ’ s stint at the Citadel , where his maesters appear to be well-meaning , intelligent men who disregard tale of magic because they don ’ t really believe in it , and fail to act even if they do believe because they don ’ t see the urgency . But what if there were more to it than that ?
 This week , reader were confused about the White Walker baby . ( Aren ’ t we all ? )
 “ What are the White Walker king doing with the infant ? I don ’ t remember any of it being in the books. ” — Annabel Yurutucu
 “ We do not know the number of male baby that have been ‘ sacrificed ’ or how many year this ha occurred . Since they are not ‘ dead , ’ what are they ? Do they grow up ? ” — Marian Wynn
 You ’ re right , it ’ s not in the book , not really . This wa one of the big surprise to reader , because what happens to the baby is only suggested , not shown . Craster ’ s wife believe this is what happens to their sacrificed son , and when talking to Sam and Gilly about her newborn , refer to the White Walkers a “ the boy ’ s brother ” and “ Craster ’ s sons. ” And we do know how many — Little Sam ha 100 brother and half brother who have been sacrificed over the year . ( Sam wa the 100th one born , but escaped ; number 101 wa the babe we saw in Season 4 — and he is the 100th sacrifice . ) But do they grow up ? Do they white-crawl before they white-walk ? Or is there just a little White Walker nursery in the Land of Always Winter filled with forever-babes ? Who would babysit when they ’ re on the march ? Or do they bring with , wrapped in medieval Baby Bjorns ?
 Let ’ s assume the formerly human baby do age , after a fashion , and become adult-sized White Walkers , eventually . We don ’ t know if this process is accelerated or not , but this seems to be how the White Walkers procreate . ( I mean , have you seen any female White Walkers walking around ? ) So if they ’ re growing , then they ’ re not dead . What they do with them after that , we don ’ t know . Do these converted kid play a special role in their hierarchy ? What happens when they become rebellious teenager ?
 • “ Seven Kingdom Army . ”
 • Jon Snow and the wind of winter .
 • Kit Harington ’ s audition .
 • Mophie sings .
 • “ Tell Cersei . I want her to know it wa meow . ”
 • Brotherhood Without Banjos .
 • The biggest Brienne + Tormund shipper ?
 • Brienne + Tormund = Ed .
 • Missandei + Grey Worm .
 • Lannister at the wheel .
 • Elders react .
 • “ Take that , you mean Dothraki . ”



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 I ’ ve done my part . I ’ ve brought ice and fire together . Oh , I will return , dear Watcher . One last time .
 Welcome back to our guide through an epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ ve just joined u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch throughout Seasons 1-7 . Or you can consult scroll in the restricted section of the library for a look at Season 7 .
 Novices beware : This article is dark and full of spoiler . And now our watch continues .
 Concentrate on the installment that are central to the famously complicated plot and provide all the feel . Here are four must-watch episode .
 Episode 3 , “ The Queen ’ s Justice ” — Jon and Dany finally meet , sparking a battle of royal title . And it ’ s payback time for the murder of Joffrey and Myrcella . Bonus : Bran show u how creepy he can be . ( Recap . )
 Episode 4 , “ The Spoils of War ” — For spectacular action scene both large ( Dany , Drogon and the Dothraki taking on the Lannister loot train ) and small ( Arya sparring with Brienne ) . Also , what is wrong with Bran ? ! Poor Meera . ( Recap . )
 Episode 6 , “ Beyond the Wall ” — Remember how thrilling it seemed the first time our magnificent seven raiding party risked everything to bring back proof of the wight for Cersei ? Good time . Now revisit the despair of learning that their loss were for naught . Cry for Thoros . Cry for Viserion . Cry , cry . ( Recap . )
 Episode 7 , “ The Dragon and the Wolf ” — Try to stir up some hope for the dragon-pit summit — a chance for Westeros ’ s best people to come together for the sake of humanity ’ s survival , even if the effort might be doomed and Viserion can still make short work of the Wall . Also : Stark power activate ! Goodbye , Littlefinger . ( Recap . )
 All the key player are back in Westeros , but the place is in shamble a invasion are underway . Trying to pick apart the complex narrative ? Thinking along these theme and scheme might help .
 Food for Thought
 Winter is here , and that mean it ’ s already late to be stocking up on food supply . But where is the food coming from , when the harvest have been so disrupted by war ? At Dragonstone , Team Stannis left the larder empty before departing north . How are Dany ’ s army and three dragon going to eat while they camp out there ? What about when they travel ?
 At Winterfell , Sansa ’ s asking the local farmer to help build up the grain store with regular shipment , planning ahead to feed both the army of the North and local refugee . “ If the entire North ha to flee to Winterfell , they won ’ t have enough time to bring wagon load of grain with them , ” she reason . At King ’ s Landing , the Lannisters aren ’ t asking the farmer for food — they ’ re stealing it . Part of Cersei and Jaime ’ s Highgarden scheme wa to get the gold to repay the Iron Bank , but also to empty the granary and collect the harvest from the farm in the Reach . Which in itself is a kind of warfare : The capital hope to withstand a long siege , but the people in the Reach won ’ t be able to survive a long winter .
 Listen to the background chatter at the Inn at the Crossroads before Arya reunites with Hot Pie . Two men speculate that “ price will triple ” and what they mean are the price of food in King ’ s Landing . Remember what Bronn explained to Tyrion and Varys in Season 2 ? “ The thief , they love a siege . Soon a the gate are sealed , they steal all the food . By the time it ’ s all over , they ’ re the richest men in town. ” Noble woman will sell their diamond for a sack of potato . If it get really bad , Bronn say , the poor will start to eat each other . “ Food ’ s worth more than gold . ”
 Realizing that she won ’ t be able to feed her army “ because Cersei ha taken all the food , ” Dany decides to hit back . Instead of attacking King ’ s Landing , she attack the loot train , though Drogon blast the wagon containing grain and food supply . Now no one ha that precious resource . Starvation is one of the biggest threat to Westeros . This is partly why the farmer that the Hound revisits in Season 7 ha killed himself and his daughter . When the Hound robbed them of their silver in Season 4 , estimating they would be dead come winter , he ensured their fate . With or without war , food price are about to skyrocket .
 Clear and Present Danger
 Jon Snow is trying to recruit ally in the fight against the army of the dead , but he ’ s having trouble rallying people to his cause . It might be because he ’ s not great at describing his own White Walker experience or using other witness to corroborate .
 Perhaps Jon need to think back to the Night ’ s Watch back in Season 1 , when they sent Alliser Thorne with a letter and a wight hand to show the Small Council . ( The Small Council only saw the letter in Season 2 — no Thorne , no hand . ) It ’ s curious Tyrion doesn ’ t bring this up , since he wa the one who read the letter and tried to vouch for Lord Commander Jeor Mormont ’ s credibility . But perhaps this incident is what give Tyrion the idea to go beyond the Wall and capture a wight in the first place .
 Tyrion think this would provide proof for Cersei , but he should also remember from past dealing with her that she ’ s not going to care . It ’ s not Cersei who need the information anyway — it ’ s the realm . Sam realizes this when he make his case at the Citadel , and Archmaester Ebrose , while complacent , belief him . But the maesters aren ’ t moved to action when Sam try to convince them to spread the word . His mistake is telling the Citadel maesters that they should ask the various lord to send men to defend the Wall during a time of war .
 There ’ s another option : Use the raven a an Emergency Broadcast System to inform folk how to protect themselves . Tell them what work in their defense — fire , dragonglass , Valyrian steel ( in case they have a spare ancestral sword ) . Urge them to burn , not bury , their dead , to clear out their crypt .
 Perhaps the House maesters will disregard the information at first , but better that they know the basic . At the very least , time to repair the ravenries !
 ‘ Robert ’ s Rebellion wa built on a lie ’
 When Bran and Sam combine their respective intel from vision and old scroll , they realize that Jon Snow is the legitimate son of Rhaegar Targaryen and Lyanna Stark . This lead Bran to a couple of conclusion : One , Jon is the heir to the throne , and two , that the war that put Robert Baratheon on the throne wa built on a lie — which make Jon ’ s claim seem even more legitimate .
 But a good a Bran is at seeing thing , he ’ s not so good at processing the information . For example , he seems to have forgotten about the Mad King . Robert ’ s Rebellion didn ’ t erupt only because Rhaegar and Lyanna ran off together ( although that definitely wa an instigating factor ) . If Rhaegar had wanted to abandon his wife Elia Martell and two kid to marry another woman , he should have informed a few people what he wa up to — maybe send a raven to the bride ’ s family ?
 Instead , he disregarded custom , law and Lyanna ’ s own betrothal , leaving everyone to assume the worst , which is why Brandon Stark — Lyanna and Ned ’ s older brother — went to court to protest and demand Lyanna ’ s release . That situation should have been simple to clear up but instead , King Aerys had Brandon arrested , summoned his father and then publicly incinerated them both , an event that loom large over Jon and Dany ’ s first meeting . It also explains Sansa ’ s shock that Jon would even answer a Targaryen summons : “ Have you forgotten what happened to our grandfather ? The Mad King invited him to King ’ s Landing and roasted him alive . ”
 So it wasn ’ t Rhaeger ’ s supposed kidnapping a much a Aerys ’ s murdering of the noble that convinced a coalition of several Houses that the king wa unfit to rule , and that they had to remove him and end his royal line . “ There have been few ruler in history a cruel a the Mad King , ” Varys note .
 But Rhaegar wa cruel , too . He could have married both woman — the Targaryens had a history of polygamy . By annulling his marriage , Rhaegar delegitimized his first two child and took them out of the line of succession . Then , adding insult to injury , he married Lyanna in Elia Martell ’ s homeland of Dorne . Bran and Sam begin to frame the Rhaegar-and-Lyanna elopement a a romance , but that can only work if one ignores all the injured party . How romantic is it that Rhaegar basically ensured the death of his abandoned wife and two kid ( left unprotected , surrounded by enemy ) ? How romantic is it that Rhaegar actively supported and fought on the side of the man who murdered Lyanna ’ s father and brother ? Oberyn Martell never bought the “ romance ” — he remembered the murdered child . And even if Ned Stark wa late in realizing the relationship wa consensual , he , too , remembered those dead kid .
 Ned ’ s whole arc wa about preventing the death of more innocent child — he committed treason to protect Jon , fought to save Dany from assassination and warned Cersei in order to give her a chance to save her three offspring . That ’ s the honor Cersei remembers , and even grudgingly respect , when she refers to Jon Snow a “ Ned Stark ’ s son. ” Rhaegar might be Jon ’ s bio-dad , but when it come down to it , Jon will always be Ned Stark ’ s son .
 Children in Charge
 The Starks ’ key ally — House Mormont , House Umber , House Karstark and House Arryn — are all led by minor now , even if they have adult influencing them . ( Little Ned Umber doesn ’ t even look like he ’ s hit puberty , the poor thing . )
 That doesn ’ t necessarily make them le fierce — Lyanna Mormont ha plenty of spunk — but it doe make them le experienced , especially when it come to issue related to running their household , managing their land or preparing for a siege , let alone all-out war . Sansa , who is a little older and wiser in some way , le wise in others , observed a lot during her time in King ’ s Landing . Not all the lesson she learned in the court of an immature boy-king were good one . Joffrey punished her for her father and brother ’ s alleged treason , just to send a message , causing her to beg and plead for mercy . Now that Sansa ’ s in a position of power herself , she is far from merciful . She suggests that Ned Umber and Alys Karstark be punished for the action of their relative . Sansa is le violent about it , but her form of punishment would actually be crueler — she would cast them out of their ancestral home and strip them of their land just a winter ha come . Where would these kid go ?
 But a better argument for Sansa to make — beyond feudal politics of loyalty versus treason — would be practical concern . How are these kid going to know how to winter-proof their castle ? Might it be better to put some adult in charge of these first line of defense ? Or at least make sure the kid are teamed up with some especially good maesters or other adviser ? Don ’ t leave little Ned Umber to sort these issue out on his own .
 Watching with younger viewer ? Here are some scene you might want to skip in Season 7 .
 Episode 1
 About 30 minute in , there are two scene at the Citadel that might be hard to stomach , although mileage could vary — one is a poop-soup montage that may induce a gag reflex , lasting about two minute , and following it is an autopsy with a naked male corpse , his genitals in full view . More disturbing might be the removal of his internal organ . The Hound come across the corps of a farmer and his daughter at about 45 minute in — a murder-suicide to save themselves from starvation .
 Episode 2
 Grey Worm might be a eunuch , but that doesn ’ t mean he can ’ t have a sex life — a he demonstrates with Missandei . ( About 29 minute in . ) Euron Greyjoy ’ s surprise attack on the rebel Greyjoy fleet is pretty vicious , with a couple dozen folk — including two Sand Snakes — getting killed within the space of five minute . ( About 53 minute in . )
 Episode 3
 Cersei get aroused by killing her enemy , so she offer sex to Jaime about 30 minute into the episode . The siege of Casterly Rock is le violent than most battle but still includes about 20 soldier dying in quick succession . ( About 53 minute in , lasting two-and-a-half minute . )
 Episode 4
 The loot train sequence might be spectacular to watch , but it ’ s also horrific given the large amount of people who die a fiery death . The action start at about 41 minute in , when Drogon start to barbecue a line of Lannister soldier . Skip until the end of the episode , around 49 minute in , if you want to come back to see Jaime charge a grounded Drogon and nearly get hit by a fireball .
 Episode 5
 Dany tell Randyll and Dickon Tarly to bend the knee or die . When they refuse allegiance , Drogon burn them alive . ( About 11 minute in . ) During a little smuggling operation , Gendry dispatch two guard with his war hammer . ( About 40 minute in . )
 Episode 6
 A zombie polar bear attack our men beyond the Wall , mauling Thoros of Myr . ( About 26 minute in . ) The big wight attack on the frozen lake kick in around 48 minute in , and Viserion is struck at 54 minute in . If you want to come back to see Jon ride off to safety , that ’ s at 59 minute in .
 Episode 7
 As punishment for his various crime against the Stark family , Arya executes Littlefinger by slashing his throat . ( About 60 minute in . ) Jon and Dany commit incest while Tyrion creepily hang out in the corridor . ( About 72 minute in . )
 • A primer . [ NY Times ]
 • Littlefinger ’ s primer . [ Vanity Fair ]
 • How they make “ Thrones. ” [ Time ]
 • Lena Headey ’ s power move . [ NY Times ]
 • The life of a “ Thrones ” recapper . [ NY Times ]
 • Hackers threaten “ Thrones. ” [ NY Times ]
 • The embroidery . [ New Yorker ]
 • The metalwork . [ Broadly ]
 • How “ Thrones ” is more empathetic in it final leg . [ Vulture ]
 What did you think of Season 7 ? What wa your reaction when the Wall came down ? Any burning question ? Send a raven to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 You ’ ve been watching them , all of them , all of their life , with a thousand eye and one . Now you come to u at last , though the hour is late .
 Welcome back to our guide through an epic “ Game of Thrones ” rewatch . If you ’ re just joining u , you can catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide , which also includes suggested episode to rewatch in later season . And now our watch continues with Season 4 .
 Novices beware : This article is dark and full of spoiler .
 Concentrate on the installment that are central to the famously complicated plot and provide all the feel . Here are four must-watch episode .
 Episode 2 , “ The Lion and the Rose ” — For a front-row seat at the most exclusive ticket in town , the Purple Wedding . You ’ ll laugh , you ’ ll cry , you ’ ll eat some pie . Plus , all the banter between the wedding guest is good fun . Another plus : Melisandre practice burning Stannis ’ s family member alive . It ’ s O.K . to start cry for Shireen now . ( Recap )
 Episode 7 , “ Mockingbird ” — Because you can not give up on the gravy ! Nor should you give up on Tyrion , not when Oberyn Martell ’ s around . Bonus : Littlefinger and Lysa Arryn finally break up . ( Recap )
 Episode 8 , “ The Mountain and the Viper ” — To dissect several crucial decision made regarding Lysa ’ s murder , Jorah ’ s spy game and Tyrion ’ s trial by combat ( notice Oberyn ’ s assistant slicking his spear with poison ) . Enjoy Oberyn going full Inigo Montoya on the Mountain , and try not to scream when the squashing start . ( Recap )
 Episode 10 , “ The Children ” — To watch Tywin ’ s beloved Lannister legacy go down the toilet . To despair with Dany when she learns of Drogon ’ s eating habit and lock up the other two dragon . To cheer on the knock-down , drag-out , ear-biting battle between Brienne and the Hound , both trying to protect a dead-eyed girl who doesn ’ t need that kind of protection . To agonize over the human cost of getting Team Bran to the Three-Eyed Raven ’ s cave . And to soar along with the Stark child ’ s hope for their new career path . Assassin school/tree wizard school , here we come ! ( Recap )
 [ Sign up to get our recap straight to your inbox . ]
 The Red Wedding at the end of Season 3 and the Purple Wedding at the beginning of Season 4 leave a power and leadership vacuum in Westeros , a the Lannisters go to trial , the Boltons heat up their takeover of the North and Dany considers whether it ’ s a good time to hop over to Westeros ( or not ) . Trying to pick apart the intricate plot ? Thinking along these theme might help .
 Love Triangles
 Oberyn come to court in place of his brother , Prince Doran — and not just because the Martell family wa invited to the biggest wedding of the year . The Red Viper , a Oberyn is known , is still angry about some old family business that date back to Robert ’ s Rebellion . ( His sister Elia , who wa married to Rhaegar Targaryen , wa abandoned and left unprotected in King ’ s Landing when her husband ran off with Lyanna Stark ; then she and her two child were assassinated to wipe out the Targaryen line . )
 Likewise , Lysa Arryn is still hung up on how she wa forced to marry the much-older Jon Arryn instead of Petyr Baelish . She gave Littlefinger her virginity ( “ We had our wedding night many year ago , or don ’ t you remember ? ” she say ) and she killed her husband for him , and yet he still preferred her sister Catelyn .
 Arranged ( and mismatched ) marriage are dangerous in Westeros — this season , they ’ ve resulted in the death of Joffrey ( when the Tyrells decide it would be better for Margaery to marry his brother ) , Lysa ( when she get jealous about Littlefinger ’ s obsession with Stark woman ) and Oberyn ( when he tried to avenge his sister ) . Jaime even warns Loras Tyrell , after he get betrothed to Cersei , that his intended is not unlikely to murder him in his sleep . How many happily married couple do you know in Westeros ?
 Fixes , Frames , Facades
 Melisandre admits some of her magic is just a trick , and she justifies the deception a a way of leading people “ to the truth. ” Such rationalization aren ’ t just for the devout . Take a look at Reek trying to be Prince Theon . Or Cersei , who fervently ( and erroneously ) belief that Tyrion wa behind the murder of her son .
 But how to prove that ? Lacking evidence , she attempt to sway the trial judge with her own “ glamour ” — pretending to be supportive and solicitous . With Tywin , Cersei appeal to his legacy obsession ( agreeing to marry Loras ) . She appeal to Margaery ’ s ambition to be queen , and tell her to talk to her father Mace ( the second judge ) . With Oberyn , Cersei appeal to his empathy and swallow her usual bile about the Martell marriage alliance . Tommen might have recused himself , but each of the three judge ha a conflict of interest .
 Then there ’ s the issue of witness tampering . Podrick tell Tyrion he wa offered a knighthood if he would testify that Tyrion bought poison . Someone else ( Cersei ? Tywin ? ) got to Shae . It ’ s a twisted trail that aligns with Olenna Tyrell ’ s and Littlefinger ’ s frame-job . Two week before the wedding , Olenna claim to be unhappy with the necklace presented for Margaery to wear , and tell a group of Tyrell woman to go speak to the jeweler of King ’ s Landing and find her the best necklace in town . What she ’ s really looking for , of course , is the best poison container , since the Strangler come in crystallized form . You may recognize it : It wa the same stuff Maester Cressen popped in his wine to share with Melisandre in Season 2 .
 But Margaery can ’ t be seen wearing this necklace , so Olenna — with Littlefinger ’ s help — recruit someone else who will be in easy reach at the reception . Perhaps the murderer had hoped to make the murder look a if Joffrey had simply choked to death , but a a fallback , they also set up Sansa and Tyrion a the likely suspect . Why else have Dontos whisk Sansa away a soon a Joffrey start choking ? Why else throw the used necklace onto Dontos ’ dead body , assuring it could be found later , instead of into the water ? Though Olenna and Littlefinger made Sansa look very guilty , they also guarantee she would escape punishment . Tyrion , however , not so much . Even though he recognizes he ’ s been framed , Tyrion doesn ’ t connect this latest betrayal to the last time Littlefinger framed him . After all , Littlefinger ha an alibi this time .
 Littlefinger ’ s Lessons
 Littlefinger want Sansa on multiple level — she ’ s the key to the North , she reminds him of her mother and she ’ s the pupil he never had . Although he ’ s imparted a bit of information to her in past season , he really start confiding in her during the escape boat trip ( and by doing so , becomes vulnerable to her ) . While he doesn ’ t out his partner in Joffrey ’ s murder outright , he drop a strong enough hint ( “ grow strong , ” referring to House Tyrell ’ s word “ growing strong ” ) . He admits to killing Joffrey , and he kill Lysa with Sansa a a witness . He teach her not to trust anyone . He show her how to be devious , which she doe by incorporating the truth , twisting it ever so slightly , displaying real emotion to give the lie some force and proclaiming that she ha to tell the truth and she ’ s no good at deception anyway . ( As Sansa defends herself with Lysa , “ he say I ’ m a stupid little girl , I ’ m a stupid little girl who never learns ! And I ’ m a terrible liar ! ” )
 Sansa get a lot of mileage out of being a terrible liar ( a Littlefinger recognizes at the end of Season 2 ) . By lying to the lord and lady of the Vale and using a little reverse psychology , Sansa line up some protector in her corner , especially Lord Royce , who wa a friend to her father ( and likely grew up with him when Ned Stark wa fostered in the Eyrie ) . More important , Sansa now ha leverage over Littlefinger and can always play the “ you murdered Aunt Lysa ” card later . When Sansa wore the necklace given to her by Dontos , she wa still susceptible to romance and fairy tale . When she switch to a large black buckle on a chain necklace in Dark Sansa mode , she ’ s announcing that she ’ s outgrown such notion and is ready to be a game-player in her own right .
 Expensive Gifts
 “ Nothing like a thoughtful gift to make a new friendship grow strong , ” Littlefinger say . Of course , he ’ s referring to the “ gift ” of murdering Joffrey , a rather pricey present . Gifts are rich in meaning , often signifying much about the giver and the recipient , which is why Lysa becomes so suspicious about the crate of lemon Littlefinger ship to the Eyrie , all so Sansa can snack on her beloved lemon cake .
 Daario offer Dany flower — a a way of being romantic and schooling her about strategy . Dany give the people of Meereen broken chain from the neck of former slave to encourage them to revolt and , in turn , deliver the city to her . Tywin give a freshly forged sword of Valyrian steel to Jaime to entice him to forsake his vow to the Kingsguard and to be the Lannister heir . Jaime then give that to Brienne , along with armor and a squire , to enable her to fulfill a vow that he can not . Her calling the sword “ Oathkeeper ” signifies that she understands this and more . ( It is perhaps one of the truest , most selfless gift , and is acknowledged a such . )
 Less grateful for his gift is Joffrey . During the wedding breakfast , Tyrion give Joffrey a history book , suggesting that the boy king ha a lot to learn , but it ’ s delivered with a gentle touch . Joffrey slash the book with his own new Valyrian steel . Cersei seems more generous than ever this season — giving a golden hand to Jaime ( an ornate disguise , instead of a more practical hook ) , a ship to Myrcella Baratheon ( symbolizing a wish for her freedom ) and a highborn marriage to Bronn ( to dissuade him from becoming Tyrion ’ s champion ) . But Cersei only give when it benefit her somehow , and immediately veto Margaery ’ s wish to give the leftover from the feast to the city ’ s poor out of sheer pettiness .
 We ’ ve known for a while that Craster and his wife sacrifice baby boy to the White Walkers , only here , they characterize it a “ a gift to the god , ” and we finally get an idea of how those baby are received . They ’ re not eaten or killed — they ’ re adopted and converted , somehow . ( One question : How do the White Walkers manage to care for all these baby they ’ ve acquired while on the march ? Is there a White Walker day care ? )
 [ Catch up with recap of past season with our ultimate watching guide . ]
 Watching with younger viewer ? Here are some scene you might want to skip in Season 4 , in addition to the entirety of Episode 9 , which feature the battle at Castle Black . ( Sync up the time code here with whatever mean of replay you ’ re using . )
 The Hound order chicken , Episode 1 .
 Polliver and his men quarrel with the Hound about his food order , suggest they trade a chicken for sex with Arya , just a they “ traded ” for sex with the innkeeper ’ s daughter , who is sexually assaulted in the background . ( This scene come up about 53 minute into the episode , while the Hound and Arya ’ s rampage kick in at 57 minute , lasting just over three minute . )
 Orgies and rape , Episodes 3 and 4 .
 Cersei and Jaime pay their respect to their dead son , and then desecrate the altar ( about 16 minute into Episode 3 ) . Oberyn make use of Littlefinger ’ s brothel for consensual group sex ( about 34 minute into Episode 3 ; last about three minute ) . The rape at Craster ’ s Keep are more explicit , but are kept somewhat in the background ( around 41 minute into Episode 4 ; the objectionable part last about three minute ) .
 Village raid , Episode 3 .
 Olly wa too young to witness this massacre , which get underway at about 45 minute into the episode and last two minute .
 Craster ’ s Keep raid , Episode 5 .
 The hellish violence depicted is meant to invoke work by Hieronymus Bosch and Bruegel . If you ’ d prefer to skip , it get underway at about 45 minute into the episode and last about six minute .
 Yara ’ s raid , Episode 6 .
 The violence isn ’ t too graphic , but Theon ’ s refusal to aid in his own rescue , his torment and the incessant barking of the dog might be disturbing for some . ( As might be the sight of a gleefully bloody Ramsay . ) The scene start at about 12 minute into the episode and is interspersed at first with a sex scene between Ramsay and Myranda ; the whole thing is over in four-and-a-half minute .
 The Mountain in action , Episodes 7 and 8 .
 When we catch up with Cersei ’ s champion , he ’ s disemboweling some random guy for no apparent reason . ( About seven minute into Episode 7 ; last about a minute . ) His battle with Oberyn isn ’ t so bad , but Oberyn ’ s head get the worst of it at around 52 minute , if you ’ d like to stop there .
 Mole ’ s Town and Moat Cailin massacre , Episode 8 .
 Gilly wisely hide her young one away during the attack on the brothel ( about six minute in , last about a minute-and-a-half ) . There ’ s also a brief glimpse of Ramsay ’ s handiwork — a flayed man — at Moat Cailin ( about 19 minute in ) .
 Wight attack , the Hound vs. Brienne , Lannister v. Lannister , Episode 10 .
 For an episode called “ The Children , ” this one really isn ’ t meant for child . The skeleton emerging out of the snow and attacking Team Bran is a bit of a horror show ( about 37 minute in , lasting a little over three minute ) . The Hound and Brienne start swinging sword at about 48 minute in . The fight ’ s over in two minute , but the more disturbing part is the Hound ’ s agony afterward and Arya ’ s refusal to give him mercy . That alone is four minute . The final bit to skip might be Tyrion ’ s farewell to Shea ( about 58 minute in ) and Tywin ( about 62 minute in ) .
 • A preview of Season 4 . [ Vanity Fair ]
 • Fans , close-up . [ Grantland ]
 • A plea for nudity equality . [ Brooklyn Magazine ]
 • How the show treat trauma and disability . [ Vulture ]
 • A little night music . [ The New Yorker ]
 What did you think of Season 4 ? What wa your own reaction during the Purple Wedding ? Who did you initially suspect ? Any lingering question ? Send a raven to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 Sign up to get these recap straight to your inbox .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 We welcome you with bread and salt and give you the protection of guest right . ( Not that it ’ s worth much these day . )
 So now that you ’ ve rewatched Season 3 , read on for a deeper dive into the season . If you happened to miss Monday ’ s Season 3 newsletter in your inbox , it ’ s also available here .
 House Stark is the biggest loser — let ’ s take a moment of silence for them . House Targaryen is on the rise , but Dany ha a habit of conquering city and moving on , so most of what she gain here is a free army and a boost to her rep — she ’ s the queen of the mic drop and the crowd-surf .
 House Lannister , though , is the bos . With a few stroke of his quill , Tywin quashed a battlefield opponent and brought two kingdom to heel . It wa a nasty trick , but he won ’ t have to take the blame . ( Sorry House Frey , that ’ s all yours . Want some pie ? )
 When Tyrion becomes the Master of Coin , he start to educate himself about the crown ’ s finance — or lack of them . As it turn out , Littlefinger ’ s method of balancing the book wa to borrow million from the Lannisters ( which accelerated the depletion of their gold mine ) and ten of million from the Iron Bank of Braavos , which creates not just an economic problem , but a national-security issue .
 Soon we ’ ll learn that the Lannister mine ran out back in Season 1 , around the time Ned Stark wa questioning the cost of a tournament in his honor . Since that time , Littlefinger had financed the war ( that he helped start ) by plunging the realm further in debt . This , above all else , is why the Lannister/Tyrell alliance became so necessary — the crown depended on the Tyrells ’ resource . ( Among them infantryman and other support , a Margaery reminds Cersei at dinner and Olenna Tyrell reminds Tyrion during their meeting to discus the cost of the royal wedding ) .
 “ I wa told you were drunk , impertinent and thoroughly debauched , ” Olenna tell Tyrion . “ You can imagine my disappointment at finding nothing but a browbeaten bookkeeper . ”
 And imagine the surprise of some viewer to find that financial matter were being discussed in a fantasy story , and in specific detail . “ Lord of the Rings ” wasn ’ t concerned with how Aragon would rule Middle-earth , or what his tax policy would be . A man needed only be the rightful heir to the throne and a virtuous person to be considered a good ruler . But Westeros is a different kind of fantasy world , one in which budget are hard to balance and war cost money , a Tyrion point out .
 While Westeros ’ s debt is it main fiscal challenge , detail scattered among various conversation this season suggest broader economic woe .
 If farm and village in a feudal agrarian society are being ravaged , there is le revenue coming in . Westeros also ha a major trade deficit . Most of the luxury product prized by the nobility ( carpet , silk , spice ) originate in the more advanced city state in Essos , across the Narrow Sea . The Free Cities are major trade partner , and so is Qarth — or wa , before Dany came along . So without many product and service of it own to export , Westeros is at a severe disadvantage when the mine run dry , or when winter is coming .
 Throughout Season 3 , we find character debating what human life are worth . “ What is the life of one bastard boy against a kingdom ? ” Stannis wonder . “ Explain to me why it is more noble to kill ten thousand men in battle than a dozen at dinner , ” Tywin demand . Killing rival at a feast is also symbolic ; either they eat , or you do . If winter is coming , the thinking go , it may be better to end the war in the Riverlands quickly and turn the country ’ s attention back to replenishing it resource . Especially when that country lack infrastructure and effective trade route .
 Emotional decision made during a war — marrying for love , a Robb Stark did , or executing Lord Karstark , another of his rash action — can prove disastrous . In Robb ’ s case , he lost valuable ally and whole army at a time when he could least afford to lose them .
 We might love Robb for being romantic and honorable , but he make a lot of mistake . He give up laying waste to Lannister turf and cedes the west ( where he wa winning battle ) to detour way east to Harrenhal at the beginning of Season 3 , then head back west with his whole army for his grandfather ’ s funeral .
 Dany , too , is making some unfortunately emotional decision . Her scorched-earth conquest of Astapor and Yunkai are rousing in the moment — she turn the table and free the slave ! She burn the bad guy ! But right though they may be , are these really smart thing to do ? Jorah and Barristan tell her not to sack Yunkai — it ’ s a detour . But there are 200,000 slave in Yunkai , and she say that constitutes 200,000 reason to take the city . It will also wipe out the basis for the city-state ’ s economy .
 Dany ’ s destruction of the slave trade in Astapor and her subsequent departure with it Unsullied soldier left the people there in a vulnerable position . Later in Season 4 , she will learn that Astapor wa subsequently overrun by a “ butcher. ” She repeat that mistake in Yunkai , moving on before considering the economic chaos she ha created — which lead to slavery being reinstated . Sure , she get to drop the whip and call herself the Breaker of Chains . But every place she go , she fails to provide the basis for these state to exist without slavery . She doesn ’ t think ahead .
 The wreckage that Dany leaf behind in her march through Slaver ’ s Bay creates ripple effect throughout Essos and Westeros . In Essos , the disruption to the supply ha a dire effect on the slave market , which Tyrion and Jorah will later discover when they themselves are captured and sold into bondage in Season 5 .
 This in turn could disrupt the larger economy of not only Essos but also Westeros , which is so dependent on Essos slave labor providing it many luxury . Slavery is illegal in Westeros , but the highborn there benefit from it all the same .
 Never cross a Machiavellian mastermind . The prostitute-turned-madam-turned-spy Ros learned this the hard way , when Littlefinger gave her to Joffrey to use a target practice for his new crossbow . ( It wa payback for her thwarting his arrangement with Sansa . ) Instead of the camera lingering on how Joffrey make his first direct kill , it pan to Ros ’ s trussed-up , already dead body during Littlefinger ’ s now-famous “ chaos is a ladder ” speech . We pay our respect with actress Esmé Bianco . ( Adapted from an interview for an earlier article . )
 How did you find out about your character ’ s death ?
 I knew I wa doing Season 3 , but I thought it wa strange that they hadn ’ t sent me any script . Then I got an email from the assistant of [ showrunners ] David Benioff and Dan Weiss , saying they wanted to conference call me . At that point , I wa like , “ Ah , that can ’ t be good news. ” I knew I wa living on borrowed time , and I wa amazed that I had survived a long a I did , really . The call wa like an awkward breakup . They were very timid about breaking the news , and eventually I had to be like , “ Guys , why are you calling me ? ” They told me I wa going to die , but they didn ’ t tell me how . They sent me the script the next day , and I wa like , “ Seriously ? Why didn ’ t they just tell me on the phone that it wa Joffrey who killed me ? ” I wa so angry about that !
 Why ?
 Getting killed by Joffrey wa insulting because he ’ s such a little [ expletive ] , excuse my French . He ’ s such a little twerp . Of all the character to be killed by ? And I wa really infuriated that I didn ’ t get to die on screen . Nothing ’ s more fun than doing a great screen death ! I begged them on set , “ Can ’ t I have a final cough and sputter ? ” And they were like , “ Nope , you ’ re dead. ” “ Please ? ” “ Nope , you ’ re dead . ”
 Did you read any of the fan reaction ? Did it help or hurt ?
 My character wa kind of controversial because Ros doesn ’ t appear in the book , and a lot of the die-hard fan would time how many second I spent on screen per episode . They absolutely hated me in Season 1 . So I stopped reading social medium , because they upset me so much . People were seriously mean . I didn ’ t know people could be so horrible !
 Did you check out social medium after your death ?
 I had been sworn to secrecy , so I couldn ’ t tell anybody . But I tricked all my friend and invited them over : “ It ’ s Cinco de Mayo , I ’ m having a party , and it ’ s also ‘ Game of Thrones ’ night , so we can watch that , too. ” Almost like it ’ s an afterthought . I wanted all my friend around me for my death scene and the Twitter reaction . And it wa absolutely insane . I couldn ’ t keep up with the tweet ! I wa surprised that there wa such a huge reaction . I wasn ’ t one of the main character , and it wasn ’ t one of the iconic death that people were expecting from the book . And people were reacting more than just , “ Oh , she died , ” or , “ It looked gross. ” People were really upset about it ! That wa really moving . So it worked ! [ Laughs ] Maybe it ’ s because you don ’ t have that many character in “ Game of Thrones ” who are just the average person on the street .
 Who had your favorite death and why ?
 I think Joffrey ha to be one of them , because it wa so satisfying . [ Laughs ] Obviously , I have my own personal reason for enjoying watching Joffrey die . But seeing Catelyn Stark ’ s reaction during the Red Wedding , and the scream she let out ? I get goose bump just thinking about it .
 Dying a dramatic , memorable death on “ Game of Thrones ” is an honor , actually — and a possible career booster , too . Several actor whose character departed in Season 3 have gone on to other worthy thing . For example :
 Michelle Fairley ( Catelyn Stark ) might not have gotten to bring back Catelyn Stark a Lady Stoneheart — more on that in a minute — but she did get to play another resurrected matriarch , on “ Resurrection. ” She wa also the king ’ s mother , Margaret Beaufort , on “ The White Princess . ”
 Richard Madden ( Robb Stark ) worried that he might be typecast in romantic royal part after his “ Thrones ” tenure , but he recently won a Golden Globe for his portrayal of a tormented security pro in “ Bodyguard , ” and he ’ s reported to have been offered the role of James Bond , should Daniel Craig move along .
 Oona Chaplin ( Talisa Maegyr ) starred in a memorable “ Black Mirror ” episode ( “ White Christmas , ” with Jon Hamm ) , and snagged a role in the upcoming “ Avatar ” movie .
 Esmé Bianco ( Ros ) went from madam to magic — Bianco wa an important part of the Syfy series “ The Magicians , ” playing the grown-up Jane Chatwin . She also turned up a a survivor of the destruction of Krypton on “ Supergirl . ”
 James Cosmo ( Jeor Mormont ) transported his commanding presence to both “ Ben Hur ” and “ Wonder Woman . ”
 Mackenzie Crook ( Orell ) is still warging ! Crook recently voiced the rabbit Hawkbit in the “ Watership Down ” mini-series . He ’ s also the star and creator of the Bafta-winning “ Detectorists . ”
 • Our recap of Season 3 .
 • Our critic ’ s review of the finale .
 • Dany ’ s white savior trip .
 • More on that topic , with a follow-up .
 • Disability in “ Game of Thrones . ”
 • An oral history of the Red Wedding .
 • Superfans dissect the Red Wedding .
 As devastating a the Red Wedding wa , there wa yet another traumatic outcome that TV-only fan never experienced . Because in the book , Catelyn Stark is still alive .
 She isn ’ t using the name Catelyn Stark , however , and she did still die horribly at the Red Wedding . The Freys then threw her naked corpse into the river , where it drifted for day , until Arya ’ s long-lost direwolf Nymeria found the body , pulled it back to shore and drove away other wolf that wanted to feast on it . ( This is thanks to Arya warging into Nymeria and engineering this rescue operation , although she thought it wa a dream . )
 Remember the Brotherhood Without Banners and Thoros of Myr reviving his friend Beric Dondarrion over and over ? In the book , Thoros and Beric stumble upon Catelyn ’ s body , and Beric give her the kiss of life that Thoros had so often given him . ( Unfortunately , Beric doesn ’ t have enough life to spare , so he dy . )
 And thus Catelyn is reborn a Lady Stoneheart .
 If Beric came back a little worse for wear after each resurrection , the undead Catelyn is even le presentable . Beric didn ’ t have time to rot between death and resurrection , but Lady Stoneheart ’ s flesh is decayed , her skin mottled green , gray and brown . And she ’ s still mutilated , of course , her throat cut to the bone , her voice a garbled combination of croak , wheeze and death rattle . ( “ The language of the damned , ” Brienne call it . ) And she ’ s lost most of her humanity . Death doe not become her ; she becomes Death . Or rather , she becomes a remorseless vigilante .
 Lady Stoneheart ha her own kill list , and she start exacting revenge for the Red Wedding , going after anyone she perceives to be a Frey , Bolton or Lannister , or a collaborator with any of those faction . She galvanizes the Brotherhood Without Banners , and turn them into her own personal murder squad .
 Fans had hoped to see Nymeria pull out … something … during the Red Wedding aftermath scene , or to see Lady Stoneheart revealed at the end of the Season 3 finale . But no . Although the Brotherhood Without Banners did become more vicious by Season 6 , Lady Stoneheart wa nowhere to be found .
 George R.R . Martin told Time that it wa one of the biggest change in the whole series , and he told Esquire China that this wa one change he most wished he could make to the show , given that he still ha big plan for Lady Stoneheart in the next book installment . Until then , we ’ ll always have Arya the vigilante .
 We asked you earlier this week about your Red Wedding reaction , and it sound like some of you are still recovering .
 “ I cried , cried and cried some more , ” Patricia Cline recalled . Others were overwhelmed with “ jaw-dropping shock , ” a Karen King wrote . “ Never saw it coming . Taking out three main character at once , and so brutally , wa beyond belief. ” And there were those who knew it wa coming , but “ still couldn ’ t watch most of it , ” a Jenny Pompilio told u . “ I somehow hoped Talisa and the baby would survive ( since they don ’ t exist in the book ) but it wa not to be . ”
 Others were mesmerized . “ When the ‘ Rains of Castamere ’ song started playing , I stood up from the couch with my eye glued to the screen , ” wrote Zach Burrell , who found himself punching a pillow when Robb wa betrayed . And Carmen Silva found a strange beauty in Robb ’ s shock . “ He is wounded , with dead body all around him , but stand and call out to his mother , ” she wrote . “ Richard Madden ’ s face had a childlike wonder in it . Death is everywhere , and he can only speak , ‘ Mother. ’ ” And most effective , a Karina Strakhova Masullo wrote , wa “ the screen going black for just a few second longer than usual after Catelyn Stark ’ s death and then … the deafening silence while the credit flashed one after the other . ”
 You also had more burning question !
 What happened to Sansa ’ s marriage to Tyrion ? — Marcy Callaghan
 Good question ! And it ’ s one that the show is a little inconsistent about . When Sansa is spirited away to the Eyrie , her aunt Lysa asks her if she consummated her marriage with Tyrion . Sansa say no . During a strange late-night snack , Lysa comfort her by explaining that the Lannisters will execute Tyrion for murder , making her a widow . O.K. , that sound legit , but Tyrion isn ’ t executed . Later , Littlefinger assures Roose Bolton that Sansa never consummated the marriage , and “ by the law of the land , she is no man ’ s wife . ”
 Well , that ’ s not exactly true . Yes , Margaery wa able to marry Joffrey after Renly , and she wa able to marry Tommen after Joffrey , but both previous husband were dead . Her supposed virginity certainly make her a much more appealing prospect , but not consummating a marriage doesn ’ t annul a marriage by itself . If setting aside a betrothal requires a consultation with the High Septon , a Pycelle report when Joffrey wish to set Sansa aside , an annulment of a marriage would certainly require at least that . ( As it doe when Rhaegar Targaryen annuls his marriage with Elia Martell . )
 The problem is , both Sansa and Tyrion become fugitive , and requesting an annulment from the High Septon would give away their location . Then there wa the nasty business with the High Septon being replaced , essentially , by the High Sparrow , and the Sept of Baelor blowing up and all of that , which certainly complicates the issue . Who ’ s in charge of these thing now ? Is there any religious authority , or ha Cersei usurped that entirely ?
 Until that ’ s all sorted out , it seems Sansa and Tyrion , whether they like it or not , whether they realize it or not , are still married .
 • It ’ s a nice day for a Red Wedding .
 • Commiserate .
 • Commiserate more .
 • Emoji recap .
 • You speak Valyrian ?
 • Jon Snow know one thing .
 • D & D alignment .
 • ’ 80s/ ’ 90 “ Thrones . ”
 • Remembering Balon Greyjoy .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Game of Thrones
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” arrives April 14 . Before then , we ’ re getting prepared by rewatching the first seven season . Sign up to get these straight to your inbox .
 This article contains spoiler for Seasons 1-7 of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 It ’ s 10 p.m. — do you know where your dragon are ? If not , we ’ re here to help , a we wrap up Season 2 in our great rewatch . If you missed the first Season 2 installment on Monday , it ’ s available here . If you have any burning question you would like answered , send them to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 House Baratheon is the biggest loser — Renly died , Stannis suffered a major defeat in the Battle of the Blackwater . House Stark won battle but lost Winterfell . Tyrion ’ s star wa on the rise , but his own House doesn ’ t give him credit for saving King ’ s Landing .
 House Tyrell , however , take a licking but keep on ticking — Margaery started the season a Renly ’ s queen , and ended the season striking a deal to become Joffrey ’ s . All hail the queen .
 Just a in our world , the tension between competing form of mysticism and skepticism is a defining feature of “ Game of Thrones. ” It is also a prominent theme of Season 2 , beginning with the red comet that streak through the sky in the first episode .
 The men in the North see it a a sign that Robb Stark will win the war . Others see it a a sign that the Lannisters will rule the Seven Kingdoms . Osha tell Bran of the latest hot take before concluding , “ Stars don ’ t fall for men . The red comet mean one thing , boy : dragon . ”
 It ’ s possible . Or a comet could be just a comet .
 Everyone is certain that their interpretation is correct , just a they ’ re certain that their god or god are the right one . As the pirate Salladhor Saan say : “ I ’ ve been all over the world , my boy , and everywhere I go , people tell me about the ‘ true god. ’ They all think they ’ ve found the right one . ”
 Maester Luwin say that magic might have once been a mighty force , but not anymore : “ The dragon are gone , the giant are dead and the Children of the Forest forgotten. ” But we ’ ve seen the dragon hatch , and we know that not everything that wa thought to be extinct is really gone . Pyat Pree claim that magic ha grown stronger in the world since the birth of Dany ’ s dragon .
 Bran ha prophetic dream . “ My dream are different , ” he insists . “ Mine are true . ”
 Dany ha prophetic dream , too . “ I ’ m no ordinary woman , ” she insists . “ My dream come true . ”
 Like horoscope , the dream are easier to read in hindsight . Bran ’ s vision of a sea coming to Winterfell and drowned men floating in the yard — of course that ’ s Theon Greyjoy ’ s takeover ! Dany ’ s vision of snow ( Snow ? ) on the Iron Throne in the House of the Undying ? It could be a trick , a temptation — we won ’ t know if it ’ s actually a prediction until , presumably , we learn how this story end .
 And then we have this story ’ s most self-aggrandizing seer : Melisandre . She tell of a prophecy regarding her god and a reincarnated hero known a the Prince ( or Princess ) that wa Promised , who had been sent to vanquish the Great Other .
 “ After the Long Summer , darkness will fall heavy on the world , ” she say . “ Stars will bleed . The cold breath of winter will freeze the sea , and the dead shall rise in the North . In the ancient book it is written that a warrior shall draw a burning sword from the fire , and that sword shall be Lightbringer . ”
 Some of that seems to be coming true . She tell Stannis that he is the Lord ’ s chosen , and they base their battle strategy on this assumption .
 While Melisandre repeatedly demonstrates her magical ability — She can look younger and prettier ! She can birth shadow baby ! She can resurrect the dead ! — performing magic and reading prophecy are different power .
 Besides , her actual intention aren ’ t entirely clear . She insists that Stannis will be king , but the more interesting prediction come when she tell him that he will betray everything he once held dear . Is that really prophecy , or is she priming him with the power of suggestion ? Much of what Melisandre doe with Stannis is psychology and seduction , not magic .
 Even if we take what she say at face value , her belief don ’ t line up with those of the Red Temple priest and priestess we meet later — they believe Dany is the Chosen One . Not Jon . And certainly not Stannis .
 So did Melisandre truly believe Stannis wa the Chosen One and flock to his side ? Or did she sell him on that idea solely out of self-interest , perhaps hoping he would make the Red Temple ’ s faith the state religion of Westeros ? ( It ’ s hard to turn down a belief system in which you ’ re the messiah ) .
 But shouldn ’ t a fabled hero be able to draw his burning sword from the fire on his own , without a priestess essentially handing it to him ?
 Fans love to try to decode these vision and prophecy , but we should be wary not to repeat Melisandre ’ s mistake . Prophecies are like propaganda — they can be useful for propping someone up but they rarely tell the whole story , and believing in them can ensure your doom .
 In an interview seven year ago , George R.R . Martin addressed the traditional audience expectation that the hero “ is the chosen one , and he is always protected by his destiny. ” Martin said he didn ’ t want that to be the case in A Song of Ice and Fire . Or , a Tyrion say in the book , “ Prophecy is like a half-trained mule . It look a though it might be useful , but the moment you trust in it , it kick you in the head . ”
 Stannis , your prophecy awaits you . Believe at your own risk .
 Many character in “ Game of Thrones ” live and die by the sword , but few expect to be stabbed in the heart by a magical shadow . We talked to the actor Gethin Anthony about King Renly ’ s abbreviated reign in Season 2 . ( Adapted from an interview for an earlier article . )
 How did you find out about your character ’ s death ?
 While auditioning , I read the first and most of the second book . By the time I wa called in to read for Renly , I wa well aware of his grisly demise . It made the process feel more like a movie for me . I knew his beginning , middle and tragic end before stepping on set . It clarified in my mind what my approach should be .
 Did you read any of the fan reaction ?
 I ’ ve heard some very nice thing said about Renly . Whatever you can say about his naïveté in dealing with Stannis and Melisandre , he had a good heart . People have told me they miss the character , which is just lovely .
 I think they miss seeing Renly and Loras together a well .
 I feel like it could be a whole spinoff ! As preparation for Season 2 , I wrote a little fan fiction for myself about Renly , Loras and the marriage of Margaery . I had all these visuals in my head for the end of Season 1 , beginning of Season 2 : What they did between the season . The night they stole away together — on the wedding night , Renly and Loras just went off to be by a lake under the tree .
 How did you feel about Brienne avenging Renly ?
 Finally ! She took some time . Watching Brienne kick as with Stannis wa a good thing . But Melisandre … She ’ s become this huge presence , this darkness in the show , and Brienne need to sort it out . I think Melisandre represents the corruption that power brings . It ’ s quite hard to fight these fantastical , supernatural force . Keep training , keep up the sword fighting , but ultimately , get a powerful ally .
 What do you remember from your last day on set ?
 We were doing a quick shot in Renly ’ s camp on the beach at night with the wind blowing and huge lighting setup . Seeing all those hundred of people working in these epic circumstance a I got to say goodbye really brought home what a privilege it wa to be a part of this huge endeavor .
 Who had your favorite death and why ?
 Viserys . I always thought the symbolism of him being burned to death with the gold he so coveted wa a brilliant representation of what the book and the show were about .
 Gethin Anthony ( Renly Baratheon ) went from murder victim to murder mastermind on the now-canceled NBC historical fiction drama “ Aquarius , ” in which he played Charles Manson for two season . He next play a god of war on “ The Magicians . ”
 Kerr Logan ( Matthos Seaworth ) ha been very , very busy since the Battle of Blackwater . Logan played a murderous stable hand in “ Alias Grace , ” a manipulative fiancé on “ C.B . Strike , ” and a queen ’ s barrister in “ Victoria . ”
 Roxanne McKee ( Doreah ) went from duplicitous Khaleesi handmaiden to ruler of Vega Claire Riesen in the Syfy series “ Dominion. ” Now she is one of the lead on “ Strike Back : Retribution , ” playing Captain Natalie Reynolds .
 Nonso Anozie ( Xaro Xhoan Daxos ) escaped the vault in Qarth to take on the role of Domovoi Butler , the trusted servant and bodyguard of Artemis , in the upcoming film adaptation of “ Artemis Fowl . ”
 • Our recap of Season 2 .
 • The showrunners on the Battle of the Blackwater .
 • “ Game of Thrones ” a history .
 • Samwell Tarly ’ s assessment of the climate in Westeros .
 Tweaking a minor character might not seem significant at a glance , but converting Jeyne Westerling , the daughter of a Lannister bannerman , to Talisa Maegyr , a battlefield nurse from Volantis , rippled far beyond just her story .
 It also changed the reason Robb Stark throw away his alliance with the Freys , which , a we know , lead to all sort of trouble for him and others .
 In “ A Clash of Kings , ” a wounded Robb learns of Theon ’ s purported execution of his younger brother Bran and Rickon . In his anguish , Robb receives “ comfort ” ( i.e . sex ) from the young noblewoman tending his wound at the castle he just conquered . This is perhaps an understandable lapse in judgment , because of his youth ( he ’ s even younger in the book ) , his grief and his state of mind ( he ’ s feverish and might have been given milk of the poppy ) . The problem is , Jeyne ’ s not a prostitute or a commoner — she ’ s a lord ’ s daughter . So Robb is honor-bound to marry her .
 Robb face an ethical dilemma . This is not a dating game , choosing between the possibly ugly Frey behind door No . 1 and the winsome Westerling behind door No . 2 . It ’ s actually a choice between protecting his own honor or protecting someone else ’ s . Since he ’ s Ned Stark ’ s son , he try to protect someone else , even though it could end in misery . And sure enough , book-Robb make a tragic mistake that lead to many death , including his own .
 TV Robb isn ’ t facing an ethical dilemma — he ’ s disregarding honor entirely . He actively pursues this young woman , whom he find beautiful and intriguing , even though he ’ s already committed to an arranged marriage . He chooses to spend time with her when he could be sorting out troop movement , perusing battle plan or seeking counsel from his top lieutenant ( a slight that Roose Bolton doesn ’ t forget , and which lead to his participation in the Red Wedding ) . Even after Catelyn warns her son away from battlefield hookup when he ’ s betrothed to another , Robb continues flirting with Talisa .
 Because this is all presented a a love story , we ’ re supposed to root for the young lover . And isn ’ t Talisa a great catch — smart , sassy , good with amputation ? Best of all , she ’ s not taking side in this ugly war .
 Or is she ?
 In the book , Robb ’ s marriage to Jeyne wa a little more suspicious — and , quite possibly , a setup . The Westerlings may not have been privy to the entirety of the Red Wedding plan , but they had some sort of an “ understanding ” with Tywin , which included making sure Robb did not conceive an heir with his new bride . Jeyne never got pregnant , did not attend the massacre and is still alive .
 Knowing the extent of the Westerling conspiracy to undermine and destroy the Starks , some book reader were understandably confused by the show ’ s name-and-character swap between Jeyne and Talisa and the large deviation from the book plot . It didn ’ t help that the character wa originally listed a “ Jeyne Westerling , ” until George R.R . Martin suggested to the showrunners that if they were going to change Robb ’ s wife ’ s back story to make her a citizen from Volantis , they should also give her a Volantene name . ( Thus : “ Talisa Maegyr . ” )
 Conspiracy theory naturally arose that Talisa must be a Lannister loyalist posing a a Volantene noblewoman , and had been sent to seduce Robb and spy on him — in other word , she wa still Jeyne , but with the rest of the Westerlings excised . After all , she keep writing all these letter ! This honey pot theory wa debated throughout Seasons 2 and 3 , and the issue wasn ’ t settled until her death at the Red Wedding .
 It ’ s possible the showrunners did intend this character to be a spy at one point , but then decided that would make the story too complicated . Or maybe they just wanted a simple , tragic love story .
 In our last installment , we asked if you had any burning question — and boy , did you ! Two reader asked related question , which we ’ ve lighted edited for clarity :
 “ Why did Littlefinger have Lysa kill her husband ? What did Littlefinger have to gain in his death other than causing lot of chaos ? ” — Teresa Prather
 Control . Instead of allowing Jon Arryn to run to King Robert with the twincest news , Petyr Baelish can manipulate the release of this valuable information , to his own benefit . Knocking Arryn off the board also creates two vacancy : Hand of the King and Lord of the Vale . Hand of the King , he can predict , will be filled by the more gullible Ned Stark ( whose wife he ’ s long desired ) . Leadership of the Vale would fall to Lysa ( who is already in his thrall ) .
 Blaming the Lannisters for the murder set them against the biggest power block ( Houses Arryn , Tully , Stark and Baratheon ) , creating a feud in which he could play both side . Even if one of Littlefinger ’ s goal wa lot of chaos , it ’ s chaos with predictable outcome — a new king , hopefully one he can pick , and some land and title ( and their attendant wealth ) from whichever side win . Plus the pleasure of pulling all the string .
 “ How exactly did Tyrion manipulate Catelyn into releasing Jaime ? What wa the trick that he pulled ? ” — Mark Robson
 Tyrion ’ s manipulation is also aided by Littlefinger . In Season 2 , Episode 3 , Tyrion recruit Littlefinger for his “ next deception ” : to offer Catelyn a prisoner exchange — Jaime Lannister for her two daughter . One snag : the Lannisters don ’ t have both of the Stark daughter to trade . When Littlefinger present Catelyn the offer at Renly ’ s camp , he lie , implying Arya is safe and sound . He also give Catelyn Ned ’ s bone a a token of good faith . She fall for the bait and release the Kingslayer .
 Send your own question to gameofthrones @ nytimes.com .
 • Find a dragon , get a reward .
 • Steve Love doe impression .
 • Ever wonder what political attack ad would look like in Westeros ? Here .
 • House sigils for other TV family .
 • Go to a baby shower with Melisandre .
 • We know nothing , Jon Snow .
 If you missed the first Season 2 installment , it ’ s available here . Find our rewatch guide to Season 1 here and here .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 The epic fantasy series is more than just escape . It is a way of imagining our way to the future .
 By Annalee Newitz
 Ms. Newitz is a science journalist and novelist .
 “ Game of Thrones ” return on Sunday , and with it , the inevitable onslaught of “ winter is finally here ” meme and a sudden obsession with dragon , knight and internecine feudal politics . But the show is n't just warmed-over fantasy trope . Its conflict have become part of our public discourse , and Westeros , it fictional kingdom , ha become an allegory for America .
 This isn ’ t the first time a medieval fantasy ha served this purpose . “ Lord of the Rings ” grew out of J.R.R . Tolkien ’ s traumatic experience a a soldier in World War I . It achieved widespread popularity in the United States during the 1960s and ’ 70 , when hippy joked about electing the wise wizard Gandalf a president and wore “ Frodo Lives ! ” button , an emblem of their solidarity with the idyllic , communal life of the Shire .
 After the Sept. 11 attack , the massive multiplayer game “ World of Warcraft ” dominated the global gaming market . Its story of war between the orc-led Horde and human-led Alliance wa set in an immersive , intricately detailed medieval fantasy world . J.K. Rowling ’ s Harry Potter novel , in which the young hero battle an evil wizard who pervert democracy , climbed the best-seller list during the same period . Magic rule all of these realm , reducing complex social and political conflict to battle over spell and ensorcellment .
 Whenever there ’ s trouble in the land , it seems , our narrative appetite lead u backward in time , offering escape in tale of a world before modern statehood and techno-capitalism .
 But escapism isn ’ t just a flight from reality . Ursula Le Guin , the celebrated fantasy author , once asked , “ If a soldier is imprisoned by the enemy , don ’ t we consider it his duty to escape ? ” She wa writing about Tolkien , arguing that escapism in all it form is a survival strategy , a way to think ourselves out of trap . In Ms . Le Guin ’ s Earthsea novel , wizard craft magic out of word , trying to prevent a creeping global sickness by , in essence , telling the right story . If we think of fantasy a a way to escape from a dark fate , “ Game of Thrones ” is a skeleton key .
 In that case , what is the prison ? And why doe the path always seem to lead through the Middle Ages ?
 One possible answer is that “ Game of Thrones ” is not actually about the past at all . It fit within a long tradition of book suggesting that our planet ’ s distant future might look a lot like the distant past . This idea go back generation . In Edgar Rice Burroughs ’ s pulpy 1912 novella “ A Princess of Mars , ” a medieval Martian civilization is all that remains of a previously hyper-advanced , technologically sophisticated world . Jack Vance ’ s wildly popular 1950s series “ Dying Earth ” imagined an earth so old that it sun is fading , the moon is gone and magic rule . More recently , David Mitchell ’ s “ Cloud Atlas ” and N.K . Jemisin ’ s “ Broken Earth ” trilogy hint that the far future might look very much like ancient history . Both author describe world in which people have returned to Neolithic or medieval way of life , largely because their civilization have made catastrophic political and environmental mistake .
 It isn ’ t easy to imagine our distant future without fiction . We have computer model to forecast what century of climate change might do to the earth , and some vague notion of how this might transform our social and economic system . But when the crisis at hand is about election and economic recession , it ’ s hard to make decision that take that faraway world into account .
 Perhaps “ Game of Thrones ” function a a cultural reset button , inviting u to imagine how we might redo nationhood and industrialism if we had the chance . What if we could enter the modern era again , and do it right this time ? Maybe this time , enlightened despot won ’ t grind up the peasant in an endless war .
 That ’ s why pseudo-historical story are , oddly , the key to thinking about what come next for planet earth . Will our fortified border wall be all that remains after climate disaster ? Or will we finally put aside political rivalry to save ourselves ? We can explore our option while acknowledging the likelihood that we ’ ll make mistake .
 “ Game of Thrones ” feel relevant now , not simply because it allows u to speculate about which terrible real-life leader most resembles the sadistic King Joffrey , or see how climate change can blight the land with supernatural force . Like other medieval tale , “ Game of Thrones ” is not a precise allegory . Instead , it slakes our thirst for narrative that remind u that humanity will have a distant future , in whatever form it take . We are building it right now .
 In the near future , a we face the increasing likelihood of catastrophe , we need to unleash our imagination . We will need it to find the escape route .
 Annalee Newitz ( @ Annaleen ) , a science journalist , is the founder of the science-fiction website io9 and the author of a novel , “ Autonomous . ”
 The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letter to the editor . We ’ d like to hear what you think about this or any of our article . Here are some tip . And here ’ s our email : letter @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jeremy Egner
 This month mark the beginning of the end for “ Game of Thrones , ” the globally popular HBO hit that will kick off it final season on April 14 . But beginning next year , “ Thrones ” fan will be able to get their Westeros fix in person .
 HBO is turning one of the show ’ s former studio in Northern Ireland into a 110,000-square-foot tourist attraction . The Game of Thrones Studio Tour will be an interactive exhibition of the show ’ s set , costume , weapon and other prop , and include exhibit that break down how the technically ambitious fantasy blockbuster wa made . It will open in spring 2020 .
 “ It ’ s going to be an immersive experience where fan will feel like they are inside their favorite set from the show , ” said Jeff Peters , HBO ’ s vice president for licensing and retail .
 The tour will be at Linen Mill Studios in Banbridge , about 25 mile southwest of Belfast , where scene in the castle Winterfell and Castle Black and several sea battle were shot . But it will include the actual set and prop from all over the “ Thrones ” universe , which will be rebuilt and restored for public consumption by the same construction crew and artist who worked on the show , Peters said .
 [ Read more on how to rewatch the first seven season of “ Game of Thrones. ” ( This article contains spoiler . ) ]
 The project , inspired by Warner Bros. ’ s Harry Potter studio tour outside London , will be the first of perhaps four former “ Thrones ” filming location in Northern Ireland to be transformed into interactive fan experience . The others have not been finalized , but possibility include the still-standing set for King ’ s Landing , in Belfast , where the production wa based , and Castle Black and the Wall , in a quarry outside the city .
 The plan to create “ Thrones ” attraction wa first publicized last fall , but detail have been scarce . HBO wa planning to formally announce the Game of Thrones Studio Tour on Wednesday morning .
 The show ha previously spun off other real-world brand extension , like the “ Game of Thrones ” Live Concert Experience , featuring the composer Ramin Djawadi and a touring exhibition of artifact from the show . But the studio tour will offer the most in-depth “ Game of Thrones ” experience so far , allowing fan to walk through the same set where the show ’ s star like Lena Headey , Peter Dinklage and Emilia Clarke once inhabited the story .
 There are not currently plan to create similar attraction in the United States , but “ it ’ s possible , ” Peters said . “ We get pitched all the time , and we ’ re open to a lot of different opportunity . ”


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jeremy Egner
 “ Game of Thrones ” star past and present filled Radio City Music Hall earlier this month for the world premiere of the first episode of the fantasy saga ’ s eighth and final season , which debut Sunday on HBO . But in their speech before the screening , the creator David Benioff and D.B . Weiss gave some of their deepest thanks to someone who most of the crowd probably wouldn ’ t recognize .
 “ We only made it this far because of Bernadette Caulfield , the greatest producer alive , ” Benioff said .
 [ Read our complete guide to “ Game of Thrones ” and sign up for our newsletter . ]
 Caulfield , an executive producer for the show , isn ’ t a familiar to fan a Benioff or Weiss or actor like Emilia Clarke ( who play the dragon queen Daenerys Targaryen ) , Sophie Turner ( Sansa Stark ) and Lena Headey ( Cersei Lannister ) . But for those people , she is the real star of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 “ She ’ s the beating heart of our show , ” Clarke said .
 “ The woman that I want to grow up to be like , ” Turner said .
 “ The true Mother of Dragons , ” Headey said .
 “ The single best thing that ever happened to the show , ” Benioff and Weiss wrote in a joint email .
 Even a writer and showrunners have become celebrated in this age of intensely dissected series , television is still made mostly by the unsung — all those name in the credit that turn the script into actual television .
 This is especially true for “ Game of Thrones. ” With it sprawling tale unfolding in a wide variety of environment , it wa almost certainly the most technically complicated series ever made , at time running five unit ( film crew ) simultaneously , on multiple continent , to complete a given season on time .
 And they rarely shot simple scene — “ Game of Thrones ” became a sensation partly through gobsmacking sequence involving elaborate battle , people on fire and the occasional bear . It inhabited cliff , crypt and cave in Northern Ireland . It closed city street in Spain and Croatia to film riot , insurgency and a nude walk of shame . It took a crew into an Icelandic blizzard to capture the world beyond the Wall .
 [ Less blabbing , more stabbing : Read how spectacle won “ Game of Thrones . ” ]
 Whatever your feeling about the show itself , it is inarguably a marvel of scale and execution . ( Over eight season , it used nearly 13,000 extra in Northern Ireland alone . ) And if you ask nearly anyone associated with it who the linchpin holding the entire thing together wa the answer is “ Bernie . ”
 “ Without her , the whole thing would have collapsed under it own weight long ago , ” Benioff and Weiss said .
 “ Well , I wish I wa that important , ” Caulfield said when I reached her in England , where she ’ s working on Joss Whedon ’ s new series , “ The Nevers , ” for HBO . “ But obviously it take a major team to put it together . ”
 That team included her “ wingman , ” the producer Chris Newman , and the show ’ s production designer , Deborah Riley , among many , many others . But Caulfield wa the person in charge of everything , the creator said , overseeing all aspect of the production , from the enormously complex logistical planning to the budget and production schedule to the “ health and happiness of the crew . ”
 For Caulfield , however , the task wa relatively straightforward . “ My job is to make whatever they write on the page come to the screen , ” she said .
 Caulfield grew up in upstate New York and went to high school in Rochester , where she also worked in local theater . When a movie filmed in the area in 1981 , she signed on a a production assistant and wa bitten by the show-business bug — she moved to Los Angeles within a year . As she rose through the industry rank , she worked with some of the most esteemed producer in Hollywood , including Steven Bochco ( on “ Brooklyn South ” and “ Philly ” ) , Michael Mann ( “ Robbery Homicide Division ” ) and Ridley and Tony Scott ( “ The Good Wife ” ) .
 She honed her multiple-unit chop a a producer on “ The X-Files ” and then later on the HBO polygamy drama “ Big Love. ” As that show wa wrapping up in 2011 , she heard about “ sort of a fantasy , medieval piece ” the network wa shooting in Britain . She joined “ Game of Thrones ” for it second season , replacing the outgoing producer Mark Huffam .
 It ’ s easy to forget now , given the cavalcade of spectacle “ Game of Thrones ” ha become , that it wa a much quieter show in the early day . The dragon were glorified lizard and the first big combat sequence , the Battle of the Blackwater , didn ’ t come until the end of Season 2 .
 Season 3 brought sign of the expansion to come , with new world and more extreme element , like the bear that Brienne of Tarth ( Gwendoline Christie ) squared off with in one gonzo sequence .
 “ Gwendoline said , ‘ I can ’ t believe I ’ m working with a live bear here ! , ’ and David said , ‘ I know , I didn ’ t believe that Bernie would actually do this , ’ ” Caulfield recalled , laughing . “ I didn ’ t think I had any option but to do it . ”
 [ Read our “ Game of Thrones ” Season 8 preview . ]
 As the story and budget grew , from $ 5 million per episode in the early day to a much a $ 15 million in Season 8 , so did the production . If it wasn ’ t explicitly a goal for the show to top itself each season , that wa the practical result of a story that grew from a clash of clan to a transcontinental war to — this season — a battle against an undead army for the survival of humankind .
 “ She created a production that could effectively scale up from season to season without losing either it efficiency or it heart , ” Benioff and Weiss said . “ There are so many version of ‘ Game of Thrones ’ that would have fallen apart under the strain of producing 10 increasingly big hour of television on a 12-month schedule . Pretty much every version except the Bernie version . ”
 When Caulfield wasn ’ t on some far-flung set or checking out the action on any of the six stage at the show ’ s Belfast studio , she wa in the production office planning — prepping new director , new shoot , new country . “ It really wa the Game of Meetings , ” she said .
 But it wa her “ gruff love of every damn person on the show , ” Benioff and Weiss said , that made her beloved by the people she wa ordering around in often extreme condition .
 “ I know how heavy cable is ; I know what the crew ha to go through — I ’ m actually married to a dolly grip , ” she said . “ Sometimes he ’ d say , ‘ You love your crew more than me. ’ Probably at that moment I do , because I have to . ”
 The most emotionally taxing day were the one that involved lighting people on fire . Stunt coordinator will generally say fall are the most dangerous , but the shoot that stick in Caulfield ’ s memory is the scene in the fighting pit of Meereen in Season 6 , when the big dragon Drogon — on set represented by a long pole with a ball on the end — torched multiple victim . The execution of the scene involved a flamethrower on a dolly rolling past , igniting multiple stunt performer .
 “ They say they don ’ t worry and they love doing it , but I think they ’ re all crazy , ” she said .
 The maternal dynamic extended to the actor , whose growing fame led to ever more demanding schedule to juggle a the show itself became more physically strenuous . “ She literally wa the mum of the whole thing , ” Clarke said .
 “ It wa like , ‘ Listen , I know we ’ re in the middle of a field and it ’ s 3 a.m. and it ’ s the second month of night shoot and everyone ’ s exhausted and everyone ’ s screaming at you because you are the person that everyone come to for everything , but can I just talk to you about this Dothraki line I ’ ve got next week ? ’ ” she added . “ And she will . ”
 Caulfield ’ s angst antenna bordered on the uncanny , they say . Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , who play the redeemed rogue Jaime Lannister , recalled a time when a stressful personal situation had him on the brink of an on-set tantrum .
 “ Suddenly she wa next to me very gently saying , ‘ Hey are you O.K . ? ’ ” he said . “ And just the way she said that made me look at myself from the outside and see that I wa about to turn into one of those horrible actors. ” He continued , “ So I am really grateful that she stopped me from becoming a complete fool . ”
 Caulfield acknowledged that whatever considerable scheduling , weather and budgeting obstacle she overcame on “ Game of Thrones , ” her most important attribute on a production full of ice and fire and many flavor of human toil , wa her emotional intelligence . “ I do feel like I ’ m sensitive to seeing somebody who ’ s not smiling a much , ” she said .
 “ I still run into a lot of different crew , and you know , you hug them like you don ’ t want to let go , ” she said . “ A lot of people felt like it wa time to move on , but I also think if it went on another five year , everybody would have hung in there for five year . Because it meant that much to all of u . ”
 An earlier version of this article described in error the attendee at the “ Game of Thrones ” premiere . Bernadette Caulfield wa present , not absent .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 LOS ANGELES — When the last drop — or gallon — of blood is shed and an exultant victor ha ascended to the Iron Throne , viewer may be split over how HBO 's fantasy saga ended but they 'll be joined in deprivation .
 `` What do you do without 'Game of Thrones ? ' '' will be the lament heard after the May 19 finale , said medium industry analyst Larry Gerbrandt . The question is even more critical to the pay-cable channel , which soared on dragon 's wing with it hugely popular , eight-season adaptation of George R.R . Martin 's novel .
 Keeping subscriber on board mean more than another hit , even one a globally dazzling a `` Game of Thrones '' proved to be . But it 's where HBO can start to protect it brand and position , observer say , an effort both demanded and compounded by an increasingly congested small-screen landscape and the expectation of the channel 's corporate owner since 2016 , AT & T .
 `` I think they need a prestige show on this level to remain HBO , '' Bill Carter , a medium analyst for CNN and former reporter for The New York Times . But `` more than ever , it 's really hard to find a hit show and to break through in this marketplace . ''
 Sunday 's season premiere underscored the point , with `` Game of Thrones '' drawing a series-high record of 17.4 million viewer on TV and streaming . It set a streaming record for HBO and reinforced it standing a one of television 's most popular show .
 The channel is well into the hunt for a worthy successor , with one possibility an untitled prequel to `` Game of Thrones '' created by Martin and Jane Goldman and starring Naomi Watts . Set to begin shooting a pilot in June , it 's among several potential `` Thrones '' spinoffs being weighed , with discussion at HBO about `` how many is too many , '' said programming chief Casey Bloys .
 `` We have high hope '' for the pilot , he said . `` But I want to be clear , nobody is going into this thinking that we 're going to do a prequel and all of a sudden everybody who automatically watched 'Game of Thrones ' is going to watch this . ... It 'll have a different feel and different rhythm . We 're not trying to do the same show again . ''
 That begs the question of what more HBO ha to offer , he said . During a period in which `` Game of Thrones '' wa off the air for scheduling reason , series including `` Westworld , '' `` Sharp Objects '' and `` Barry '' proved strong draw , Bloys said .
 `` I 'm not going to argue that we wo n't miss 'Game of Thrones . ' It 's been a fantastic show for u , but life doe go on , '' he said . He point to a deep bench of returnees , including Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon 's `` Big Little Lies , '' and newcomer including the graphic novel-based `` Watchmen '' from `` Lost '' producer Damon Lindelof . One marquee series that 's also in it final season : the much-admired comedy `` Veep , '' with Julia Louis-Dreyfus .
 HBO , which launched in 1972 and whose cachet ha long justified the boastful slogan , `` It 's not TV . It 's HBO , '' ha reached this crossroad before . At the turn of the century , pop-culture sensation `` The Sopranos '' and `` Sex and the City '' boosted the channel 's visibility and subscriber and made it a serious player for prestige award — including cable 's first-ever Emmys for best drama and comedy series . After the show wrapped , the channel moved nimbly on with audience-pleasers including `` Six Feet Under '' and `` True Blood . ''
 But that wa then , and this is the time of streaming — or , in shorthand , Netflix , along with a growing host of others including Amazon and Hulu — and a shoulder-bumping rush for star and showmakers to churn out more and more fare for outlet already awash in programming .
 HBO , no longer a singular alternative to staid broadcast network , also got new corporate ownership when AT & T bought it parent company , Time Warner . HBO recently saw the exit of it chief executive , Richard Plepler , who had been with the channel for nearly 30 year and guided it to `` Game of Thrones '' glory .
 With AT & T 's resource , HBO ha stepped up production and will see a 50 % increase in the number of original program hour this year , Bloys said , arguing that volume doe n't preclude high quality : `` There 's nothing in 2019 that we 're putting on the air because we 're trying to hit an hour count . ... We have n't lowered any of our standard to reach a certain level of programming '' and there is no pressure to do otherwise from WarnerMedia CEO John Stankey , he said .
 Subscribers ultimately will decide whether the show are what they want . But expanding the pipeline is unavoidable , said Tuna Amobi , a medium and entertainment analyst with investment firm CFRA .
 `` It 's a very different competitive landscape for HBO than it wa when they launched 'Game of Thrones , ' and they realize that . That 's why you see them ratcheting up their investment in their programming , '' Amobi said . Also key is how HBO 's online platform is integrated with planned WarnerMedia streaming offering to reach the broadest audience possible and make full use of it content , he added .
 HBO `` can not rely on the old way of doing thing and hope that being a premium channel will bail you out , '' he said .
 `` Game of Thrones , '' which debuted in 2011 , ha flourished despite the confounding number of small-screen choice . From it first-season average weekly tally of 9.3 million cumulative viewer , the series rose to a seventh-season high of 32.8 million across all HBO platform , including the channel itself and streaming service HBO Go and HBO Now and over a period extending 30 day beyond the season 's end .
 It benefited from the devoted following for Martin 's `` A Song of Ice and Fire '' clutch of novel . It wa richly and painstakingly produced , filmed in 10 country including Northern Ireland , the Republic of Ireland , Morocco , Iceland and Canada . Its appealing cast became household name , and the female character that grew in stature and strength a the drama unfolded are routinely namechecked a part of the female-empowerment zeitgeist .
 `` Game of Thrones '' could boast of it Emmy dominance a well , with 47 trophy to date including three best drama series award . Last year , it denied a second consecutive win to a worthy opponent , Hulu 's `` The Handmaid 's Tale , '' but HBO itself lost valuable Emmy bragging right : It wa surpassed in total nomination for the first time in 17 year and by relative newcomer Netflix , and the streamer tied HBO in win .
 Analyst Gerbrandt , of Media Valuation Partners , is n't counting the channel out . Many viewer still like so-called `` curated '' TV delivered to them , a opposed to searching online through dozen or hundred of offering , he said . There 's also the power of perception at work .
 `` If there 's a brand that survives strictly on name , it 's probably HBO , '' he said .
 ___
 Lynn Elber can be reached at lelber @ ap.org and on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/lynnelber .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 NEW YORK — American linguist David J. Peterson may have built up the unique and ancient language for the television series `` Game of Thrones '' but when it come to who speaks Valyrian best , there 's no contest .
 `` The best is Jacob Anderson , '' Peterson told Reuters . `` He play Gray Worm on 'Game of Thrones ' and he 's so good , he 's so good . He is head and shoulder better than me . ''
 `` When I heard him the first time speak the Valyrian language I just said , 'wow . ' I went back and re-watched it , '' he said .
 Peterson , a co-founder of the Language Creation Society , started off by building on a few key word and phrase created by George R.R . Martin in his `` A Song of Ice and Fire '' novel that form the basis of the HBO hit medieval fantasy series about warring family .
 `` I did n't reference any other language . After I included all of ( Martin 's ) material I built it up in a way that I thought book reader and George R.R . Martin himself would expect and appreciate . ''
 When Peterson got the script for the TV show , producer tagged all the line he had to translate into Valyrian or Dothraki .
 He then broke up the language syllable by syllable for the actor , and recorded it for them .
 `` I record really slow so they can hear exactly how it 's pronounced , and then I record the English for reference , '' Peterson said .
 Although the final season of `` Game of Thrones '' start on Sunday , the language will go on living .
 Peterson ha developed a course on the Duolingo foreign language app where fan can learn to speak Valyrian for free . According to the Duolingo app , there are currently over 800,000 active Valyrian learner - more than those learning Norwegian or Hindi .
 `` I also do all the recording so that 's my voice that you 're hearing when you use the app . And I also take it myself because it 's nice to brush up , '' Peterson said .
 ( Reporting by Reuters Television ; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 NEW YORK — American linguist David J. Peterson may have built up the unique and ancient language for the television series `` Game of Thrones '' but when it come to who speaks Valyrian best , there 's no contest .
 `` The best is Jacob Anderson , '' Peterson told Reuters . `` He play Grey Worm on 'Game of Thrones ' and he 's so good , he 's so good . He is head and shoulder better than me . ''
 `` When I heard him the first time speak the Valyrian language I just said , 'wow . ' I went back and re-watched it , '' he said .
 Peterson , a co-founder of the Language Creation Society , started off by building on a few key word and phrase created by George R.R . Martin in his `` A Song of Ice and Fire '' novel that form the basis of the HBO hit medieval fantasy series about warring family .
 `` I did n't reference any other language . After I included all of ( Martin 's ) material I built it up in a way that I thought book reader and George R.R . Martin himself would expect and appreciate . ''
 When Peterson got the script for the TV show , producer tagged all the line he had to translate into Valyrian or Dothraki .
 He then broke up the language syllable by syllable for the actor , and recorded it for them .
 `` I record really slow so they can hear exactly how it 's pronounced , and then I record the English for reference , '' Peterson said .
 Although the final season of `` Game of Thrones '' start on Sunday , the language will go on living .
 Peterson ha developed a course on the Duolingo foreign language app where fan can learn to speak Dothraki and Valyrian for free . According to the Duolingo app , there are currently over 800,000 active Valyrian learner - more than those learning Norwegian or Hindi .
 `` I also do all the recording so that 's my voice that you 're hearing when you use the app . And I also take it myself because it 's nice to brush up , '' Peterson said .
 ( Reporting by Reuters Television ; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 NEW YORK — HBO 's `` Game of Thrones '' lived up to the hype . This past weekend 's season premiere stand a the most-watched one-day event in the history of the cable network that began in 1978 .
 The Nielsen company said 17.4 million people watched the Sunday opener to the show 's final season , either live on the network at 9 p.m. , streamed , through HBO 's on-demand service or during two rerun that aired later that night . Nielsen ca n't account for people who watched more than once .
 HBO 's previous high-water mark wa last season 's finale of `` Game of Thrones , '' making it likely that this new HBO record will be eclipsed when the series end on May 19 .
 Nielsen said that 11.8 million people watched the season premiere traditionally , meaning when it first aired on the network at 9 p.m .
 The number are likely to keep going up ; HBO estimate that 32.8 million people watched each episode of the show last season . That includes people who watched week after it first aired and repeat viewer .
 Viewership for the show is more impressive when you consider that HBO is a service that people have to specifically pay for . It is available in around 35 million household in the United States , or roughly a third of the number of home that can see CBS , NBC and ABC .
 Tiger Woods ' stirring comeback in the Masters gave CBS it biggest audience for that marquee golf tournament in six year , Nielsen said . Sunday 's final round , which wa moved up several hour due to the threat of bad weather in Georgia , averaged 10.8 million viewer . The broadcast 's peak came when Woods won shortly after 2 p.m . ET , with 18.3 million viewer .
 CBS easily won the week in prime-time , averaging 7.1 million viewer . ABC had 4.5 million viewer , NBC had 3.7 million , Fox had 2.3 million , Univision had 1.3 million , ION Television had 1.2 million , Telemundo had 1.1 million and the CW had 700,000 .
 Fox News Channel wa the week 's most popular cable network , averaging 2.38 million viewer in prime time . MSNBC had 1.56 million , HGTV had 1.182 million , USA had 1.177 million and TNT had 1.11 million .
 ABC 's `` World News Tonight '' topped the evening newscast with an average of 7.9 million viewer . NBC 's `` Nightly News '' wa second with 7.5 million and the `` CBS Evening News '' had 5.5 million viewer .
 For the week of April 8-14 , the top 10 show , their network and viewerships : NCAA Men 's Basketball Championship : Virginia vs. Texas Tech , CBS , 19.72 million ; `` NCIS , '' CBS , 11.82 million ; `` Game of Thrones , '' HBO , 11.76 million ; `` 60 Minutes , '' CBS , 8.72 million ; `` The Code , '' CBS , 8.14 million ; `` Blue Bloods , '' CBS , 8.09 million ; `` The Voice '' ( Monday ) , NBC , 7.62 million ; `` Survivor , '' CBS , 7.6 million ; `` NCAA Basketball Pre-Game Show , '' CBS , 7.47 million ; `` The Voice '' ( Tuesday ) , NBC , 7.32 million .
 ___
 ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. CBS is owned by CBS Corp. CW is a joint venture of Warner Bros. Entertainment and CBS Corp. Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox . NBC and Telemundo are owned by Comcast Corp. ION Television is owned by ION Media Networks .
 ___
 Online :
 http : //www.nielsen.com
 HBO 's `` Game of Thrones '' lived up to the hype . This past weekend 's season premiere stand a the most-watched one-day event in the history of the cable network that began in 1978 .
 The Nielsen company said 17.4 million people watched the Sunday opener to the show 's final season , either live on the network at 9 p.m. , streamed , through HBO 's on-demand service or during two rerun that aired later that night .
 There 's a good chance that number will be eclipsed next month when the series sign off for good .
 Meanwhile , CBS had it biggest audience for the Masters in six year with Tiger Woods ' stirring comeback .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 WASHINGTON — It wa never going to be easy to pull together a motley band of warrior eunuch , Wildling anarchist , nomadic horse lord , fire-belching dragon and , most of all , north country folk who do n't much like or trust outsider .
 Not even when they face near certain death at the hand of an army of ice zombie .
 But the `` Game of Thrones '' hero Jon Snow should n't abandon hope . Forging cross-cultural merger is difficult — but can pay off for those with the perseverance to see them through .
 In the Associated Press ' weekly `` Wealth of Westeros `` series , we 'll be following the HBO fantasy show 's latest plot twist and analyzing the economic and business force driving the story . This week , a Snow try to rally the realm against the Night King and his White Walkers , we look at real-life effort to bring different culture together in common cause .
 In Episode 1 of the series ' eighth and final season , Snow is getting pushback , even from his ( ostensible ) sister , a he try to rally the North under the command of an exotic outsider : Daenerys Targaryen , Mother of Dragons , Breaker of Chains , etc . And Snow ha learned the hard way how risky it can be for Northmen to accept change . In fact , back in the fifth season , it got him killed ( and eventually resurrected — but that 's another story ) .
 In the actual business world , combining different culture can be tricky . Desperation merger , like the one Snow is trying to pull off , can be especially difficult . Struggling retailer Sears and Kmart came together in 2005 but the resulting company found itself in bankruptcy proceeding late last year . And facing competition from highway and airplane , the Pennsylvania Railroad Co. and New York Central Railroad Co. merged in 1968 — and found themselves seeking bankruptcy protection two year later .
 In a report last fall , the Harvard Business Review argued that Amazon 's much-ballyhooed takeover of Whole Foods ha run into trouble because the two company ' culture do n't mesh . Amazon is highly structured , disciplined and known for top-down decision-making . Whole Foods traditionally took a looser approach , built around self-managing team . The problem in combining those culture , the author wrote , `` were completely predictable . ''
 The culture clash can get more complicated when merger cross border . Many company do n't even try . A 2012 study in the Journal of Financial Economics found that `` the volume of cross-border merger is lower when country are more culturally distant . ''
 And yet , the author note , `` Cross-border merger occur because they create value . '' Indeed , return from cross-border merger , they found , are 44 % percent higher than return from domestic merger .
 Overall , University of Chicago economist Steve Kaplan reject the widely held view that most merger fail . When looking at the shareholder value created for both buyer and seller for the past 30 year , `` the overall value of both acquirer and acquired increase , which indicates that the market belief the announced deal will create value , '' he wrote in 2016 for the `` Chicago Booth Review , '' a publication by the university 's business school .
 Even if Sansa dislike Daenerys , she 's still better off with dragon a part of an allied army . Likewise , Daenerys lack the logistical know-how to feed her eunuch troop and dragon during a Westeros winter .
 Yet merger can also be fundamentally painful for those without golden parachute , stock holding — or , in the case of `` Game of Thrones , '' the right bloodline .
 Consider Hoover , the famed vacuum cleaner company once based in North Canton , Ohio . It employed roughly 3,000 people around northeast Ohio in 2000 , a figure that began to fall in 2004 after being acquired by Maytag . But then Whirlpool purchased Maytag a few year later , selling Hoover to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries . Those Hoover job around North Canton were ultimately cut or sent to other part of the country .
 In a sense , the shareholder saw it wa in their best interest not to be loyal to the community that nurtured the vacuum company . And this is part of the challenge for Jon Snow in this ad-hoc merger a the Stark sister wonder where his loyalty ultimately lie .
 At least Jon Snow ha a role model a he try to bring together Wildlings , the Unsullied , the Dothraki and the bickering house of the North : Mance Rayder managed to unify the land beyond the Wall against the White Walker menace , convincing such unsociable folk a giant and man-eating Thenns to join his Wildling army .
 True , Rayder wound up being burned alive for refusing to accept someone else 's leadership . But grisly death is one of the risk you take when you play the Game of Thrones . Tread carefully , Jon .
 ___
 Follow Paul Wiseman on Twitter at http : //Twitter.com/PaulWisemanAP
 Follow Josh Boak on Twitter at http : //Twitter.com/JoshBoak
 Follow Christopher Rugaber on Twitter at http : //Twitter.com/ChrisRugaber
 ___
 Read the Wealth of Westeros archive : http : //www.apnews.com/WealthofWesteros
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Times Insider
 We wanted a cover for Arts & Leisure that wa appropriately spectacular for the show ’ s final season . A life-size throne seemed a bit over budget .
 By Kathleen Massara
 Times Insider explains who we are and what we do , and delivers behind-the-scenes insight into how our journalism come together .
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” begin April 14 , and since the show is one of the most ambitious on TV , we wanted a cover for Arts & Leisure that wa appropriately spectacular .
 The original concept wa to chisel a life-size ice throne , but a Meeta Agrawal , the editor of Arts & Leisure , pointed out , that wa more in the realm of television budget than newspaper one .
 Instead , we decided to build the headline out of ice . This seemed more manageable on deadline ( and le expensive ) . But then there wa the issue of the font .
 “ We had all these idea of what we wanted , ” recount Jennifer Ledbury , an art director at The Times , including Gothic-style serif font that were evocative of the castles-and-dragons aesthetic of Thrones . “ They were all shot down because you ’ re working with actual ice ; it ’ s a physical thing , with certain limitation . ”
 So the ice sculptor , Shintaro Okamoto , used a simple sans serif text .
 The cover we went with wa conceived the night before the photo shoot , when Heather Haggerty , an art director at The Times , wa out to dinner with her husband . They were having a discussion about how best to photograph the letter spelling “ GAME OVER ? ” He drew an angle for the shot on a napkin , she say , laughing . “ When we got to the set I brought in a crappy napkin drawing of the G that we sort of followed . ”
 When viewed from that angle , the G began to resemble the Wall that “ Game of Thrones ” fan know so well .
 But the team also wanted to incorporate fire , which wa an important element in the show . They decided to melt the letter using a blowtorch , then film the result with a stop-motion camera .
 When the ice arrived at the studio , everyone wa surprised . “ We spent some time gaping at it , ” recall Jeff Harris , the photographer on the project . “ And it wa harder to melt than we thought . ”
 In order to speed up the process , Jeff explains , “ we used some trick of the trade , ” including Freon , a smoke machine , metal fire , a flamethrower and a heat gun , a well a some Tinactin foot spray , which gave the ice “ a frosty appearance . ”
 At minus 109.3 degree , the dry ice took about three hour to melt , which caused some problem for the stop-motion video . The stylist , Ed Gabriels , wearing heavy glove , had to pick up the letter and reposition them when they slid out of place . He kept thinking , “ What happens if I drop one ? ”
 Luckily , it all worked out — and Amanda Boe and Christy Harmon , our photo editor , finessed the result .
 The final effect ? A visual nod to the series of epic fantasy novel on which the show is based : “ A Song of Ice and Fire . ”
 Follow the @ ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspective and experience and for insight into how we work .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Aisha Harris
 It ’ s finally here .
 On Tuesday , the trailer for the final season of “ Game of Thrones ” wa released , and it reflects what fan already know : These final , near-feature length episode are going to be really , really big .
 [ Thinking about rewatching “ Game of Thrones ? ” Here ’ s our Season 1 rewatch guide . ]
 Here we get titillating glimpse of the final battle to come : Daenerys Targaryen and Jon Snow , steely a they lead their army on horseback ; Grey Worm donning his helmet ; the foot of a White Walker ’ s horse touching down in Westeros .
 Want exclusive “ Thrones ” interview and news , a well a the internet ’ s best article on that week ’ s episode ? Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here .
 “ I know death , ” say Arya Stark . “ He ’ s got many face . I look forward to seeing this one . ”
 “ Game of Thrones ” start it final season April 14 . If you ’ re an obsessive and can hardly wait until then , subscribe to our “ Thrones ” newsletter , where we are revisiting every previous season of the show in the lead-up to the premiere .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 LOS ANGELES — The first episode of the final season of `` Game of Thrones '' is a record-breaker for the series and HBO .
 The pay channel said the 17.4 million viewer who watched Sunday 's episode either on TV or online represent a season-opening high for the fantasy saga .
 HBO Now also posted it biggest streaming night ever , the channel said Monday .
 The episode topped the 16.1 million who saw the seventh-season premiere and the 16.9 million who watched that season 's finale .
 Reflecting increasing audience fondness for streaming , HBO saw about a 50 percent increase in online viewing compared to last season 's finale . In comparison to the season-seven premiere , the streaming audience nearly doubled .
 `` Game of Thrones '' ultimately averaged 32.8 million viewer per episode last season in cumulative TV and online viewership , HBO said .
 Advertisement
 The phenomenally popular ( and lucrative ) HBO show could go the way of “ Star Wars , ” Harry Potter and Disney ’ s Marvelverse .
 CreditCreditPhoto illustration by Jeff Harris for The New York Times ; Styling by Ed Gabriels
 Supported by
 By Jeremy Egner
 When “ Game of Thrones ” finally wrap up on May 19 , at least one of the story ’ s central figure would like the end to be the actual end .
 “ Why [ expletive ] with it ? ” Emilia Clarke , the Dragon Queen herself , said recently .
 “ It ’ s a phenomenon that no one ever saw coming , so I completely understand why anyone would be like , let ’ s make 1,500 more since that ’ s a recipe that work , ” she added . “ I just don ’ t think they should . ”
 Pop culture trend and market pressure might ultimately work against her , however , and a prequel pilot is already in the work . So a HBO ’ s biggest ever hit prepares to begin it final season on April 14 , a definitional question hang over it future : Is “ Game of Thrones ” a series ? Or is it a universe ?
 Based on viewing , industry impact and global attention , “ Thrones ” is one of the biggest blockbuster in TV history . But a giant corporation buy one another and plan bottomless new streaming platform in an ever more feverish battle for your eyeball and entertainment dollar , blockbuster are not enough anymore .
 So while there are only six episode remaining in the sprawling saga of Jon Snow , Daenerys Targaryen , Tyrion and friend , we ’ ve likely only begun exploring Westeros .
 Consider “ Star Wars. ” Since Disney bought Lucasfilm in 2012 for $ 4 billion , it ha strip-mined the franchise , conceiving multiple movie trilogy , stand-alone film and TV series , a well a an enormous presence in Disney ’ s theme park . ( Next up for the “ Thrones ” creator David Benioff and D.B . Weiss : A series of “ Star Wars ” film . )
 Or Harry Potter ( like “ Game of Thrones , ” part of the WarnerMedia empire ) , which after the eight film based on the book is now deep into the “ Fantastic Beasts ” prequel series , and also ha tourist attraction all over the world .
 Or the mightiest pop culture universe of all : Disney ’ s Marvel , which later this month will close out the “ Avengers ” filament of the Marvelverse , with “ Avengers : Endgame , ” but in June extend the X-Men branch with “ Dark Phoenix , ” starring Sansa Stark herself , Sophie Turner .
 So wouldn ’ t the phenomenally popular ( and lucrative ) “ Game of Thrones ” be a prime candidate for a similar treatment ?
 The case in favor includes nearly every detail surrounding the show . In February , AT & T received final clearance for it $ 85.4 billion merger with HBO ’ s corporate parent Time Warner , and will launch a WarnerMedia streaming platform to compete with coming service from Disney — which also just closed a $ 71.3 billion deal to buy 21st Century Fox — and Apple , along with the existing stalwart Netflix , Amazon and Hulu .
 The streaming service will draw from Warner ’ s vast collection of film and show from property like Warner Bros. and Turner a well a HBO . HBO Now , the network ’ s current streaming app , is expected to stick around but HBO ’ s original series and other offering will be incorporated into the WarnerMedia service , meaning “ Game of Thrones ” could appear alongside the like of Harry Potter movie , “ Wonder Woman ” and “ Friends . ”
 John Stankey , the AT & T executive put in charge of WarnerMedia , ha said HBO will get a bigger programming budget in order to ramp up production . “ We want to increase our investment in premium content , ” he said last summer on an earnings call . How much , if any , of that content will be “ Thrones ” -related is an open question . ( AT & T declined to comment . ) But the telecom presumably didn ’ t buy Time Warner just to let one of it most valuable piece of intellectual property go dark .
 “ Thrones ” is also already based on a universe , the Song of Ice and Fire series created by George R.R . Martin , that is so dense with history and lore , it could fuel dozen of series and movie .
 “ The universe is too rich not to try , ” said Casey Bloys , HBO ’ s president of programming . “ But on the other hand , I also don ’ t want to do it just to do it . ”
 The prequel pilot , created by Martin and Jane Goldman , will go into production this summer . Set thousand of year before the event of “ Game of Thrones , ” it will explore the history of the White Walkers and the Stark family , and star Naomi Watts and Miranda Richardson , among others . It wa one of multiple prequel concept commissioned by HBO , which hasn ’ t ruled out moving forward with any of the others at some point .
 And starting next year , “ Thrones ” fan — like “ Star Wars , ” Potter and Marvel devotee — will be able to get their fix in the flesh .
 The Game of Thrones Studio Tour , a 110,000-square-foot tourist attraction , is slated to open in spring 2020 in Northern Ireland , where most of the show wa produced . The project , inspired by Warner Bros. ’ s Harry Potter studio tour outside London , will transform the Linen Mill Studios in Banbridge , where part of “ Thrones ” were shot , into an interactive exhibition of the show ’ s set , costume , prop and weapon .
 “ It ’ s going to be an immersive experience where fan will feel like they are inside their favorite set from the show , ” said Jeff Peters , HBO ’ s vice president for licensing and retail .
 Linen Mill Studios will be the first of a many a four former “ Thrones ” filming location in Northern Ireland to be transformed into interactive fan experience — other possibility include the still-standing set for King ’ s Landing , in Belfast , and Castle Black and the Wall , in a quarry outside the city . While there are not currently plan to create similar attraction in the United States , “ it ’ s possible , ” Peters said . “ We get pitched all the time , and we ’ re open to a lot of different opportunity . ”
 It ’ s worth noting that there are some potential obstacle to “ Game of Thrones ” becoming the next “ Star Wars. ” One is the firmly TV-MA tenor of the series — the risqué material precludes youngster from fueling the franchise a actively a they do for others . ( HBO argues that this will keep “ Thrones ” relevant even if it doesn ’ t add more series , a new generation discover the saga . )
 Another is HBO itself . The network became the crown jewel of television through it taste and commitment to quality ( the occasional “ Arli $ $ ” notwithstanding ) . It ’ s known for walking away from numerous pilot that didn ’ t meet it standard , and will only turn the prequel into an actual series if it life up to “ Thrones , ” Bloys said . “ I want to honor the high bar that Dan and David set with the original show , ” he said .
 As a result , it ’ s way too early to even start thinking of “ Thrones ” a a franchise , he added .
 “ To me , franchise denotes multiple film or multiple TV show living at the same time , ” he said . “ Not having even turned a camera on the prequel just yet , it ’ s premature to say at this point , to declare we ’ re going to have multiple series living at once . ”
 AT & T , however , ha shown no sign of being a hands-off or particularly patient owner . The former HBO chief executive Richard Plepler , a responsible a anyone for the network ’ s taste-making reputation , abruptly left the company two day after the Warner purchase received final clearance .
 There are already sign that AT & T plan to treat “ Thrones ” a one more synergistic cog in it corporate machine . Kristian Nairn , who played the fan favorite Hodor , wa tapped to appear this week at an AT & T store in Boston , where customer could also enter a sweepstakes for a seat on a “ Dragon Wagon ” to the season premiere in New York .
 One faction that is not much interested in any new version of “ Game of Thrones ” : the star of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 None of the current “ Thrones ” actor are involved with the pilot or have had any role in it development . The prequel “ came a a shock to all of u , ” Clarke said .
 The general sentiment from Clarke and others about any future “ Thrones ” series amount to basically , I wish them the best , I had the time of my life , but I ’ m out . ( One exception : the ever cagey Varys . “ Never say never , ” said Conleth Hill , who play him . )
 This isn ’ t terribly surprising , given the length and physical demand of “ Game of Thrones ” — and who know which character will survive the final season ? But the ongoing loosening of TV format would seem to open up plenty of opportunity , even for character that get killed off . What “ Thrones ” fan wouldn ’ t want a mini-series or HBO movie depicting prehistory like , say , Robert ’ s Rebellion and the event that turned Jaime Lannister into the Kingslayer ?
 Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , who play Jaime , hope the prequel is “ even more successful than ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ ” he said . But he ’ s not interested in ever returning to Westeros .
 “ You could only set yourself up for disappointment , ” he said . “ It ’ s been an amazing 10 year , but 10 year is a fair amount of time . ”
 Don ’ t count on a Sansa mini-series either . “ I never want to be in a corset ever again , ” Turner said .
 That said , there could be other opportunity for “ Thrones ” veteran if the show expands into the next great franchise . Its star might be at the pinnacle of the pop culture universe now , a the final season draw near , but some have been around long enough to know how quickly such thing can change .
 “ The cast member that now are so confident about the future , ” Coster-Waldau said . “ Five year from now we will all be guide at the Game of Thrones Land . ”
 Sopan Deb and John Koblin contributed reporting .
 Jeremy Egner is the television editor , overseeing coverage of the medium and the people who make it . He joined The Times in 2008 . @ jegner
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 LOS ANGELES — Some 17.4 million Americans watched the first episode of the final season of television 's `` Game of Thrones '' - a record audience for the medieval fantasy series , cable channel HBO said on Monday .
 HBO said Sunday 's live U.S. television audience and viewer on it HBO GO and HBO NOW apps exceeded the previous series high of 16.9 million viewer for the Season 7 finale two year ago .
 On social medium , Sunday 's premiere wa also the most-tweeted-about episode of the show ever , with more than 5 million Tweets , and 11 million mention throughout the course of the weekend , HBO said in a statement .
 All of the top 10 global Twitter trend late Sunday evening were about the episode .
 The series set among warring family in the fictional kingdom of Westeros , which began in 2007 , ha become HBO 's biggest hit .
 Season 7 averaged 32.8 million U.S. viewer per episode when delayed viewing wa counted and HBO said it expected the Season 8 average to `` grow considerably '' .
 `` Game of Thrones '' is available in over 150 country worldwide , but HBO said viewing data is not easily retrieved in many of those market , making a global figure impossible to calculate .
 Details of the final season have been kept a closely guarded secret , boosting anticipation .
 The most-tweeted moment from Sunday 's show came when popular `` Thrones '' character Jon Snow ( played by Kit Harington ) learned the truth about his parent , and the fact that his love interest , Daenerys Targaryen ( Emilia Clarke ) , is in fact his aunt .
 Despite it avid fan base , `` Game of Thrones '' is far from the biggest television event in the United States . The annual NFL Super Bowl attracts about 100 million viewer and the 2019 Oscars ceremony in February wa watched on television by 29.6 million Americans .
 The final episode of `` Game of Thrones '' will air on May 19 .
 ( Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine ; Editing by Leslie Adler and Tom Brown )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 This article contains spoiler for the Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Finally , Jon Snow on dragonback !
 Since last season , when he first held out his hand to pet Drogon ( and didn ’ t die ) , fan have been wondering if Jon would ever claim a mount of his own . The dragon Rhaegal always seemed to be the best choice for him — and Kit Harington agrees . And now with both Drogon and Viserion spoken for , Rhaegal really wa the only choice .
 [ Read a review of the Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones ” ]
 But Dany may not realize the full import of going on a dragon-riding date with Jon . She didn ’ t share her dragon with him , a she did with those she rescued last season beyond the Wall . She gave it to him . And Rhaegal is now Jon ’ s for life .
 Let ’ s back up . There is actually a lot that Dany doesn ’ t know about dragon . After all , she grew up in an era when the beast were thought to have died out , when there were no longer experienced dragonlords to teach her how to bond , ride or battle with them , a the Targaryens and many other noble family in Valyria once did .
 David Benioff , one of the showrunners , said in an “ Inside the Episode ” segment that “ only Targaryens ” can ride , which is a departure from the book and the show ’ s own history-and-lore segment . This could be a retroactive continuity change , or more likely , Benioff meant in the present show story line , since right before that he said , “ No one ’ s ever ridden a dragon except for Dany , ” and that doesn ’ t cancel out her ancestor . Still , the idea that dragon-riding is proof of a Targaryen bloodline persists , and how that play out in “ Game of Thrones ” remains to be seen .
 Dany is lucky , though — she ’ s a natural . Jon clearly is not , probably because he hasn ’ t had the advantage of holding Rhaegal a an egg before it hatched , or knowing it all of it life . Dany had time to acclimate , to bond . And that bond is actually a form of imprinting , which enables Drogon to sense Dany ’ s distress in the fighting pit and come to her rescue . When Drogon is hit by a spear in the book , “ Dany and Drogon screamed a one . ”
 The bond between a dragon and dragon rider run so deep , some say , that the dragon will share it human ’ s feeling ( the dragon of one royal couple also mated ) and can sense when it human dy . Dreamfyre , for example , sensed when it rider , Helaena , died , even though she wa far away .
 Because of this bond , a dragon will accept only one rider , although it will accept a new one after the original rider dy . ( None of these rule about bonding apply to Viserion , by the way , now that it ’ s a wight . ) Maegor the Cruel had to wait until his father , Aegon , died before he could hope to claim Balerion the Black Dread .
 The child of a rider , however , doe not automatically inherit a deceased parent ’ s dragon . It ’ s not like borrowing the family car . Queen Rhaenyra ’ s son Joffrey tried to ride Syrax , and although he wa a familiar presence to his mother ’ s dragon , the great beast fought to be free of him , twisting in the air until he fell off and plunged to his death . Joffrey might not have died if he had used the traditional saddle , chain or steel-tipped whip , but he wa in a hurry , and he didn ’ t .
 That ’ s another thing Dany didn ’ t realize — Jon might have had a slightly easier time if he had the proper tool . Or if Dany had taken him a a passenger first , letting him ride double with her before trying to ride solo on an untamed dragon . ( She wouldn ’ t have been able to break in Rhaegal herself beforehand because a dragon won ’ t accept another dragon ’ s rider . )
 It could be that being Rhaegar ’ s son help Jon here . But back to the “ only Targaryens ” can ride question , it ’ s a little more complicated than that in the book . Not all Targaryens are able to ride . And there is precedent to suggest the mythology about the Targaryens is just that — myth . ( One that wa advantageous for them to perpetuate , because it made them seem “ closer to god than the common run of men . ” )
 Long ago , in a time when the Targaryens had more dragon than rider , they opened up the field to anyone willing to try winning over their own dragon . One of those who succeeded wa a small , brown , bastard girl named Nettles , who figured out that feeding a dragon a freshly slaughtered sheep every morning wa an excellent way to win it acceptance .
 Some argue that Nettles must have had Targaryen blood herself . Perhaps . But her example is also useful for those who don ’ t : If you ’ re friendly and persistent , dragon will consider you . Tyrion himself might have had a chance of this when he unchained Viserion and Rhaegal . Alas …
 As long a Dany and Jon stay on good term , it shouldn ’ t be a problem for her that Rhaegal and Jon have bonded . But should Dany and Jon ever fall out — perhaps over an icky incest revelation ? — this is one thing she can ’ t take back .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 BERLIN — Spoiler alert : Computer science student at the Technical University of Munich have developed an application that scour the internet for data on the popular Game of Thrones series , and us an algorithm to predict which character are most likely to survive to the end of it final season .
 Project supervisor Guy Yachdav said Friday survival rate are predicted using longevity analysis similar to scientific study used to examine the effect of medical treatment .
 He say although the analysis `` relies on data taken from the world of fantasy , the exact same artificial intelligence technique are used in the real world . ''
 The result ? Daenerys Targaryen ha the highest chance of survival , at 99 percent , and Bronn is the most likely to die next .
 Only time will tell , but the series is notoriously unpredictable .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 “ Game of Thrones ” make it much-anticipated return to HBO . And a new series based on a memoir by a disabled gay 20-something hit Netflix .
 GAME OF THRONES 9 p.m. on HBO . Some have spent the past week celebrating the fact that spring ha sprung . Others have had something else in mind : Winter is coming . That tagline for HBO ’ s fantasy colossus , which ha grown bigger and bigger since it 2011 debut , ha reached peak relevance in the lead-up to the show ’ s eighth season , which promise a final showdown between the living and the undead White Walkers ( who have an ice dragon ! ) . Season 8 should tie up loose end while answering the big question of who will ultimately win the throne ? Regardless of the answer , the brand is all but guaranteed to actively live on . “ Five year from now , ” the “ Thrones ” star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau recently told The New York Times , “ We will all be guide at the Game of Thrones Land . ”
 LES MISÉRABLES 9 p.m. on PBS ( check local listing ) . Dominic West star a the Jean Valjean to David Oyelowo ’ s Javert in this adaptation of the Victor Hugo novel , about the pursuit of love and differing idea of justice in 19th-century France . You won ’ t find musical number ( or Russell Crowe ’ s pipe ) here ; this version by the “ House of Cards ” writer Andrew Davies favor spoken dialogue over singing , and market itself a a faithful retelling of Hugo ’ s story .
 SPECIAL Stream on Netflix . The writer Ryan O ’ Connell made a name for himself blogging on the pop culture lifestyle site Thought Catalog , then released a memoir , “ I ’ m Special , and Other Lies We Tell Ourselves , ” about his experience a a disabled gay 20-something . That book provides the basis for this new dark comedy series , which star O ’ Connell ( a first-time actor ) playing a version of himself , with roughly 15-minute-long episode . The series ’ s overarching joke “ is on people who aren ’ t disabled , and how they view disabled people , ” he recently told The Times . O ’ Connell said that “ giving them a show like ‘ Special , ’ which is funny and I ’ m the one making the joke and I ’ m the one writing them — I think it make them feel at ease . They ’ re like ‘ Oh O.K. , this isn ’ t some scary thing . Disabled people are just like me ! ’ I don ’ t know why this a revolutionary concept . I just think they don ’ t know what to do with u at all . ”
 STEVE JOBS : THE MAN IN THE MACHINE ( 2015 ) Stream on Hulu and Netflix ; Rent on Amazon , Google Play , iTunes , Vudu and YouTube . The filmmaker Alex Gibney anatomizes the legend of Steve Jobs in this ambitious documentary , which chart the Apple leader ’ s rise and dissects his image a both businessman and transformer of culture , with one eyebrow firmly raised . In his review for The Times , Nicolas Rapold wrote that Gibney ’ s film “ is a chunky mix , with a-little-too-proudly-rolled-out pop songs. ” But , he noted , “ even if this isn ’ t the iPhone of documentary , it get it point across . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 NEW YORK — Oh , how special it must feel to land a role on a new pilot for HBO — or better yet , get a call saying you 've got the part on the show that ha become a pop culture phenomenon — only to know that you character could be killed off .
 On `` Game of Thrones '' — which premiere it final season Sunday on HBO — death is a hot and recurring topic .
 Sibel Kekilli , whose character Shae died in season four , said she hoped the writer would keep her on the series instead of following the story line from the book .
 Kerry Ingram , who now star in the Emmy-winning Netflix child series `` Free Rein , '' played Shireen Baratheon on `` Thrones . '' The 19-year-old said she learned so much a an actress from being on the show .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Dave Itzkoff
 Can “ Saturday Night Live ” still write an opening sketch that isn ’ t about the misadventure of the Trump administration ? This week ’ s episode showed that yes , it can , though it still had to reach into it celebrity Rolodex to get it done .
 Jason Sudeikis , an “ S.N.L. ” alumnus , returned to his longtime role a Joseph R. Biden Jr. , the former vice president , who this past week responded after four woman said they were uncomfortable being touched by him . ( The episode , hosted by the “ Game of Thrones ” star Kit Harington , also featured a couple of sketch lampooning that popular HBO fantasy drama . )
 In the opening sketch , Sudeikis met with two campaign aide , played by cast member Cecily Strong and Kenan Thompson , who explained that they had an urgent matter to discus with him .
 “ Joe , it ’ s about all the touchy feely stuff , ” Thompson said .
 Strong added , “ If you ’ re really going to run in 2020 , you have to change the way you interact with woman . ”
 Slipping back into his gregarious , oblivious portrayal of Biden , Sudeikis said , “ You guy know that I ’ m a tactile politician , right ? I ’ m a hugger , I ’ m a kisser and I ’ m a little bit of a sniffer . But the last thing I ever want to do is offend anyone . ”
 His aide introduced him to a sensitivity-training consultant ( Kate McKinnon ) , whom Sudeikis greeted by putting his nose and forehead against hers . “ I ’ m just connecting , ” he said .
 McKinnon replied , “ So this is exactly the kind of thing that I ’ m here to prevent . ”
 Sudeikis said that he , too , had recently taken a DNA test , just like “ Lizzie Warren. ” “ It turn out that I ’ m one percent Eskimo so I ’ m allowed to do the kissing , ” he said . He and McKinnon then talked through a couple of hypothetical scenario when meeting people on the campaign trail .
 If he were to greet a woman with a handshake , Sudeikis asked , “ What if during that handshake , I go ahead and I tickle her palm a little bit ? ”
 McKinnon replied , “ I would say no tickling at all . ”
 Sudeikis said , “ Am I still allowed to do something like that gorgeous lift that they do at the end of ‘ Dirty Dancing ’ ? ”
 Who would you do that with ? , she asked him . He answered , “ Hell , I don ’ t know . Whoever ’ s strong enough to pick me up , I guess . ”
 Finally , Sudeikis wa introduced to two prospective voter , the first played by Aidy Bryant . He put her in a headlock and gave her a noogie ; she responded by punching him in the stomach . As she left the room , he said , “ I have to say she ’ s still on the fence . ”
 The second voter , played by Leslie Jones , greeted him enthusiastically . “ You ’ re Obama ’ s granddaddy ! ” she exclaimed .
 Asked at the end of the exercise if he had learned anything , Sudeikis answered , “ Not really , no . But the important thing , I think , is that I ’ m listening . I hear you and I feel you. ” He proposed a campaign slogan : “ Let ’ s hug it out , America — Biden and some woman in 2020 . ”
 For Harington ’ s monologue , “ S.N.L. ” went with one of it most familiar gimmick : having the host field question from ringer in the studio audience . After an eerily clean-shaven Harington vowed that he wouldn ’ t reveal how “ Game of Thrones ” concludes , he nevertheless faced several variation on that question — from his “ Thrones ” cast mate .
 Emilia Clarke , who play Daenerys Targaryen , said she ’ d already forgotten the ending to the show . “ It ’ s been so damn long since the last season , ” she said , adding : “ Do you remember in Season 6 when we had sex ? Did you know they filmed that ? ”
 John Bradley , who play the hapless Samwell Tarly , asked him , “ Do you think we ’ ll still hang out after the show is done , like best friend ? What about next Tuesday , I could come around by 6 a.m. ? ”
 ( Pete Davidson , in costume a the villainous , undead Night King , wanted to know : “ Do people hate me ? Because it really feel like they hate me . ” )
 Finally , Rose Leslie , who played Ygritte and is Harington ’ s real-life wife , asked him , “ What are we going to do for money now ? ”
 In a fake HBO commercial , “ S.N.L. ” imagined the cable network ’ s future after “ Game of Thrones ” is over : a lineup saturated with “ Thrones ” -related prequels , sequel and spinoffs .
 Those show included “ Castle Black , ” a moody , “ Riverdale ” -style drama about the forbidden romance between Jon Snow ( Harington ) and a female white walker ( Heidi Gardner ) ; an animated series in the style of MTV ’ s “ Daria , ” called — what else ? — “ Arya ” ; a sitcom called “ The Queen of King ’ s Landing ” ; a well a “ Cersei and the City ” ; “ The Marvelous Mrs. Melisandre ” ; and a crime procedural , “ Game of Thrones : Special Victims Unit , ” starring Mariska Hargitay and Ice-T .
 At the “ Weekend Update ” desk , the anchor Colin Jost and Michael Che continued to riff on Biden ’ s trouble and the legal battle over the final report of the special counsel Robert S. Mueller III .
 CHE :
 Four woman have come forward claiming that Joe Biden touched them in way that made them feel uncomfortable . And yeah , I could see that . He look like one of those uncle that call spring ‘ Sundress Time. ’ It ’ s very disappointing , but older people , in general , have a problem with boundary . There ’ s a lady in my building who ’ s like 75 . And every time I see her , she grab my arm and say something dirty . It ’ s very uncomfortable but I let her because she ’ s hot .
 JOST :
 On Wednesday , Biden released a video responding to the allegation , and I ’ m not sure that it helped . Yeah , so it wa supposed to be an apology , not a re-enactment . Also , the look of the video is so weird . Why is it shot vertically ? It look like something from a premium , adults-only Snapchat . And of course nothing put woman at ease like a man on a leather couch who ’ s already taken off his tie . He might a well end the video by unbuttoning his shirt and saying , ‘ to find out what happens next , log onto GoDaddy.com . ’
 And then a pro-Trump group released a new ad saying that Biden ’ s behavior with woman is unacceptable and should instantly disqualify him from running . The group ’ s name is Independent Republicans of New York , or IRONY .
 CHE :
 The House Judiciary Committee voted to subpoena the full , unredacted Mueller report from the White House . Man , I really wish I knew about redacting when I wa in school . I probably would have graduated . “ I did my report , it ’ s just redacted right now. ” If Donald Trump stole his presidency , why don ’ t we just steal it back ? If I wa running for president , I would be in Putin ’ s DMs right now , negotiating . Why is everybody trying to play fair with this guy ? Even the F.B.I . Oh , you didn ’ t find anything ? Then plant it , you ’ re the F.B.I . Just turn off your body cam and put some crack in his shoe , man .
 Not to neglect the political turmoil on the other side of the Atlantic , “ S.N.L. ” cast McKinnon a Theresa May , the British prime minister , trying to keep her spirit up after Parliament rejected numerous plan to withdraw the nation from the European Union .
 In a filmed segment set to the Sara Bareilles song “ She Used to Be Mine , ” McKinnon walked through the street of Britain , drawing nasty look from her fellow citizen and some obscene gesture from royal guard . As the sketch went to increasingly surreal extreme , we also saw McKinnon performing an interpretive dance while dressed in a Union Jack body suit , and taking an imaginary twirl with Winston Churchill ( likely the only time we ’ ll ever see Kit Harington play this role ) .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 NEW YORK — For seven season , you 've ignored the lure of `` Game of Thrones . '' The multiple award did n't draw you in . Your friend debating plot twist each Sunday on social medium did n't move you . The `` Is Jon Snow really dead ? '' storyline wa n't enough ; not even the `` Hold the door ! '' meme sparked enough interest .
 But now , here you are , with the final season day away from kicking off , finally ready to delve in . Since you do n't have the time ( or probably the stamen ) to binge watch the past 67 episode , here 's what you need to know to follow along with a modicum of understanding when the eighth season get underway on HBO on Sunday .
 THE FAMILIES :
 `` Game of Thrones '' is a family affair , with several Great Houses that love , fight , plot and conspire for the Iron Throne , ultimate power in Westeros . ( Some love a little more than normal — the twisted affair between sibling Jaime and Cersei Lannister , for example ) .
 Three family at the heart of the story are :
 THE STARKS
 The series began with Ned Stark , Warden of the North , at his home , Winterfell . He and his family — wife Catelyn ; son , Robb , Rickon and Bran ; daughter Sansa and Arya ; and oh yeah , the bastard , Jon Snow — are living relatively quietly until they receive a visit from Ned 's old friend Robert Baratheon , now the king . Reluctantly , Ned agrees to become the hand of the king , kind of a ceremonial vice president position , and travel south with some of his family . Things do n't go so well , he loses his head and the family is scattered .
 Shamed by his origin , Jon Snow join and soon becomes a leader of the Night 's Watch . Think of them a a combination of border patrol agent and celibate monk who stand guard at the Wall , which run across the north of Westeros and kept out the Wildlings , a fierce nation that doe n't recognize the king and prince of Westeros . Eventually though , the Night 's Watch and the Wildlings join force against something far more terrifying : the Night King and his White Walkers , an army of the frozen undead , who when last seen have come crashing through the Wall .
 By season eight , the other surviving Starks are : Sansa , who went from horrible engagement to horrendous marriage to , now , becoming the mistress of Winterfell ; Arya , who survived on the run , picking up some deadly skill along the way ; and a disabled Bran , a man with a mystical vision .
 THE LANNISTERS
 The gold-obsessed family you love to hate . Twins Cersei and Jamie have been lover since they were kid , becoming the not-so proud parent of Joffrey , who wa briefly king , and two others , none of whom survived the show 's run .
 Cersei wa married to the king , Robert Baratheon , and ha remained in charge in the capital , King 's Landing .
 The youngest and wittiest Lannister sibling , Tyrion , a dwarf , is the black sheep of the family . Seems his sister still blame him for the death of their mother while giving birth to him . After killing his father and fleeing Kings Landing , Tyrion find a second act a hand to a different queen , Daenerys of ...
 HOUSE TARGARYEN
 The Targaryens ruled Westeros before Robert Baratheon , Ned Stark and others brought them down . Daenerys , the only surviving member of the family , more or le , wa sold into marriage with Dothraki leader Khal Drogo ( later killed ) . She receives an interesting wedding gift : three dragon egg . Before they hatched , making her the `` Mother of Dragons , '' the Dothraki queen learned she can stand close to the fire — correction , she can stand in the fire , without getting burned .
 Daenerys decides to sail across the Narrow Sea and reclaim the Iron Throne held by her father , the mad king . He too had a penchant for fire , though it wa more about burning people alive .
 Her brother Rhaegar is also crucial to the story for allegedly kidnapping Ned Stark 's sister , Lyanna , before he and his family were killed .
 TIME AND PLACE :
 Martin ha created a world that 's make-believe but feel somewhat real . It 's like a mashup of feudal England and Tolkien 's Middle Earth with a healthy dose of sex , violence , conniving , power-grabbing , more sex , more violence and lot of full-frontal nudity .
 Some other prominent place :
 Dragonstone : Former home of House Targaryen , an island where the dragon of the past resided with the family .
 Essos : A continent lying across the Narrow Sea from Westeros . It 's where Daenerys wa hiding in the beginning , and where the horse-loving Dothraki roam .
 Braavos : a free city in Essos , home to the Iron Bank — to which the Lannisters owe some gold . Also home to the Faceless — religious type and assassin who worship the Many-Faced God of death , and collect face of the dead from all over the world . Arya came up through the rank here .
 Iron Islands : Home to a naval fleet of warrior led by House Greyjoy , who son Theon wa a ward of the Starks and ha been through some rough time since then .
 WHAT 'S NEXT ?
 As the final season approach , the three house have pledged to unite their army — along with the Wildlings— to fight their common enemy : the White Walkers . The zombie-like creature have broken through the Wall and they now include one of Daenerys ' dragon among their rank .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 Ever wonder what your favorite character on `` Game of Thrones '' look like in real life ? Lord Varys ha a thick head of hair , Hodor ha face tattoo where a scar should be , and Brienne of Tarth ha shed her suit of armor for a flowing gown fit for the runway .
 See them along with their fellow castmates at a recent premiere in New York coupled with their character image .
 The final season of the HBO series premiere this Sunday .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 WASHINGTON — Where most `` Game of Thrones '' fan were horrified by the beheading of the beloved Ned Stark and blamed it on a ruthless king , Columbia University business professor Bruce Craven saw a lesson in failed leadership .
 The northerner Stark wa simply too proud to adjust to the cutthroat nature of King 's Landing a it became mired in a scramble over royal succession . His execution set into motion battle , intrigue , romance and resurrection that will culminate this Sunday with the show 's highly-anticipated final season .
 In the AP 's weekly `` Wealth of Westeros '' series , we 'll be delving into the latest plot twist and analyzing the economic and business force driving the story . We examine the show 's central question in Part 1 : Who will win the Iron Throne ?
 The judgment of Craven and other academic mind may surprise you : Sansa Stark , Ned 's eldest daughter .
 Sansa ha grown from a once-helpless princess with dream of lemon cake into a wily strategist . She ha endured marriage that were degrading and abusive , finding way to adapt and survive that her late father could never manage .
 `` She 's had probably the closest involvement with the widest array of different leader , '' said Craven , who ha written a new business book , `` Win or Die : Leadership Secrets from Game of Thrones . ''
 Sansa ha learned from Littlefinger 's manipulation . She 's seen the pitfall from what Craven call Cersei 's `` transactional '' approach to leadership . And she 's seen her kinsman Jon Snow 's idealism transform him from a brooding teenager into a military commander capable of challenging the zombie army of the Night King .
 This education might be the ultimate advantage , even if she lack the firepower of Daenerys Targaryen 's dragon or the Valyrian steel sword wielded by Jon Snow .
 `` She doe n't have dragon . She did n't learn to become an assassin , '' added Craven , who admits his prediction is just a hunch . `` Everything she 's gone through , part of me want to see her leverage that in some unpredictable way . ''
 Sansa doe enjoy a major edge in term of resource , said Mark Wright , research director at the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis . From the U.S. Civil War to World War II , victorious army have often gained a decisive edge by having the best equipment , stable supply line and multitude of soldier . Her perceived rival for the throne are running close to empty militarily and economically .
 Thanks to her feeble cousin Robin Arryn , the Knights of the Vale are under her command . Her troop are the freshest and arguably best provisioned , given the Vale 's rich soil that provides for wheat , corn , barley and enviously large pumpkin .
 Her rival have suffered the destruction of their farmland and the depletion of their army after year of warfare and the occasional scorched-earth dragon attack .
 `` I think it wa Napoleon who said an army march on it stomach , '' Wright said .
 Not everyone , however , is convinced that Sansa will rule .
 The betting market have picked Bran Stark , her mystical and disabled brother .
 He might also seem like an unexpected pick . Bran ha the ability to journey through time . This give him an oracular power , but it ha extinguished his former emotional warmth for cold prophecy . He seems too detached from humanity to sit on the Iron Throne or establish the personal connection that a ruler would need to rally a weary populace .
 But to economist , his popularity on the betting market matter a lot .
 The market is the closest thing the public ha to a three-eyed raven . It can forecast the future by distilling the wisdom of the crowd . The stock and bond market do this daily .
 He ha no charisma and ca n't fight , and the show suggested last season that he 's no longer even a Stark . But Boyle Sports give him 4/5 odds . He 's the top pick on Bovada , too . And on Oddschecker . And Gambling.com .
 But of course , market can be wrong . So can expert .
 Carolyne Larrington , a professor of medieval European literature at Oxford and author of `` Winter is Coming : The Medieval World of Game of Thrones , '' doe n't think Sansa want to sit on the Iron Throne , any more than her father did .
 Instead , she see Daenerys a the most likely choice , with her dragon and Dothraki horde .
 Larrington said the show , once known for it moral shade of gray , ha become more clearly a fight of good vs. evil a it nears it end .
 `` I think that 's why they 'll play it safe , and give it to Daenerys , '' she said .
 Craven credit Daenerys with having developed superior leadership skill : She inspires people by walking into flame and surviving . She free slave and try to rule for the benefit of others . Plus , she ha dragon .
 She is `` the queen we chose , '' in the word of her interpreter and adviser , Missandei .
 It 's a surprisingly positive lesson from a show that ha relentlessly crushed so many beloved character .
 `` All the leadership that go forward successfully against the odds — with the exception of Cersei — involves leader that are motivated by helping other people , '' Craven say . `` Their leadership is n't strictly about their own achievement or standing at the top of the org chart . ''
 Let 's hope that leadership style work against the army of the Night King .
 ___
 Follow Christopher Rugaber on Twitter at http : //Twitter.com/ChrisRugaber
 Follow Josh Boak on Twitter at http : //Twitter.com/JoshBoak
 Follow Paul Wiseman on Twitter at http : //Twitter.com/PaulWisemanAP
 ___
 Read the Wealth of Westeros archive : http : //www.apnews.com/WealthofWesteros
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 PRAGUE — It 's the kind of maneuvering that might make the Game of Thrones ' shrewdest operator Tyrion Lannister feel right at home .
 As streaming giant Amazon , Netflix and Hulu prepare to splash out on their next fantasy blockbuster and dystopian drama , Central European country are slugging it out to get a grab a slice of their bumper production budget .
 Experienced crew , lower labor cost and generous production incentive have long attracted international filmmaker to the Czech Republic and Hungary but other country in the region are now getting into the game .
 The Czechs and Hungarians are both considering raising their incentive after Romania approved a production rebate of up to 45 percent in 2018 and Poland introduced a 30 percent cash rebate in February to keep pace with it neighbor .
 A new European Union directive due to come in this year is also expected to spur investment a it will require video-on-demand platform selling to European audience to ensure at least 30 percent of their catalog are European work .
 `` This is a new era , '' said Agnes Havas , chief executive of the Hungarian Film Fund told Reuters , noting that the Netflix series `` The Crown '' and Amazon Prime Video 's `` Hanna '' were shot in Hungary .
 `` What we see is we started at 30 percent ( incentive ) and now we are looking at the other country in Europe and we will evaluate the situation and see whether we should potentially think about raising it again in the future . ''
 BITG medium analyst Rich Greenfield estimate Amazon will spend $ 5 billion to $ 6 billion in 2019 on content with Netflix laying out about $ 15 billion - and a significant portion of the Netflix budget will flow overseas .
 `` We are aware there is a shift in global production and you ca n't ignore the big streaming company , '' Anna Dziedzic of the Film Commission Poland told Reuters . In 2018 Netflix filmed `` 1983 '' in the country , the company 's first original Polish Netflix series .
 `` They are one of the biggest player now . You have to adjust to the changing environment and you have to have them in mind , '' Dziedzic told Reuters .
 Amazon and Netflix declined to comment on their plan in the region .
 GAME OF THRONES EFFECT
 A landscape dotted with castle and rolling countryside make central Europe a versatile setting for increasingly popular historical and fantasy show looking to cash in on the success of series such a `` Game of Thrones '' .
 `` The type of show being shot have dramatically changed , '' said David Minkowski , head of production at Stillking Films , which co-produced Amazon 's neo-noir fantasy `` Carnival Row '' and Hulu 's historical series `` Das Boot '' , in the Czech Republic .
 `` Call it the Game of Thrones effect . A lot of it is fantasy or historical that naturally gravitates to this part of the world , '' he told Reuters , adding that the company wa now working on fantasy drama `` The Witcher '' for Netflix . `` The typical production center are bursting at the seam . ''
 Dziedzic at the Film Commission Poland said she ha also received request from international company wanting to use post-Soviet location and brutalist Communist architecture for science fiction series .
 This ha helped push international investment in regional production to record high , leaving studio booked a year in advance and crew forced to turn away work , industry professional say .
 `` There is now an ever increased premium on local crew relationship and good access to infrastructure and studio which need to be planned up to 12 month in advance of production , '' added Stillking 's Managing Director Matthew Stillking .
 `` It 's a boom time ... likely to last several year a the sector becomes more competitive with a perfect storm of increased consumer viewing demand and more platform needing content to compete for customer . ''
 'IT WILL ROCKET '
 Foreign investment in the Czech film industry leapt nearly 1.2 billion crown to a record 4.8 billion ( $ 210 million ) on 1,072 shooting day for 38 foreign series and film in 2018 , according to the Czech Film Commission .
 Investment is expected to remain at that level or higher this year , though Czech plan to increase cash rebate on offer for film maker from 20 percent now could be a game changer .
 `` It will rocket once the incentive are raised , '' Pavlina Zipkova , head of the Czech Film Commission , told Reuters . `` The government ha not increased it yet but we strongly believe it will happen later this year . ''
 In Hungary , spending on a total of 333 production last year amounted to 110 billion forint ( 385 million ) , with 84 percent of the investment coming from international production including Hollywood blockbuster `` Terminator : Dark Fate '' and `` Gemini Man . ''
 This wa up from 108 billion in 2017 , when `` Red Sparrow '' and `` Colette '' were made in Hungary but Havas at Hungary 's Film Fund expects the new EU rule to accelerate the streaming-fueled production boom .
 The rise of streaming service ha also shifted the type of production in the region . Hungary attracts more blockbuster film these day while episodic series tend to gravitate towards the Czech Republic , said Tomas Krejci , founder of Milk and Honey Pictures and Prague Studios .
 This helped Prague Studio 's turnover jump more than 50 percent in 2018 - and Krejci predicts demand will remain strong a top notch crew shooting historical show are more than a third cheaper than in rival country such a Spain .
 `` The demand for historical show is getting stronger , '' Krejci said whose company ha produced `` Haunted '' for Netflix and Amazon 's `` Patriot '' and the second season of `` Lore . ''
 `` Here it 's not just the phenomenal historic architecture but also the vast amount of prop , costume and local talent that make it cheaper and easier to make these kind of show . ''
 ( $ 1 = 22.8160 Czech crown )
 ( $ 1 = 285.6800 forint )
 ( Reporting by Michael Kahn ; editing by David Clarke )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 LOS ANGELES — Global smash hit television series `` Game of Thrones '' is about to come to an end , and composer Ramin Djawadi is one of the few people who know how it all go down .
 Not that he is saying anything . Such is the secrecy around the final season that Djawadi ha n't even played the music for his wife ahead of the Season 8 premiere on HBO on April 14 .
 `` I watched it by myself and wa just floored at what 's happening , '' Djawadi told Reuters Television . `` I immediately go 'How am I going to paint this musically and what am I going to do with my score ? ' knowing that this is it for me . ''
 The German-Iranian composer wrote the score for all seven prior season of the medieval fantasy about warring family , dragon and zombie in the fictional kingdom of Westeros .
 Using cello to anchor the score , Djawadi , 44 , wrote musical theme for dozen of different character a well a the rival household .
 `` I liked the tone of the cello , the range of the cello . It can play really low , and this show being primarily a dark show , I just felt it wa a great melody instrument for that , '' he said .
 Flutes were banned and the piano only made it entrance in the Season 6 finale with the haunting `` Light of the Seven '' theme when Queen Cersei is silently plotting mass revenge .
 Djawadi , who won an Emmy in 2015 for his `` Game of Thrones '' work , said the no-flute rule came from early discussion with TV series creator David Benioff and D.B . Weiss .
 `` It really came from the idea that this is a fantasy period piece and we do n't want to have medieval flute , '' Djawadi said .
 With it vast cast , `` Game of Thrones '' is known for the often brutal death of beloved character . Djawadi said he wa still traumatized by the burning at the stake of Princess Shireen in 2015 , and the loss of gentle giant Hodor three year ago .
 `` I write from my heart because that 's how I really feel at that moment and it get quite emotional for me . Sometimes I do have to take a step away and take a moment and work on something else , '' he said .
 `` I think it will be very hard for me to say goodbye to these theme and to the show and the music . How exactly I feel when I do , I just do n't know yet . ''
 ( Reporting by Reuters Television ; Editing by Sandra Maler )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 LOS ANGELES — The creator of global smash television series `` Game of Thrones '' say they knew how they would end the show five year ago , and are anxious that fan will like it .
 `` We want people to love it . It matter a lot to u , '' said D.B . Weiss , who along with David Benioff created the series that is based on the novel of George R.R . Martin .
 `` We also know that no matter what we do , even if it 's the optimal version , that a certain number of people will hate the best of all possible version , '' Weiss told Entertainment Weekly in an interview that wa published on Tuesday .
 The final six episode of HBO 's award-winning medieval fantasy series set among warring family in the fictional kingdom of Westeros launch on Sunday and concludes on May 19 .
 Weiss said he and Benioff had `` known the major beat for at least five year '' of how the show would end .
 Season 7 , which wa broadcast in 2017 , saw the character head toward a great battle over the Iron Throne while a zombie army of White Walkers , led by the undead Night King , march south to destroy humanity .
 The two executive producer said it ha grown harder and harder to keep detail of the plot secret . Although based on Martin 's series of novel `` A Song of Ice and Fire , '' the show ha long gone beyond Martin 's book .
 `` We won ’ t be relieved until the final episode air without a leak . We ’ re certainly happy we got through production without a leak . But there have been issue that have happened in post-production , or a week before an episode air . So we ’ re entering the most dangerous time , '' Benioff told Entertainment Weekly .
 Weiss and Benioff said they plan to go offline when the finale is aired in May .
 `` We 'll be in an undisclosed location , turning off our phone and opening various bottle , '' said Weiss .
 `` I plan to be very drunk and very far from the internet , '' added Benioff .
 `` Game of Thrones '' ha won multiple Emmy award and is HBO 's biggest hit ever with some 30 million viewer in the United States and an army of devoted fan worldwide .
 ( Reporting by Jill Serjeant ; Editing by Lisa Shumaker )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By John Koblin
 SANTA MONICA , Calif. — After a 20-month absence , “ Game of Thrones ” stormed back on Sunday night , setting a new rating record .
 The season premiere of the show ’ s eighth — and final — season had 17.4 million viewer , including viewership through it digital channel , HBO said . The previous record for a single episode of the series wa 16.9 million , for the seventh-season finale in August 2017 .
 HBO had 11.8 million viewer watching it the old-fashioned way on regular television , according to Nielsen . That narrowly missed the record of 12.1 million who watched the seventh-season finale on television .
 When there are more television show than ever and so many of them are watched on viewer ’ own schedule , “ Thrones ” is one of the few hit series left that qualify a appointment viewing .
 After Sunday night ’ s premiere , all of Twitter ’ s top trending topic in the United States were “ Thrones ” -related .
 Still , many more people will be watching it in the day to come . Last season , HBO said an average of 32.8 million viewer watched “ Thrones . ”
 There are only five episode left in the series , with four of the last five episode with run time at around 80 minute . Sunday ’ s episode wa a relatively modest 54 minute .
 HBO is in victory lap mode a it finally wrap up the most popular show in it network ’ s history . The network is exploring way to expand the “ Thrones ” franchise . A prequel will begin filming next month , though HBO executive have been reluctant to use the word “ franchise ” in it future development plan for a “ Thrones ” universe , the way Disney ha taken advantage of it “ Star Wars ” franchise .
 But it is also an anxious time for the premium cable channel . AT & T , which assumed full ownership of HBO in June , ha signaled that it ’ s bringing great change to Warner Media , HBO ’ s parent .
 Richard Plepler , HBO ’ s longtime chief executive , stepped down in late February after he felt that he wa losing the independence that he wa accustomed to . Several other HBO executive have departed in the month since . Robert Greenblatt , the former chairman of NBC Entertainment , took over a chairman of Warner Media ’ s entertainment division in March .
 And HBO will also have to find a way to keep subscriber happy a “ Thrones ” sign off . The season will conclude it run on May 19 .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 This article contains spoiler for the Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 After several season scattered all over Westeros and Essos , the surviving member of House Stark are finally gathered in one place : back home at Winterfell . And they ’ re not alone : Any and all who want to fight for Team Living are joining them . That ha the convenient effect of reconnecting character who haven ’ t seen one another in age , some of whom parted under prickly circumstance .
 [ Read a review of the Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones ” ]
 The reunion were many : Arya and Jon , possibly the most lovable Stark sibling ; Arya and Gendry , who lost touch because of Melisandre ’ s seduction scheme ; Sansa and Tyrion , who last locked eye at Joffrey ’ s wedding-murder ; Arya and the Hound , who ended their strange partnership with a request for death . ( Request denied ! )
 And of course there ’ s Bran and Jaime , who last saw each other through a fateful window . Very briefly .
 We talked to the actor Maisie Williams ( Arya ) , Sophie Turner ( Sansa ) and Isaac Hempstead Wright ( Bran ) about what their character might be feeling a “ Game of Thrones ” round the homestretch . These are edited excerpt from that conversation .
 It ’ s reunion time for the Starks and their guest , and some of this can only be awkward …
 MAISIE WILLIAMS Did Sansa and Tyrion ever file for that divorce ?
 SOPHIE TURNER It should have been an annulment , really . But no , they never filed for a divorce or an annulment , so I guess they technically are still married ! I don ’ t think it ’ s a awkward a people would say because Sansa ha been through so many rocky relationship that her relationship with Tyrion actually seems pretty sweet , in retrospect . It would be nice for her to see a familiar face , especially someone who treated her well and respected her . I think that would be nice for her .
 What about Arya and Gendry ? Would that be awkward ? Or would it be fun and frolic ?
 WILLIAMS I think it would be kind of strange ! I don ’ t know if Arya and Gendry have a lot in common anymore . And Arya ’ s never really been very good at communicating verbally how she feel on the inside anyway , and so any sort of reunion is … I mean , the one with Sansa in Season 7 couldn ’ t have been any more awkward ! If it hadn ’ t been for the redeeming hug at the end , it would have just been really [ expletive ] icy . So yeah , I think in term of Arya meeting character this season , I think for her , it ’ s really odd ! It ’ s weird for her to be reminded of the girl that she wa , you know , and how she last felt when she wa with certain character , because I feel like she ’ s sort of severed that part of herself .
 It must be tricky to re-encounter someone you left for dead , or someone who tried to kill you . How doe Bran feel about Jaime Lannister ? Does he understand now what happened between them ? Would he hold a grudge ?
 ISAAC HEMPSTEAD WRIGHT It had to happen , I reckon . It ’ s given him incredible ability , which made him far more significant than he could have ever dreamed of being , had he not had the power . It ’ s kind of a neat idea : Why doe he have the Sight ? Did he have to fall to get the Sight ? But he certainly doesn ’ t hold grudge . He kind of transcends all the petty quarrel of most of the other character .
 Those petty quarrel still need to be resolved , though . What would a Stark family therapy session look like ?
 TURNER Oh , god ! That would be really intense .
 WILLIAMS They each would have to hold the talking stick , and you can only speak when you have that .
 TURNER I think it would be very intense . I think there would be lot of tear . But ultimately , I think it ’ s what they all need .
 WILLIAMS Don ’ t you think Bran would be , like , a really good therapist ? Because he know everything ?
 HEMPSTEAD WRIGHT If someone say , “ Look this up for me , Bran , ” he ’ s your guy . But the Three-Eyed Raven doesn ’ t think in term of emotion . He just think in term of what ’ s destiny . He ’ s sort of the keeper of time and history . He doesn ’ t see thing in term of “ Oh , that ’ s personally upsetting to me ” or “ Well , that ’ s personally upsetting to them. ” It ’ s just “ This had to happen ” or “ This doesn ’ t have to happen. ” And he got quite a zen , removed approach to it all .
 TURNER He would be like [ imitates Bran ] , “ You … need to talk to her. ” And that would be it . Yeah . Bran should be the therapist .
 WILLIAMS And then we could be like , “ How are you feeling , Bran ? ”
 TURNER And he would be like [ imitates Bran ] , “ I am well , thank you . I am the Three-Eyed Raven . ”
 How much is Bran still Bran , and how much is he the Three-Eyed Raven ?
 HEMPSTEAD WRIGHT The thing is , it ’ s hard to know , because there aren ’ t any exact definition of what the Three-Eyed Raven is and how that all work . I think when he ’ s surrounded by his family , he ’ s probably a little bit more Bran than when he ’ s not surrounded by them , because that ’ s bringing back the small part of him that is Bran Stark . But I wouldn ’ t even say that he necessarily ha a huge allegiance to the Starks anymore . It ’ s like Bran Stark is just a very small part of the Three-Eyed Raven entity a a whole now .
 As I understand it , the Three-Eyed Raven is kind of like a chi , like a psychic energy that is manifesting itself in Bran . He can see that there ’ s a lot of friction and tension that is not necessary , not when they ’ re all trying to stop the dead from taking over the living .
 The Bran-is-the-Night-King theory continues to persist …
 HEMPSTEAD WRIGHT [ Laughs ] I wish I could help you there .
 Want exclusive “ Thrones ” interview and news , a well a the internet ’ s best article on that week ’ s episode ? Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here .
 There is a story that Old Nan tell about him in the book , that he wa a distant Stark ancestor .
 HEMPSTEAD WRIGHT Really ? The Night ’ s King , a far a I can remember , is a slightly different thing in the book . He ’ s an old commander of the Night ’ s Watch who disappeared and set up with a White Walker .
 Well , Benjen wa both a Stark and a member of the Night ’ s Watch . It ’ s possible to be both .
 HEMPSTEAD WRIGHT Ah ! See , I thought he wa a Targaryen . Maybe I misread that somewhere . I ’ ve also seen theory that Samwell Tarly is George R.R . Martin . All these weird theory will suddenly come true , and we ’ d be there going , “ I told you so ! ”



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 This article contains spoiler for the Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 When Cersei went shopping for a new ally , she found the biggest and best group of mercenary she could buy with her latest loan from the Iron Bank : the Golden Company .
 Now that this elite private army ha been ferried over from Essos on Euron Greyjoy ’ s fleet , wa this a good purchase on Cersei ’ s part ? Should Daenerys Targaryen and Jon Snow be worried ?
 [ Read a review of the Season 8 premiere of “ Game of Thrones ” ]
 This isn ’ t the first time we ’ ve heard about the Golden Company in Westeros . Davos originally recommended that Stannis hire the mercenary to beef up his armed force . He probably thought of them first because of their stellar reputation , which he must have known would be useful in persuading his reluctant king . Unlike some sellsword company , the Golden Company is said never to have broken a contract . Their motto : “ Our word is good a gold . ”
 And unlike some feudal army , the Golden Company is composed of highly disciplined soldier . What ’ s more , they don ’ t think of themselves a mercenary : They are a brotherhood of exile and the son of exile . Even if they ’ re based in Essos , they consider themselves ( mostly ) to be Westerosi . “ It ’ s home they want , a much a gold , ” a one character explains . Perhaps this is the logic Cersei relies upon to avoid the argument that she , too , is using a foreign army .
 As an example of the type of men the Golden Company attracts , Jorah Mormont revealed in Season 4 that a a disgraced knight in exile , he fought with them before signing up with Viserys and Dany . The Golden Company ’ s captain-general is Harry Strickland , who grew up in the Company , a did his father and grandfather after his great-grandfather signed up with the original outfit .
 That speaks to another distinguishing feature for this squad : They raise their son to join them . It ’ s part of their heritage .
 The Golden Company wa founded by a legitimized Targaryen bastard — Ser Aegor Rivers , known a Bittersteel — a a fighting force to support rebellion against the Iron Throne . Bittersteel ’ s dad , King Aegon IV , known a Aegon the Unworthy , had a whole litter of bastard that he legitimized on his deathbed a century ago . This led to a series of succession clash known a the Blackfyre Rebellions , in which Aegor Rivers and the Golden Company supported the Blackfyre claim . This is why some see them a anti-Targaryen .
 In the book , Dany ’ s brother , Viserys , tried to hire them once , and got laughed off . This might not have been simply because Viserys wa a Targaryen : Later , on the Company support a separate Targaryen claim to the throne and invades Westeros after breaking a contract for the first time in order to do so .
 By Season 4 , when Davos recommends them , the Golden Company ha 10,000 men : 8,000 infantry , 1,000 archer and 1,000 cavalry . They also have two dozen war elephant . Their infantry are phalanx-style spearmen , like the Unsullied , but with more adaptability . Their archer have a variety of weapon and style — crossbow , recurve-bows , longbow , and mounted archer . Together , they are a much better match than a Westerosi-trained army would be against the combined force of an all-cavalry Dothraki and an 8,000-strong all-infantry Unsullied .
 Of course , they ’ re still susceptible to dragon .
 By the time Cersei hire the Company in Season 7 , she say it ha 20,000 men , indicating their number have grown . The elephant , however , are nowhere to be seen . Cersei is annoyed — fixated , even . “ I wanted those elephant , ” she say after sleeping with Euron . But it isn ’ t clear where they went .
 Perhaps it wa simple logistics : The Golden Company aren ’ t seaman , and they aren ’ t equipped to travel overseas . Euron ’ s hastily-built fleet doe well enough at transporting the soldier , but dozen of elephant weigh a lot . Maybe his fleet simply didn ’ t have the right sized ship to carry them . ( Captain Strickland wa vague , saying that the elephant were simply “ not well-suited to long sea voyage . ” )
 But even without those great beast , 20,000 men more than replenishes the Lannister soldier lost during the loot-train attack . And Cersei is able to afford them because of gold stolen from Highgarden . Which is fitting : The men of the Golden Company like to wear their plunder — hence their name . They come resplendent with inlaid armor and golden arm ring ( each ring signifies a year of service ) , wielding jeweled sword and decorating their tent with golden cloth . And pike topped with gilded skull .
 But Cersei should be careful : The Golden Company turn on patron who don ’ t pay up on time . The Lannister promise — that they always pay their debt — won ’ t be enough with these guy . They once sacked the city of Qohor when a client didn ’ t honor a contract .
 Unlike most other mercenary company we ’ ve seen , the Golden Company decides whom to back based not only on payment but also on whomever it think ha the chance of claiming the throne . This is one army that could have a mind of it own .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 MUNICH — If you are a `` Game of Thrones '' fan and appreciate the element of surprise , stop reading now .
 Students at the Technical University of Munich have developed an application to predict which character ha the best chance to claim the coveted Iron Throne in the HBO hit medieval fantasy series about warring family .
 They have taught the application to scour the web for information about each of the character , which is then processed by artificial intelligence algorithm to ass their survival chance .
 `` We scraped the result from different Wiki page and Wiki-like page about the book and TV show and we took out data like gender and age of the character , '' said student Christian Dallago . `` We put all this together to train the algorithm to tell u when this character is going to die . ''
 There is a good chance the application will get it right .
 Back in 2016 , an algorithm created by computer science student at the same university in the southern German city shortly before the start of Season 6 accurately predicted that Jon Snow would resurrect .
 If you 're still reading , clearly you 're not a fan of plot twist and turn .
 So here you go : AI say that Daenerys Targaryen ha the best chance of survival in the final season , which start on Sunday .
 ( This story ha been refiled to correct title in headline , paragraph 1 to Game , not Games )
 ( Reporting by Reuters TV ; Writing by Joseph Nasr ; Editing by Alison Williams )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 As the fantasy saga head for the explosive finale it ha promised , I ’ m hoping for a little more conversation and a little le action .
 By James Poniewozik
 In “ The Dragon and the Wolf , ” the most recent season finale of “ Game of Thrones , ” a lot of people have a lot to talk about .
 The warring faction of Westeros have convened a truce to discus the frosty-cold undead army of the White Walkers approaching from the north . It reunites character with deep history who have been separated for age : Brienne ( Gwendoline Christie ) and the Hound ( Rory McCann ) ; the Hound and the Mountain ( Hafthor Julius Bjornsson ) ; Tyrion ( Peter Dinklage ) and Bronn ( Jerome Flynn ) ; Tyrion and Cersei ( Lena Headey ) .
 [ Read our complete guide to “ Game of Thrones ” and sign up for our newsletter . ]
 Friendships are reaffirmed ; old grievance are reopened ; negotiation are broached . But then : silence . No one ha anything left to say . They ’ re just waiting for the dragon to arrive .
 They do arrive , of course : two of them , enormous and leathery , one bearing the Khaleesi , Daenerys Targaryen ( Emilia Clarke ) , descend screeching and preening . It ’ s showtime !
 The scene encapsulates what “ Game of Thrones ” ha become , a it begin it last fire-belching spin around the HBO firmament Sunday : a dragon-delivery device , a collection of spectacular image , to which character , complexity and conversation have become secondary .
 The series ’ s change , in part , reflect the ambition and limitation of today ’ s big-ticket TV . Rewatch the earliest episode , from 2011 , and they already seem to belong to another era .
 It ’ s not simply that Arya ( Maisie Williams ) wa more innocent then , Westeros more peaceful , Ned Stark ’ s head still attached to his body . ( No spoiler alert ! Honestly , you ’ ve had plenty of time . )
 [ This executive producer is a behind-the-scenes “ Game of Thrones ” star . ]
 It ’ s how much of the series wa simply people talking , how it wa able to draw import from relatively small incident . The second episode , “ The Kingsroad , ” for instance , focus it main story line on nothing more high-stakes than the death of a child ’ s pet .
 The Starks , journeying to the capital where Ned ( Sean Bean ) will serve King Robert ( Mark Addy ) , have recently come into possession of a litter of orphan direwolves . Along the way , the crown prince , Joffrey ( Jack Gleeson ) , bully Arya ’ s friend , the butcher boy ’ s son , holding him at sword point . Arya ’ s wolf , Nymeria , maul Joffrey ( no jury would convict her ) . After Arya scare Nymeria off , Ned is forced to execute Lady , the wolf belonging to his daughter Sansa ( Sophie Turner ) , in her stead , to keep peace between the family .
 That ’ s it . Roll credit . No magic , no dragonfire . But so much character and foreshadowing are concentrated in this high-fantasy “ Old Yeller. ” It establishes , in one sword-stroke , that Robert , pushed by Cersei and his bratty son , is weak and inconstant ; that the Stark child will become unmoored from their root ( the direwolf is the symbol of the North , and this is the first of several lupicides to come ) ; that Joffrey is a dangerous monster ; that the Starks will pay a high cost , principle will be tested and the innocent will die .
 Compare this with “ The Battle of the Bastards ” in Season 6 , where Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) see his adoptive brother Rickon ( Art Parkinson ) murdered before his eye . The moment barely ha time to land . If viewer remember it at all , it ’ s a the opening casualty for the breathtaking war scene , which took nearly two month to shoot , that give the episode it title .
 To be fair , the George R.R . Martin book on which the series is based establish a premise in which the mythic and epic will become more commonplace . “ Game of Thrones ” is about a world in which magic used to exist , seemed to disappear and is slowly returning . This happens gradually , then accelerates . The dragon take a season to hatch , then they grow up fast ; war break out , then it engulfs the world .
 In the saga ’ s best season — roughly the middle of it run — the showrunners David Benioff and D.B . Weiss held it human and fantastical side in balance . It managed stunning set piece — the Battle of the Blackwater , the Red Wedding — but it wa grounded in idea .
 It ’ s become cliché , for instance , to compare current politics to “ Thrones , ” but that ’ s in part because the series engaged so deeply with the question of what it mean to be a good leader . Now it ’ s become more of a pure power exercise , cutting through those Gordian knot of subtlety with Valyrian steel .
 The recent 20th anniversary of “ The Sopranos ” reminded u of a tension that series always had , between it creator , David Chase , who insisted that relationship were a important to the series a the mob war , and his more bloodthirsty fan , who wanted , a the phrase went , “ Less yakking , more whacking . ”
 “ Game of Thrones ” ha had that tension itself over the year . But unlike Chase , who stubbornly stuck to his vision , “ Thrones ” ha increasingly given into the fan contingent that want more big action moment . Less blabbing , more stabbing !
 In a way , the evolution of “ Game of Thrones ” over the season show how it bridged the distance between two era of TV . It began , in 2011 , in the wake of HBO ’ s “ Sopranos ” era , which took familiar genre ( the gangster saga , the cop show , the Western ) and set them in world of moral grayness and complexity .
 “ Thrones ” felt like the natural extension of that approach , a realpolitik fractured fairy tale in which good and bad were harder to distinguish than they were among Tolkien ’ s orcs and elf . “ The Kingsroad ” is like the first-season “ Sopranos ” episode “ College , ” in which Tony offs a mafia rat while on a road trip with his daughter — a small , definitional story that tell you you ’ re watching something familiar , but different .
 But over time , “ Thrones ” evolved into an example of the next age of TV drama , defined by hit action spectacle like “ The Walking Dead ” and especially the binge model of Netflix , in which TV series were structured le like collection of episode than unitary , sprawling megastories where one hour just bleeds into the next .
 This is what “ Game of Thrones ” became . With a few exception , it wa memorable more for visually stunning or shocking scene than for well-constructed episode . People describe it signature moment like “ Friends ” title : “ The One Where the Mountain Smooshes the Viper ” ; “ The One Where Danaerys Says , ‘ Dracarys ’ ” ; “ The One With the Ice Dragon . ”
 Yet the scene that stick with me from “ Game of Thrones ” are almost invariably conversation . Robert and Cersei talking with resigned familiarity about their marriage . Arya and Tywin ( Charles Dance ) discussing legacy and power . Any scene involving Olenna Tyrell ( Diana Rigg ) and her thorny tongue . The Hound ordering the chicken .
 These moment have become rarer a the series ha gone beyond the plot of the uncompleted book and it pace ha accelerated ( sometimes , to be fair , improving on sluggish source material ) . And I have to wonder if the turn toward spectacle stem from Benioff and Weiss ’ s much-stated belief that they ’ re making a “ 73-hour movie. ” By that analogy , their blockbuster series is obligated to provide an extended , explosive third act .
 “ Game of Thrones ” ha indeed produced the kind of awe-inspiring , culture-dominating entertainment you used to have to see in a theater . If HBO-age TV were 1970s Hollywood , it would be the “ Star Wars ” to Tony Soprano ’ s “ Godfather . ”
 It isn ’ t really a movie , though , and that ’ s for the best . Unlike a movie , a TV series is able to course-correct and learn a it go , a “ Thrones ” did by finally cutting back on it egregious rape scene .
 My hope — because , make no mistake , I will be eagerly planted in front of the series from Sunday until my watch is ended — is that “ Game of Thrones ” will likewise use it final run to rediscover it root a a series not just about dragon but also about people making difficult choice in extremis , a show that can give you chill even a it breathes fire .
 James Poniewozik is the chief television critic . He writes review and essay with an emphasis on television a it reflects a changing culture and politics . He previously spent 16 year with Time magazine a a columnist and critic . @ poniewozik
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 When winter finally come to the HBO epic with one last batch of episode , it ha a lot to answer for .
 By Jeremy Egner
 In the Season 7 finale of “ Game of Thrones , ” Jon Snow and Daenerys Targaryen hooked up , Viserion demolished the Wall , Arya killed Littlefinger and Jaime finally left Cersei . By the end the show had boiled the roughly 9,000 subplots it introduced over seven season down to two : Jon and Dany ’ s coalition of the willing vs. Cersei and Euron the mad pirate . And the White Walkers vs. everyone .
 But thing are far from settled . When “ Game of Thrones ” return for it eighth and final season on April 14 , here are a few of the question it will need to answer :
 Don ’ t count on it . In the Season 8 premiere the new couple , last seen entwined in their love boat , arrives at Winterfell ( a seen in the trailer ) . And who else is at Winterfell ? Bran , who know Jon is Dany ’ s nephew , and Samwell Tarly , who know that this give Jon a better claim on the Iron Throne than Dany . It ’ s enough to complicate any new romance .
 Another thing about Sam : His best friend Jon is now dating the same woman who torched his father and brother last season . So that should be fun .
 [ Want exclusive “ Game of Thrones ” interview and news , a well a the internet ’ s best article on that week ’ s episode ? Sign up for our Season 8 newsletter here . ]
 Cersei spent so much time talking about her pregnancy , it started to seem unlikely . Dany spent so much time saying she couldn ’ t get pregnant , she started to seem pretty destined to get pregnant . Both would presumably be incest baby , because somehow we ’ ve all been tricked into obsessing over a big ol ’ incest story .
 Long one of the sharpest operator in this story , Tyrion ha made one bad decision after another since joining Team Targaryen . Is he just not cut out for revolutionary leadership ? Or is his apparent love for Dany clouding his judgment ? We saw him creeping outside Jon and Dany ’ s door a they consummated their affection . What problem could that lead to this season ?
 He finally left Cersei a the snow fell on King ’ s Landing , and the trailer showed him in Northern garb and promising to “ fight for the living. ” But he will almost certainly have another date with his sister before this thing is over . Will she sway him to return ? Or die by his ( golden ) hand ?
 Few people of note died last season , presumably to leave room for plenty of slaughter this time around . Everyone ’ s fate is up for grab .
 “ Game of Thrones ” is broadly about the evolution from a dynastic , tribal world defined by cycle of violence and revenge toward a more humanistic , cooperative one equipped to confront big existential challenge . So character who have themselves become more enlightened over the course of the story ( Jon , Sansa , maybe even Jaime ) seem safer than those still nursing old grudge ( Cersei , Arya , Dany ) .
 Dany tell everyone that she is not like her father , the Mad King . But she ’ s largely defined by her messianic streak , a quality that in it most extreme form can — much like Targaryens , we ’ re repeatedly reminded — go either way . And while she ha shown plenty of compassion ( freeing slave , forgiving Jorah ) , she responds to slight with often shocking cruelty ( crucifying master in Meereen , locking her handmaiden Doreah in the vault , torching the Tarlys ) .
 So considering the revelation awaiting her in Winterfell , this thing could be a powder keg .
 Now that the Night King and friend have breached the Wall , they would seem to be the more pressing concern . Jon , at least , is focused on the White Walkers and seems to have convinced Dany ’ s camp and Sansa to go along with this plan . Jaime seems to be on board , too .
 Also , all we ’ ve heard in the run-up to the final season is about the 55 night of shooting and the unprecedented scale of the White Walker clash , and according to HBO , the longest episode of the season is actually the third one . ( One hour , 22 minute ! )
 So maybe Night King first , then Cersei . Of course , a persistent theory ha the Night King being the one to win the whole thing , which is technically possible but seems too cynical for a story that , while dark and full of terror , seems to be generally about moving into the light .
 I believe it wa the maester Cleatus the Melancholy who first postulated in “ Ice Magick and Dragon Fyre ” that the heat generated by an adult dragon is honestly who in the seven hell could possibly know ? The clash should be fun to watch , at any rate , until dragon start dying ( or re-dying , in Viserion ’ s case ) . And then it will be sad , because the beast didn ’ t ask to be born into this cruel and stupid world .
 It ’ s right there in the title : This show is about a pan-global contest to win ultimate power .
 But is it really though ? Hasn ’ t everything we ’ ve learned over the past seven season — a this fevered pursuit ha inspired all manner of butchery and abuse , and destroyed family and relationship , and empowered sadist , and turned the most magnificent creature in the land into nuclear weapon and led at least one formerly decent man to literally burn his daughter alive ( I ’ ll never forgive you HBO ) — suggested that this contest is , in fact , irredeemably toxic ? Vegas will give you odds on the various contender ( we had our own fun with this ) . But are we really supposed to root for one of this story ’ s hero to eventually sit upon the symbol of all that is terrible ?
 Given this show ’ s defining knack for upending expectation , the long-promised battle for control of the kingdom seems sure to veer from the usual “ good guy meet bad guy , blow stuff up , suffer loss but prevail in the end ” script . Wouldn ’ t the ultimate swerve for “ Game of Thrones ” be to blow up the throne itself ?
 Maybe . Or maybe Jon and Dany will be the beloved king and queen , and Tyrion , Jaime and Arya will all get flower and medal a in the end of “ Star Wars ” or “ Lord of the Rings ” or any number of more conventional fantasy tale . Either way , game on .
 Jeremy Egner is the television editor , overseeing coverage of the medium and the people who make it . He joined The Times in 2008 . @ jegner
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Critic ’ s Notebook
 By James Poniewozik
 President Trump , a his Twitter feed amply demonstrates , is more of a Fox News guy than an HBO guy . It ’ s too bad . Mornings might be le stressful if the president spent them opining on “ My Brilliant Friend ” rather than on “ Fox & Friends . ”
 But he ha lately developed an affinity for one of HBO ’ s show . Or at least it advertising .
 In November , announcing sanction on Iran , the president tweeted out a picture of himself on a mock “ Game of Thrones ” promo , with the caption “ Sanctions Are Coming , ” a variation on the show ’ s tagline “ Winter Is Coming. ” He apparently liked the image so much that he bought the poster . A copy lay in front of him at his Cabinet meeting Wednesday .
 Thursday , on his Instagram account , he rolled out the sequel : “ The Wall Is Coming , ” with the president giving an Ice King stare over a rendering of a spiky barrier .
 On Trump ’ s Instagram pic.twitter.com/PQaWp86ZPQ
 It wa , superficially , an apt use of imagery . HBO ’ s epic doe feature a massive border wall , stretching across the border waste of the fantasy realm of Westeros . The slight problem — spoiler alert for anyone who isn ’ t caught up , including , apparently , the entire White House staff — is that at the end of the most recent season that wall spectacularly collapsed , done in by the ( blue ) fire and fury of a zombie dragon .
 But there ’ s a bigger dissonance than that . Mr. Trump is a fan of tough-guy imagery , and he , or whoever make his meme , probably just liked the idea of depicting himself a the patriarch of House Trump — First of His Name , Protector of the Realm — going medieval on national security .
 However , he might not like what “ Game of Thrones ” actually ha to say about leadership in general , and wall in particular .
 Certainly Mr. Trump could find role model on the show . It involves the rise to dominance of a cunning , wealthy family that dole out power position to relative and ha a penchant for gold . ( Although there is some question a to whether Mr. Trump , like the Lannisters , pay his debt . )
 And yes , looming over the whole thing , there is — or wa — a great , big , beautiful wall . But it wa never intended to keep out people .
 In the story , based on a book series by George R.R . Martin , the ice wall wa built thousand of year ago , with magical assistance , to keep out the White Walkers ( the “ Others ” in the novel ) , a race of frigid being dedicated to snuffing out all life . ( I ’ ll let you Google the detail . )
 [ Plan ahead for the season to come with our culture calendar . ]
 But a the Walkers lay dormant for century , people in Westeros started to forget . This nightmare enemy of all mankind , they decided , wa a fairy tale . Instead , they came to believe , the wall wa there to protect the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros from the “ wildlings ” — their term for the poor sucker who happened to live on the desolate northern side of the wall when it went up .
 Over generation , the Night ’ s Watch — the force created to patrol the Wall — changed it self-image too , thinking of itself a a kind of border patrol , an icebound I.C.E. , there to defend Westeros from what it saw a savage who wanted to pour over the border and steal the rich of honest , hardworking Westerosi .
 If you ’ ve watched “ Game of Thrones , ” you know where it go from there . The Walkers rise again , and the Night ’ s Watch leader Jon Snow ( Kit Harington ) want to make common cause with the wildlings . “ They were born on the wrong side of the wall , ” he say . “ That doesn ’ t make them monster . ”
 His comrade , declaring this fake news , stab him to death . ( Only temporarily ! ) But by the most recent season , with the zombie army encroaching , a resurrected Jon ha convinced the squabbling army of Westeros to pause their war for the Iron Throne — sort of — to fight the undead .
 In “ Game of Thrones , ” in other word , nationalism and tribalism are not essential force for preserving society but an existential threat to survival . The Wall is a mighty symbol of protection but ultimately an ineffective one ; the only salvation , if there is one , is people deciding they have more to gain by working together . And the worst leader ( if sometimes the most successful ) are those like Cersei Lannister ( Lena Headey ) , who see disaster a an opportunity to decimate and divide rival .
 The president is a creation of TV and a voracious consumer of it , but his taste are limited and specific . He like cable news in general , and news about himself best of all . He became a star in reality TV , which relies on condensing human experience into catchphrase and simple , broad symbol , and he applied it lesson on the campaign trail by rendering the idea of security a a great big wall .
 He ha never , however , seemed to be much of a follower of scripted TV drama , which at their best draw out life ’ s complexity .
 So to him — or the social-media staff in charge of realizing his worldview — “ Winter Is Coming , ” the motto of House Stark , is a macho threat . ( Better look out , sucker ! I ’ m bringing some winter down on you ! )
 As any fan of the series know , it ’ s not ; it ’ s a warning , a caution , a reminder that if we fall into pettiness and division , the storm will come for u all , all the same .

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 As the spiritual and production home of HBO ’ s sprawling fantasy drama , Northern Ireland ha been transformed by the show . We take you there .
 By Jeremy Egner
 CUSHENDUN , Northern Ireland — The many marvel dotting the dramatic Antrim Coast of Northern Ireland include a cluster of eerily beautiful cave in this tidy village , around 45 mile north of Belfast . Formed by 400 million year of shifting red stone and the surging slate-blue Irish Sea , the cave inspire awed reflection upon the raw power of nature and the irresistible imprint of time , among other musing on the mystic .
 A voice whispered into my ear : “ That ’ s where Melisandre gave birth to the shadow monster . ”
 So it wa — I knew it wa around there somewhere , a did the dozen of “ Game of Thrones ” fan surrounding me , feverishly snapping selfies before returning to their tour bus in a nearby parking lot .
 The voice belonged to my own guide , Flip Robinson , a 6-foot-8 , magnificently bearded man who previously parlayed his stature into a gig a a stand-in for behemoth character like Hodor and the Mountain . He waved to a colleague a she led her group away a suddenly a it had arrived , and off toward Braavos or the Iron Islands or some other “ Thrones ” location down the road .
 Since debuting a an expensive curiosity in 2011 , “ Game of Thrones ” ha gone on to become one of the world ’ s most influential pop culture franchise , leaving a dragon-size footprint on everything it touch .
 Nowhere is that dynamic more visible and tangible than the production ’ s former home , which , a the series kick off it final season on HBO on April 14 , is poised to serve a the keeper of the “ Thrones ” flame .
 “ Game of Thrones ” ha filmed all over the globe , including in Croatia , Spain , Morocco , Iceland and Malta , and other location have become synonymous with the show , for better and worse . But a the home of not only the production , in Belfast ’ s Titanic Studios , but also Westeros itself , Northern Ireland ha been transformed in fact and figment . As the series altered the TV landscape , it also altered actual landscape : For million of viewer all over the world , this country ha been redefined and remade in the show ’ s image .
 In the process , Belfast ’ s filmmaking industry ha gone from a sleepy endeavor to a powerhouse . “ ‘ Game of Thrones ’ changed everything , ” said Richard Williams , the chief executive of Northern Ireland Screen , which promotes film and television production in the country . “ We are relevant — it is basically night and day . ”
 The region ha also built a tourism economy on the back of the show , especially on the coast , which provided much of the outdoor scenery . This majestic stretch of landscape and it famously scenic Causeway Coastal Route is now crisscrossed with motor coach bearing “ Thrones ” pilgrim . Elsewhere , spot like the Castle Ward estate , near Strangford , site of the original Winterfell , have seen crowd swell with thousand of fan each year .
 All told , “ Thrones ” ha funneled hundred of million of dollar into the region . But the financial benefit might actually pale compared with a more existential one in a place that for decade wa known internationally mostly for sectarian violence .
 “ Twenty year ago , you would have been here writing about the Troubles , not a TV show , ” Gary Hawthorne , one of my driver , told me during my visit .
 Robinson said , “ Fake violence ha helped bring u back from the real violence . ”
 Part of the outsize impact “ Thrones ” ha had on Northern Ireland come from the size of the production relative to the size of the place , which wa a main reason it wa such an ideal home base . At 5,460 square mile , the country is a bit larger than Connecticut ( with just over half a many resident , at around 1.9 million ) . But within that area is an astounding array of scenery that is particularly suited to a medieval fantasy saga .
 “ We had 63 location in 10 year , every single one of them within and hour and a half of Belfast , ” said Robert Boake , the supervising location manager in Northern Ireland .
 This became apparent on the afternoon I spent driving with Robinson along the causeway , a twisting roadway that hug the U-shaped glen of the coast , the Irish Sea on one side and village and vertiginous green hillside , strewn with sheep , on the other .
 In mere hour , we spanned Westeros and beyond , moving from the Wall and Castle Black ( Magheramorne quarry ) , to the stair where Arya crawled out of the Braavos canal ( Carnlough Harbor ) to the rocky shoreline in Pyke ( Ballintoy ) where the Greyjoys did nutty Greyjoy stuff . We also closed the shadow-baby loop , strolling around the Stormlands meadow ( near Murlough Bay ) where Renly made camp until Melisandre ’ s monster got ahold of him . Occasionally we stopped to walk around and by turn get lashed with rain , pummeled by wind and caressed by crystalline sunshine . ( “ In Northern Ireland , you get four season in one day , ” Robinson told me , which I eventually came to realize is a national slogan . )
 At Fair Head outside Ballycastle , we parked in a muddy lot , dropped a few pound in the honor box and walked uphill through a horizontal downpour . About 20 minute later , the rain wa gone and the sun dried our face a gale-force gust threatened to blow u over the edge of a sheer cliff dropping hundred of foot to the rocky coast .
 We ’ d arrived at Dragonstone , or the dazzling headland the Targaryen family stronghold wa C.G.I. ’ d upon , anyway . To stand where the impossibly green meadow give way to gray granite cliff plummeting toward the sea , a you note the spot where Tyrion and Daenerys argued over strategy , where Jon Snow met Drogon , is to feel the frisson of an epic story meeting an epic landscape .
 This reciprocity between project and place extends beyond the countryside . Another reason the marriage between “ Thrones ” and the region ha been happier than any on the show is that the production ’ s material need — armor , medieval weapon , elaborate costume and jewelry — meshed well with the area ’ s longstanding artisanal tradition . “ We ’ re good at that stuff , ” Williams said .
 Even when a fight wa filmed in a place like Morocco , the spear were almost always built in Belfast . Fans who would like to try on a replica of Cersei ’ s crown can often do so at Steensons jeweler in Ballymena , because that ’ s where the original and other Westerosi finery were designed and made . ( Though when I stopped in , I wa told that the show had commandeered it for Season 8 — spoiler alert , I guess ? )
 This may be one explanation for the general lack of resentment evident in other location besieged by “ Thrones ” tourist , like Dubrovnik , the exterior home of King ’ s Landing , which ha been almost totally overrun .
 “ There are not many people in this country who haven ’ t been involved in some direct capacity , ” Boake said . “ Their brother made something for the show , or their sister wa an extra , or their cousin worked on an episode . ”
 As we drove along the coast , Robinson reminisced about his time a Hodor ’ s double , dodging White Walker stuntmen in the Three-Eyed Raven ’ s cave a he dragged Bran ’ s double toward a green screen , in one of the show ’ s most famous scene . “ Then Kristian Nairn held the door , ” he said . “ He did the easy bit . ”
 Robinson , 52 , wa a former carpenter laid low by the global financial crisis , working a a tour guide when he applied to be a “ Thrones ” extra . Soon he wa facing off with the like of Lena Headey and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau a a stand-in for the undead Mountain , a stint that became the hook for his Giant Tours , which take small group of “ Thrones ” fan up and down the coast .
 “ It changed my life around , ” he said .
 The show ha done the same for the region ’ s movie industry . A few film had been shot in Belfast ’ s cavernous old ship painting hall , now part of Titanic Studios ( so named because it ’ s near where the doomed ocean liner , the city ’ s other most famous export , wa built ) . But since “ Thrones ” took up residence there , it ha turbocharged the business , conferring the credibility that come from hosting the most elaborate TV series in history and training a generation of crew and craftspeople .
 Belfast ha since added another enormous studio complex , Belfast Harbour Studios , the current home of Syfy ’ s Superman prequel series “ Krypton , ” and postproduction house like Yellowmoon , which worked on “ Thrones , ” have significantly expanded .
 Then there ’ s the measurable financial impact : Over eight season , “ Game of Thrones ” ha spent more than $ 275 million in the region , according to Northern Ireland Screen .
 Of course , two big question hang over all the success . One involves how Brexit might affect the industry , though Williams note that for the large-scale production that are Belfast ’ s bread and butter , significantly more production spending come from the United States than the European Union.The other : What happens now that “ Thrones ” is over ? While everyone is cautiously optimistic that the planned “ Thrones ” prequel will go forward a a series , especially given the interest HBO ’ s new owner , AT & T , will have in extending such a lucrative franchise , they aren ’ t reliant upon it . “ We ’ re getting call every week , ” Williams said .
 “ I ’ m not in the slightest gloomy about our potential after ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ ” he added . “ But at the same time , I would never want to diminish how unique a thing ‘ Game of Thrones ’ is . ”
 The most common analogy hold that “ Thrones ” is to Northern Ireland what the “ Lord of the Rings ” movie were to New Zealand — a pop culture phenomenon that showcased a wondrous land for a global audience . But one difference is that “ Thrones ” ha helped to redefine a city once known a one of the most dangerous place on earth .
 From the late 1960s to the late 1990s , the Troubles , which pit Protestant paramilitary group loyal to the Crown against Catholic one in favor of a unified , independent Ireland , claimed some 3,600 life in bombing , sniper attack and bloody street battle that ripped Belfast apart .
 Old division remain and have been infused with new anxiety by Brexit , because it unclear how it will affect the open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland . But the show ha helped “ continue our peace process , ” said Conleth Hill , better known to “ Thrones ” fan a the cunning Varys . As one of the few actor from Northern Ireland in the cast — he grew up and still life in Ballycastle — Hill ha observed the show ’ s impact from both inside and out .
 “ Before the Troubles , there wa load of tourist coming through my town , ” he said . “ Now they ’ re coming again . ”
 The swarm figure to increase when HBO turn several former “ Thrones ” set across the region into immersive tourist attraction featuring costume , weapon and other artifact from the show . The first , the Game of Thrones Studio Tour at Linen Mill Studios in Banbridge , is slated to open in the spring of 2020 .
 Tourism NI ha aggressively courted Westeros set-jetters , creating a location app and outfitting filming site with information plaque for self-guided pilgrim , while keeping the many different “ Thrones ” tour from running afoul of HBO ’ s copyright lawyer . The show generates roughly $ 60 million per year in tourism income , said John McGrillen , the agency ’ s chief executive .
 The agency also promotes the link between the show and the region ’ s artisanal heritage with project like the enormous “ Game of Thrones ” Tapestry , based on the Bayeux Tapestry in France ; it us Belfast ’ s world-famous linen-weaving expertise to depict the “ Thrones ” story .
 I saw it at the Ulster Museum , a few floor above an exhibition about the Troubles . The 217-foot-long tapestry recap the entire tale , from King Robert ’ s arrival at Winterfell in the pilot to the zombie dragon Viserion demolishing the Wall in the Season 7 finale . ( The artist will extend it to add the rest of the story after “ Thrones ” end . ) Much like the show itself , the tapestry is fundamentally bonkers but astounding in scale and execution , and a tremendous kick to experience .
 A still more immersive wallow in “ Thrones ” dom awaited me at Castle Ward , about an hour south of the city . The guide William Van der Kells greeted me in full Northern regalia : a black cloak and faux fur collar with a shiny gauntlet on one hand , holding a large sword made of “ the finest Valyrian rubber. ” A longtime National Trust site , Castle Ward added a “ Winterfell tour ” after the show shot much of the first season on the property , and promptly brought in more than 25,000 additional visitor a year .
 The Stark castle wa based around the 1610 tower house , the same one Bran climbed to discover Jaime and Cersei in flagrante twincestus . We shot arrow on the spot in the courtyard the Stark child did in one of the first scene of the series , a few yard from where Tyrion smacked Joffrey in one of the show ’ s most GIF-able moment . Then we drove through a driving rain to other location on the property , like the tree where Robb Stark and Talisa fatefully tied the knot , before taking cover beneath an old castle near the site of Walder Frey ’ s ( digitally projected ) one , where it all ended badly . “ Around here you get all four season in a day , ” Van der Kells said .
 By then , I wa wearing the cloak and snapping my own selfies to send to my daughter . The only shadow monster in evidence wa the storm cloud dumping rain on me . But a I peered through the gloom and fog at the choppy Strangford Lough , it occurred to me that while I ’ d come to see how “ Game of Thrones ” had redefined Northern Ireland , what struck me most wa how Northern Ireland had defined it .
 Jeremy Egner is the television editor , overseeing coverage of the medium and the people who make it . He joined The Times in 2008 . @ jegner
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 No Regrets
 The star of the much-anticipated final season pose with the Iron Throne at Radio City Music Hall . A fire-themed party followed .

 16 Photos
 View Slide Show ›
 By Ben Widdicombe
 Valyrian steel couldn ’ t cut through the crowd that thronged Radio City Music Hall last night for the premiere of the eighth and final season of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Dozens of cast member walked a blood-red carpet through Rockefeller Center , near a 35-foot-high replica of the show ’ s Iron Throne . With every star ’ s arrival , a great noise went up from the waiting fan , like a roar from the Colosseum .
 Emilia Clarke , who play Daenerys Targaryen ( a.k.a . the Mother of Dragons ) , floated down the carpet in a wispy cloud of gray tulle . “ It ’ s so fun , isn ’ t it ? ” she said of her Valentino gown . “ Go hard or go home. ” The gown wa a step up from her character ’ s warrior-queen wardrobe , which typically involves “ not a lot of fabric , and a lot of corset , ” she said .
 Was she ever concerned about the amount of flesh on the series , or it violence ? “ No ! Just look at Shakespeare , baby , ” Ms. Clarke said .
 Pilou Asbaek , who play the villain Euron Greyjoy , also invoked the bard . The show is “ a pop culture phenomenon , ” he said . “ It ’ s about power , it ’ s about sex , it ’ s universal . It ’ s the reason why we still play Shakespeare throughout the world . ”
 But is the writing a good ? “ Shakespeare wa a genius , ” Mr. Asbaek said . “ But Martin wrote some book that are up there . ”
 George R.R . Martin , who wrote the book that spawned the series , did not dispute the comparison . “ Sure , ” he said . “ It ’ s incredibly arrogant and vain , but what the hell . I didn ’ t say it , they did . ”
 He wa surrounded by the show ’ s cast : Peter Dinklage ( Tyrion Lannister ) ; Nikolaj Coster-Waldau ( Jaime Lannister ) ; Maisie Williams ( Arya Stark ) ; Alfie Allen ( Theon Greyjoy ) ; Jacob Anderson ( Grey Worm ) ; Gwendoline Christie ( Brienne of Tarth ) ; Charles Dance ( Tywin Lannister ) ; Jonathan Pryce ( High Sparrow ) ; Jack Gleeson ( Joffrey Baratheon ) ; and Pedro Pascal ( Oberyn Martell ) , who is in an actual Shakespeare production , “ King Lear , ” three block away .
 Kit Harington , who play Jon Snow , trotted down the carpet last of all . He paused only for the camera , not the notepad . ( Lena Headey , who play Cersei Lannister , took to Instagram to explain she wa too ill to attend . )
 After a screening of the lavish first episode , guest schlepped to the Ziegfeld Ballroom for a fire-themed after-party .
 There , David Benioff and D.B . Weiss , the show ’ s creator , mixed with Jeff Zucker , the CNN bos ; Robert Greenblatt , the new head of HBO ; and John Stankey , the Warner Media chief executive . ( Richard Plepler , the recently departed HBO chief executive , who greenlit the series , went to the screening but skipped the after-party . )
 In a testament to the show ’ s wide appeal , other boldfaced name at the party included Emily Mortimer , Dave Chappelle , Keegan-Michael Key , Ethan Hawke , Debbie Harry , Thomas Middleditch , Lorne Michaels , Sarah Paulson , Michelle Wolf , Nikki Haskell and Justin Vivian Bond .
 Sophie Turner ( Sansa Stark ) escorted her fiancé , Joe Jonas , while Jason Momoa ( Khal Drogo ) attended with his wife , Lisa Bonet .
 “ Aquaman ! ” said Mr. Martin , who came over to give Mr. Momoa a hug .
 The party broke up around 11 p.m. , a die-hard fan waited behind police barrier to catch glimpse of their idol . Cheers turned to boo when Ms. Clarke declined to cross the street to greet them .
 Apparently , the queen ’ s patience ha it limit . “ Oh , shut up , ” she said , a she stepped into her S.U.V .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 It is a show whose budget and scale were once unthinkable for television — and now it ’ s become the gold standard .
 By John Koblin
 In the eight year since “ Game of Thrones ” went on the air , the television industry ha been upended . We can thank Netflix for that .
 Consider that in the streaming era , the number of scripted show airing in the United States ha shot up 86 percent , from 266 in 2011 to 495 last year .
 Yet amid this glut no series ha had more influence or created more industrywide envy than “ Thrones , ” which begin it final season on HBO on April 14 .
 Everyone want it award : “ Thrones ” ha won more Emmys than any other dramatic series ever ( including best drama three time ) .
 Everyone want it reach : It ’ s the most popular show in HBO ’ s history and one of the most watched show of the last decade ( when including digital viewership , it most recent season averaged more than 30 million viewer an episode ) .
 Everyone want it scale and scope : The series wa one of the most influential in an era where television budget for drama have ballooned from $ 3 million an episode to , in some case , $ 10 million or more .
 Everyone want it boldness : “ Thrones ” famously killed off the face of the show , Sean Bean , before it first season wa over and ha repeatedly redefined assumption about what ’ s possible on TV , both tonally ( sexposition , shocking violence ) and technically ( dragon , sweeping battle scene ) .
 “ We used to have a different experience for movie and the television business , ” said Gary Newman , the recently departed co-chairman of the Fox Television Group . “ Now you can feel it melding . I give ‘ Thrones ’ a lot of credit for that . ”
 And everyone , including newer outlet like Hulu and Apple , have been looking for the next “ Thrones , ” a series that can define a network , and help convince people to hand over $ 10 or $ 15 a month for subscription .
 Three year after “ Thrones ” debuted , Netflix ordered it own high budget epic series “ Marco Polo ” about the Mongol empire ( which wa a flop ) . Amazon bought the TV right to make a “ Lord of the Rings ” series and spent north of $ 200 million to do so ( and still need a script ) . Apple ha a big-budget fantasy drama starring Jason Momoa and Alfre Woodard about what happens when to humanity after everyone go blind ( which still need a premiere date ) .
 There have been lot of mixed result so far .
 “ It ha made everyone say , ‘ O.K. , where is our ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ? Which is the exact wrong way to find your next ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ ” said Casey Bloys , the president of programming at HBO . “ Just to set out and say ‘ Well we ’ re going to make our next “ Game of Thrones , ” we ’ re going to do a real giant show with a huge budget , ’ well that doesn ’ t allow for all the other thing that have to go right for a show to really resonate with a viewer . ”
 Which is why HBO ha been , a Bloys put it , “ deliberate ” in finding it “ Thrones ” successor from the universe of George R.R . Martin ’ s book . HBO will shoot a pilot for a “ Thrones ” prequel , created by Martin and Jane Goldman , in June .
 Still , “ Thrones ” ha helped open up a big fantasy universe for the network . In the coming month , it will air an adaptation of the controversial epic “ His Dark Materials. ” Likewise , “ Leftovers ” co-creator Damon Lindelof is creating an adaptation of the comic book “ Watchmen. ” And HBO ha other science fiction series coming from J.J. Abrams and the “ Avengers ” director Joss Whedon .
 If such big-ticket genre series were once unthinkable for the network that made “ The Sopranos ” and “ Sex and the City , ” well , little of television look the way it did eight year ago .
 “ Thrones ” began in April 2011 on HBO , just a few week after Netflix gave a David Fincher-directed drama “ House of Cards ” a straight-to-series order . Today , Netflix make more original program than any studio or network and ha spurred the dizzying spike in the number of television series made . It will spend at least $ 10 billion on content this year .
 “ Thrones , ” which had a budget that started at $ 5 million an episode but ballooned to a much a $ 15 million an episode in the final season , helped create the current era of enormous spending , even for show without CGI dragon , White Walkers and direwolves .
 For instance , Apple committed to two season of a morning TV show dramedy starring Reese Witherspoon and Jennifer Aniston that the company ha allocated $ 240 million to make . At the time , Apple made the pledge even though the show had no script .
 “ ‘ Thrones ’ certainly accelerated it , raising production value to an incredible place , ” Mr. Newman said .
 “ That used to be reserved just for HBO and that ’ s clearly no longer the case , ” he continued . “ Netflix and Amazon and now even the broadcast network and the big cable network like an FX , TNT are doing it . They ’ re all realizing they have to raise their game with thing that feel more epic and with greater scope to compete with what HBO and other premium service are doing . ”
 Bloys might think that an emphasis on bigness — big budget , big production — is the wrong lesson to take from the success of “ Thrones. ” But he doe allow that it wa a significant part of the formula .
 “ ‘ Thrones ’ wa the first show that demonstrated you could produce a show with real cinematic scope , ” Bloys said . “ That you could think bigger — both in term of character and drama and in special effect . That it would work , that taking shot and spending real money and putting it on the screen would pay off . ”
 Now all someone ha to do is find the next “ Thrones . ”
 John Koblin cover the television industry . He report on the company and personality behind the scripted TV boom , and the network that broadcast the news . He previously covered fashion . @ koblin
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jeremy Egner , Jennifer Vineyard and Sopan Deb
 After week of obsessive coverage — we ’ ve done our fair share — “ Game of Thrones ” begin it final season Sunday on HBO . Earlier this week , Jeremy Egner , The Times ’ s TV editor and “ Thrones ” recapper ; Jennifer Vineyard , who writes The Times ’ s “ Thrones ” newsletter ; and Sopan Deb , a sport reporter ( and former culture reporter ) for The Times , talked about the show and it final season in a conference call with Times subscriber .
 [ Read our complete guide to “ Game of Thrones ” and sign up for our newsletter . ]
 This discussion ha been adapted and edited from that conversation . ( Subscriber question are in italic . ) Audio of the entire discussion is available here .
 SOPAN DEB Based on the trailer , a lot of action in Season 8 seems to take place at Winterfell . What do you make of that ?
 JEREMY EGNER Well if you remember , the show itself start at Winterfell — it started with King Robert ’ s arrival to come take Ned to King ’ s Landing . So there ’ s a certain symmetry to Daenerys ’ s and Jon Snow ’ s arrival that you see in the trailer .
 JENNIFER VINEYARD It set up a little bit of how the structure of the entire series work . A lot of thing are going to be repeating themselves , and I think that will continue to play out . We ’ re coming full circle in some way .
 EGNER One of the pleasure of the show over the past couple season ha been seeing all these really far-flung people come together , and either meet one another for the first time , or be reunited for the first time in year . At Winterfell , reunion are going to be happening all over the place . Arya is there , and Gendry and the Hound could be there . Jaime seems to be on his way , and Bran , who he once shoved out of a window , is already there . Dany ’ s also going to be there — and by the way , Jaime killed Dany ’ s dad .
 Jon Snow is presumably going to learn from Bran and Sam about how he ’ s the rightful heir . And Sansa doesn ’ t seem to be all that in love with the idea of bending the knee to Dany . So it could be a soap opera of reunion and recrimination .
 [ Read about 9 question the final season must answer . ]
 DEB Is there a story line that you ’ re particularly interested in ?
 EGNER A big intriguing one I mentioned in an earlier season preview is : Will Dany break mad ? I think it wa Cersei who said “ When a Targaryen is born , the god flip a coin , ” and obviously Dany ’ s father wa murderous and insane . And we ’ ve seen both side of that coin , so to speak , with Dany . She see herself a a liberator , and she ha tried to free and lift up the downtrodden , and she doe seem to have a genuine concern for her people and her dragon . At the same time , we ’ ve also seen glimpse of cruelty , like when she torched the Tarlys .
 We also see the people around her like Tyrion and Varys — they ’ re still not entirely sure how that whole thing ’ s going to shake out . So you take that history , and then apply it to the context of her arriving a an interloper into Winterfell about to find out that her boyfriend is actually her nephew , and , by the way , ha more of a claim on the throne than she doe . I mean——
 DEB Bad date .
 EGNER Yeah that ’ s hard on any new relationship , much le one that involves dragon .
 We ’ re all in love with the dragon , and I ’ m interested to hear your theory about how their story line will play out in Season 8 . The Viserion situation definitely broke my heart . — Lara , New York
 VINEYARD There ’ s a huge history of the Targaryens using dragon to fight battle with each other . And the show ’ s sound designer mentioned at one point that she had planned the sound for Viserion , when he is screeching , to be very different from the sound of Drogon and Rhaegal , because she wanted there to be a distinction , should you ever hear them fight each other . She wa planning ahead for that for a reason .
 EGNER It ’ s kind of like Chekhov ’ s Gun : You don ’ t have a zombie ice dragon in the first act if you ’ re not going to use it by the third . So I think there ’ s definitely going to be a clash between the dragon , and , again , I ’ m leaning toward Daenerys going the way of her father to a certain degree , in which case the dragon become weapon . In which case , you have to figure there ’ s a lot of people looking to bring them down . Long story short : I know you ’ re in love with them , but I don ’ t have high hope for their future . But I ’ m happy to be proved wrong .
 [ Read why “ Game of Thrones ” ha become a “ dragon-delivery device . ” ]
 DEB Let ’ s talk about some character . When we first met Cersei in Season 1 , she seemed , if not loving , at least very protective of her child . But by the time Jaime turned his back on her last season , it seemed like she had been consumed . Is there any humanity left in Cersei at this point ?
 VINEYARD I think that strain ha always been there with her ; she just never had the ability to do certain thing . She wa always trying to rule through her husband , or through her child , and now she ’ s finally having a chance to do what she wanted to do in the first place . She ’ s never actually cared about people other than her own immediate family . She only care about the acquisition of power and being able to do whatever she want . So it ’ s not that she ’ s lost her humanity — this is just her chance to actually express what she ’ s always wanted to do .
 EGNER It ’ s the purest expression of who she is and her value . That said , she ha been a caring mother in her own twisted way , and there is the mystery of whether or not she is pregnant . Because she said that last season , but she ’ s also very calculating and it wa something to use a leverage with Jaime and Tyrion . So that ’ s one of the question that this season is going to have to answer pretty quickly : whether or not that ’ s even a legitimate thing .
 [ Read about how Northern Ireland ha been remade in Westeros ’ s image . ]
 DEB How much do we really know about the Night King ?
 VINEYARD He like long walk on the beach , red wine .
 EGNER I ’ m pretty sure he ’ s a Scorpio .
 VINEYARD The problem with the Night King is he doesn ’ t talk . So he doesn ’ t tell u much about what he want , or what he ’ s trying to do , at least not verbally — we can try to infer some thing by the weird art installation he like to leave behind . He doe seems to always be prepared . And I don ’ t know if it ’ s just because he ’ s a greenseer and he can see the future the way Bran can , but when Dany came to rescue the people behind the Wall , he wa ready with the right kind of ice spear to take down a dragon .
 EGNER And chain .
 VINEYARD Yeah did he go shopping beforehand ?
 EGNER There wa a Pep Boys on the other side of the mountain .
 VINEYARD So we can infer that he ha some sort of psychic ability , but beyond that we don ’ t know a lot about him .
 Do you have any thought on if any presumed dead character will return to the show ? My son wa curious about Littlefinger . — Steven , New York
 EGNER That ’ s a theory that ’ s been going around , basically holding that it wasn ’ t Littlefinger who we saw get killed at the end of Season 7 — that he had perhaps paid off a Faceless Man to take his place and will be making a return appearance . That seems far-fetched to me but it ’ s gotten some traction , to the point that some gambling site are including Littlefinger in their prop bet for who will eventually sit on the Iron Throne .
 VINEYARD It ’ s probably more likely that he didn ’ t do any of that , but Arya kept his face . Because if she ever wanted to sneak into , say , the Red Keep and get close to Cersei or someone in order to kill them , it might be helpful to not be herself . And Arya like to hang onto face , a we know . She ’ s got a whole bag of them .
 DEB As one doe .
 VINEYARD It ’ s so much easier than having to run back to Braavos to get fresh one .
 DEB Of course the big question people talk about is who ’ s going to end up on the Iron Throne in the end ? But doe that actually miss the point of the show ?
 VINEYARD I think it doe . Because I don ’ t think this is a story about who is the rightful king and who should be on the throne . The whole idea of the story , in a way , is to critique those kind of fantasy trope . You have thing like , in “ Lord of the Rings , ” where Aragorn ha the right bloodline , and he ’ s a good man , and therefore he should be the ruler of the realm . But that doesn ’ t necessarily mean he know how to rule .
 A lot of these story line are about character learning how to rule . That ’ s what Dany ’ s experience in Meereen is about . That ’ s what Jon ’ s experience at the Night ’ s Watch is about . That these people have to actually learn how to do thing before they can become a ruler , and even so , should bloodline and prophecy even matter ? Maybe they don ’ t , and maybe this country is on the verge of actually adopting something beyond an absolute monarchy . Maybe this story is basically about the turning point in how Westeros got rid of the monarchist agenda . I think it ’ s a drive toward democracy .
 EGNER It ’ s also a pretty explicit critique of tribalism . It ’ s driven by these cycle of revenge , these cycle of violence . It is house against house , somebody end up with their head cut off and then that person ’ s offspring want revenge on the other family , and so on . There ’ s a supposition that the show is about who end up on the Iron Throne , but at the same time , the Iron Throne itself is this symbol of all of this terribly toxic violence .
 So I don ’ t think that really is the ultimate answer of this show . In fact , if I had to put money on it , I don ’ t think the Iron Throne itself will survive the show . I don ’ t think you can watch some of the awfulness we ’ ve watched over the past eight year , and then say , “ O.K . Jon , now you get to sit in this thing that is the source of all of that strife and terribleness. ” So I think the whole Iron Throne pursuit is almost a red herring , in a way .
 [ Will “ Game of Thrones ” ever really be over ? Unlikely . ]
 VINEYARD Even that whole thing of calling Jon the true heir is kind of a red herring — the Targaryen line wa removed because the Mad King wa murdering people for no reason , and no monarch should have the ability . So their first move wa just to put in another monarch , but I think eventually they ’ re going to start to realize that they need to have some other system of rule .
 What ha Dany done with Meereen and Slaver ’ s Bay since she ’ s gone ? Or now Dragon ’ s Bay ? She left a council , or other people , to rule . And Tyrion ’ s been bringing this up to her , the whole question of succession . The Night ’ s Watch ha a system , the Iron Islands ha a system . There are other system to rule that maybe they could start to consider , so it doesn ’ t have to necessarily be a king and a queen just perpetuating a system that is broken .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We ’ re covering the root of the recent national security shake-up , a new angle to China ’ s surveillance state , and a comeback for Tiger Woods .
 President Trump insisted over the weekend that he wa “ not frustrated ” by the situation at the southwestern border , but a his administration seek sweeping change , he ha targeted his highest-ranking immigration official .
 The removal of top official at the Department of Homeland Security came after month of clash involving Stephen Miller , the White House adviser and architect of Mr. Trump ’ s immigration agenda . Mr. Miller and others have pressed for implementing policy that current and former official have called legally questionable , impractical , unethical or unreasonable .
 Another angle : In addition to what he ha said are the danger of immigration , Mr. Trump ha played on fear of Muslims . He is likely to resurrect that theme during his re-election campaign and ha apparently picked a specific target : Representative Ilhan Omar , a Minnesota Democrat who is one of the first Muslim woman elected to Congress .
 Looking ahead : A redacted version of the special counsel ’ s report is expected to be released this week . Mr. Trump ’ s plan , aide say , is to act a if the report itself is extraneous to the attorney general ’ s summary , which the president ha said exonerated him .
 Beijing is using a vast , secret system of advanced facial recognition technology to track and control the Uighurs , a largely Muslim minority group , The Times ha found . It ’ s the first known example of a government intentionally using artificial intelligence for racial profiling , expert say .
 China already maintains a surveillance net , including tracking people ’ s DNA , in the western region of Xinjiang , home to many of the country ’ s 11 million Uighurs . But the new system , previously unreported , extend that monitoring to the rest of the country .
 How we know : Five people with direct knowledge of the system , who requested anonymity because they feared retribution , described them to The Times . We also reviewed database used by the police , government procurement document and advertising material distributed by the company that make the system .
 Nowhere is immune from global warming , but projection suggest that the Great Lakes area will be one of the few place in the U.S. where the effect may be more easily managed .
 Consider Duluth , Minn. , which is relatively cool , is mostly protected from the effect of sea level rise and ha an abundance of fresh water . A climate adaptation expert at Harvard think the city and others like it might be ideal for climate migrant .
 Another angle : Rising temperature and increasingly unpredictable weather have been ruining harvest in Central America and adding to the surge of family migrating to the U.S. , farmer and scientist say .
 The 43-year-old ended a decade-long major championship drought on Sunday , winning his fifth Masters title .
 “ It fit , ” he said a he put on the winner ’ s green jacket . The victory gave him his 15th major tournament triumph , three behind Jack Nicklaus ’ s record .
 Column : Woods rediscovered his confidence on Sunday and his ability to intimidate the competition , our columnist writes .
 Background : For Woods , a marital dispute led to a car accident in 2009 and a succession of lurid tabloid headline . On the golf course , back injury led to a series of operation and an addiction to painkiller . The Times profiled him last year .
 For month , the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ha been consumed by controversy after the resignation of the attorney general , Jody Wilson-Raybould , second from left above . She accused Mr. Trudeau ’ s office of inappropriately pressuring her in a criminal case .
 For Mr. Trudeau , whose cabinet by design contains equal number of woman and men , the episode ha also raised question about whether his government is living up to it billing a a feminist administration .
 Google ’ s dragnet : One of our most popular article over the weekend wa about how investigator are using location information from the tech giant to find suspect and witness near crime , sometimes snaring the innocent .
 ISIS kidnapping : A rift emerged today between New Zealand ’ s government and the Red Cross over the humanitarian organization ’ s decision to identify a New Zealand nurse who wa kidnapped by the Islamic State five year ago — and who her employer belief could still be alive .
 Electric bike problem : Bike-sharing company owned by Lyft have pulled electric model from New York , San Francisco and Washington because of braking problem .
 Tax deadline : Personal income tax return are due today . It may not feel like it from your refund ( or lack of one ) , but you probably got a tax cut last year . Now is the time to check your paycheck withholding for next year ’ s return .
 Snapshot : Above , part of the open-air art installation “ Detrás del Muro , ” or “ Behind the Wall , ” along the Malecón in Havana on Sunday . The 13th Biennial in Cuba ’ s capital began this weekend , with work by more than 300 contemporary artist from 52 country .
 Boston Marathon : The 123rd edition of the event is today . Sarah Sellers , the runner-up in 2018 , will be back this year , with a rare ambition to be an elite runner and work a practically full-time job .
 “ Game of Thrones ” recap : The eighth and final season of the show began on HBO on Sunday . Here ’ s our review .
 What we ’ re reading : This article in Science News . “ ‘ Dumbo ’ is a delightful movie , but an elephant is never going to fly by flapping it ear , ” say Michael Roston , a science editor . “ This fun article by Bethany Brookshire examines the anatomical obstacle . ”
 Cook : This dish of tomato , rice and melted Cheddar can be best described a pizza rice .
 Listen : “ Boy With Luv , ” the new song by the K-pop star BTS , feature the American singer Halsey singing in Korean , exactly the sort of bilingual exchange that ’ s all too rare , Jon Caramanica writes .
 Watch : The new TV adaptation of “ Les Misérables ” hews much more closely to Victor Hugo ’ s often tragic novel than to the musical version .
 Go : The musical “ Beetlejuice ” is now in preview on Broadway . Here ’ s how the eye-popping set came together .
 Smarter Living : There are scientifically proven way to increase your memory power . Consolidate information by retreating to a dark , quiet room for 10 minute of inactivity ( but not sleep ) . And you can increase your ability to retrieve memory by quizzing yourself on them , or sharing them out loud .
 And we look at the benefit of sharing — whether triumph , photograph or difficulty — in person rather than on social medium .
 With the arrest last week of it founder , Julian Assange , WikiLeaks is back in the headline .
 “ Leaks ” is obvious for the name of the anti-secrecy organization , which started in 2006 , but where doe “ wiki ” come from ?
 In 1995 , the computer programmer Ward Cunningham introduced the first wiki , a website that ’ s collaboratively produced by user . He called it WikiWikiWeb , after the Hawaiian word for “ quick , ” which he had picked up from the name of an airport shuttle in the island .
 The word wa later adopted by Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia that started in 2001 , and it wa added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2007 .
 The wiki isn ’ t Mr. Cunningham ’ s only contribution to modern online life . He also gave his name to Cunningham ’ s Law , the idea that the best way to find the correct answer on the internet isn ’ t to ask a question , but to post the wrong answer .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . Chris wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about Julian Assange.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Newlywed ’ s new relative ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The Research and Development team at The Times ha launched the 5G Journalism Lab to explore how higher and faster bandwidth might unlock new way to tell story .
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Peter Libbey
 Nikolaj Coster-Waldau is no stranger to the bloody side of feudal politics . He ’ s been playing Jaime Lannister , a character known for his murder of a king , on HBO ’ s “ Game of Thrones ” for seven season . He ’ ll continue in this vein in November when he portrays another king killer , Macbeth , in a production of Shakespeare ’ s tragedy directed by the “ Game of Thrones ” alumnus Matt Shakman at the Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles , Calif. , from Nov. 5 through Dec. 8 .
 The theater ’ s 2019-20 season , announced on Thursday , will include the world premiere of Jeffrey Hatcher and Andy Garcia ’ s adaptation of “ Key Largo , ” featuring Mr. Garcia in the starring role , and the Tony Award winner Idina Menzel reprising her role in Joshua Harmon ’ s “ Skintight , ” from Sept. 3 through Oct. 6 .
 [ Nikolaj Coster-Waldau : The First Time I Recognized My Selfishness . An essay . ]
 “ Key Largo , ” set to run from Feb. 4 through March 8 , 2020 , is based on a play by Maxwell Anderson and the 1948 noir film directed by John Huston , and written by Huston and Richard Brooks . “ Skintight , ” which had it premiere at Roundabout Theater Company last summer , starred Ms. Menzel a Jodi , a lawyer struggling with her relationship to her fashion-designer father .
 Mr. Shakman , the Geffen Playhouse ’ s artistic director , said in a statement that the coming season “ mark some notable first for the Geffen — our first Shakespeare production , two world premiere , and a coproduction with the dazzlingly inventive Vampire Cowboys ” company based in New York .
 “ Revenge Song : A Vampire Cowboys Creation , ” a play with music by Qui Nguyen , will be the season ’ s second world premiere and it final production . It will run from June 16 through July 19 , 2020 .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Let u help you start your day .
 By Penn Bullock
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning .
 Italy ’ s criminal inquiry into a bridge collapse , record number of migrant reaching the U.S. border , and sign of rebuilding at North Korean missile facility . Here ’ s the latest :
 When the Morandi Bridge in Genoa , Italy , collapsed last August , killing 43 people , it set off a criminal inquiry and a public relation crisis for the Benettons , the Italian family most famous for it eponymous clothing brand . They control Autostrade per l ’ Italia , or Highways for Italy , a privatized road operator that managed the bridge and operates more than half of Italy ’ s 4,000 mile of toll road .
 Though the Benettons are not accused of any wrongdoing , they are facing angry question about big profit and laissez-faire regulation .
 Controversy : Inspections on the bridge were carried out by a company housed in Autostrade ’ s office , and an understaffed government appears to have taken a hands-off approach . Twenty-one people are under investigation , including nine Autostrade employee and three official from the Ministry of Infrastructure and Transport .
 Claim : Marco Ponti , an economics professor , took aim at Autostrade when he wa on a panel advising the government , saying it made “ abnormal ” profit from toll and had power over the government . He say that he wa then forced to resign from the panel and that the Benettons later threatened him with a multimillion-dollar lawsuit .

 Looking ahead : Autostrade ’ s contract with the government run until 2038 . Its relation with the populist government are poisoned , but the contract would be very difficult for the government to break .
 More than 76,000 migrant crossed America ’ s southern border without authorization in February , an 11-year high and a sign that the Trump administration ’ s aggressive policy have not discouraged new migration to the U.S .
 Customs and Border Protection also declared sweeping change to procedure for guaranteeing adequate medical care for migrant , after the death of two migrant child in the agency ’ s custody in December .
 By the number : From October to March 3 , more than 230,000 migrant were apprehended — a big increase . More than 90 percent of the new arrival were from Guatemala , official said . Members of family have come to outnumber individual adult migrant in apprehension .

 Britain ’ s attorney general , Geoffrey Cox , wa in Brussels on Tuesday evening to try to renegotiate Britain ’ s deal for leaving the E.U . before the March 29 deadline for withdrawal . He had a big , familiar ask : undoing an all-important provision known a the Irish backstop .
 The backstop keep Britain under the E.U . custom system until a frictionless border can somehow be created between Ireland , an E.U . member , and Northern Ireland , which is part of the United Kingdom . Many Britons fear the backstop could keep Britain stuck under E.U . rule forever . Mr. Cox want a rewrite that would give Britain leeway to leave whether or not that meant a hard border falling — which would put Ireland in a precarious position by risking a sectarian explosion .
 Looking ahead : One analyst said that the E.U . wa likely to give Mr. Cox “ fig leaf ” — reassurance that the backstop is not intended a a trap . But those may be enough to satisfy him and , by extension , Parliament , and some analyst see a rising chance of Prime Minister Theresa May winning a second vote on her Brexit plan , promised by next Tuesday .
 On day when he met foreign leader , haggled over legislation or reportedly pressured the F.B.I . director to drop an investigation into a former aide , President Trump also signed check to Michael Cohen , his former lawyer and fixer — remuneration for hush payment made to two woman who claimed they had affair with Mr. Trump .
 On 11 occasion through 2017 , Mr. Trump or his trust cut such check , and six of them were provided this week to The Times . They have put Mr. Trump in potential legal jeopardy : Mr. Cohen ha pleaded guilty to campaign finance violation in connection with the payment to the woman , and prosecutor have said that Mr. Trump directed the scheme , identifying him in filing a “ Individual 1 . ”
 Defenders of the president say the check prove only that Mr. Trump paid his personal lawyer , not that he knew what the money wa for , but his account of what he knew have been murky .
 Another investigation : New York State regulator have issued an expansive subpoena to the Trump Organization ’ s longtime insurance broker , the first step in an investigation of insurance policy and claim involving the Trump family business . During his congressional testimony last week , Mr. Cohen indicated that the company had inflated the value of it asset to insurance company .
 North Korea : The country is rebuilding the facility it us to launch satellite into orbit and test engine for intercontinental ballistic missile , according to analyst and intelligence official , in a possible sign that the North is preparing to resume missile test after the breakdown of it U.S. summit meeting last week .
 London : Three suspicious package that appeared to contain homemade bomb capable of igniting a small fire were found in and around transport hub in the city . Ireland ’ s national police service said it wa helping Britain investigate but would not elaborate .
 Carlos Ghosn : The former Nissan Motor chairman , who is facing charge of financial wrongdoing in Japan , wa released on bail Wednesday after being held in a Tokyo jail since late November .
 Mental health : Two British psychiatrist have denounced their field ’ s standard four-week timeline for weaning patient from antidepressant , arguing that it should be done over month or even year to avoid harsh withdrawal symptom . Separately , a nasal spray version of the drug ketamine ha shown promise a a fast-acting antidepressant .
 Pollution : According to a new report , most of the world ’ s 20 most polluted city are in South Asia — 15 in India , two in Pakistan and one in Bangladesh — making it a particularly toxic region .
 Saudi Arabia : An American woman who moved to the kingdom in 2011 ha been trapped there since she divorced her Saudi husband because of so-called guardianship law , her cousin told The Times . The woman , Bethany Vierra , is unable to use her bank account , leave the country with her daughter or even seek legal help without her ex-husband ’ s permission .
 Sweden : The Nobel Foundation announced that prize in literature for both 2018 and 2019 would be awarded this year . There wa no award last year because of a scandal involving sexual abuse and accusation of financial wrongdoing at the Swedish Academy , the body that chooses the winner .
 Britain : More than 5,000 people answered an urgent call for a stem cell donor for a 5-year-old boy with cancer , stunning a nonprofit organization and lifting hope of finding a match .
 “ Game of Thrones ” : HBO released the trailer for the show ’ s final season , which includes tantalizing glimpse of the battle to come .
 Tips for a more fulfilling life .
 Recipe of the day : Make this pasta with fresh herb , lemon and pea even better with flake of good olive-oil-packed tuna . ( Sign up for the Five Weeknight Dishes newsletter for more recipe recommendation . )
 Listening feel like a lost art these day . Here are way to give someone your full attention .
 Why is vegan beauty all the buzz now ? We break it down .
 Thugs : It seems the world is full of them .
 Michael Cohen , President Trump ’ s former personal lawyer , painted himself a a “ thug ’ s thug ” in public testimony , our Op-Ed columnist Maureen Dowd judged .
 Leaders like Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela , Kim Jong-un of North Korea and Narendra Modi of India have been called thug , too .
 The word can be traced to “ thag , ” a Hindi word meaning “ thief ” or “ con man , ” whose root go back to Sanskrit .
 It ’ s believed that for century , gang of thief and assassin called thug operated throughout India . In thrall to Kali , the goddess of destruction , they were believed to commit “ thuggee ” — setting up and often strangling victim .
 In the 1800s , the British who were beginning to spread across the country decided to put a stop to them .
 Under the leadership of Lord William Bentinck , thousand of people identified a thug were captured , convicted and sentenced . In the 1830s , thug were declared “ destroyed . ”
 Some now question whether thug were a destructive a reported in colonial representation .
 Alisha Haridasani Gupta wrote today ’ s Back Story .
 Your Morning Briefing is published weekday morning .
 Check out this page to find a Morning Briefing for your region . ( In addition to our European edition , we have Australian , Asian and U.S . edition . )
 Sign up here to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknight , and here ’ s our full range of free newsletter .
 What would you like to see here ? Contact u at europebriefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Remy Tumin and Hiroko Masuike
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good evening . Here ’ s the latest .
 1 . President Trump recently promised to delay an order to close the southern border . A few day later , he urged an official to do it anyway .
 The conversation with Kevin McAleenan , whom Mr. Trump wa about to name acting secretary of Homeland Security , came last week on the heel of Kirstjen Nielsen ’ s refusal to move forward with the closure before she resigned a secretary . Mr. Trump also told Mr. McAleenan that he would pardon him if he encountered any legal problem a a result of taking the action . Above , an asylum seeker wait in Tijuana , Mexico .
 Separately , Mr. Trump confirmed that he ’ s considering releasing detained migrant into mostly Democratic “ sanctuary city . ”
 _____
 2 . An overnight vote by the Supreme Court revealed a bitter divide on the death penalty .
 In a 5-to-4 vote , the court allowed the execution of an Alabama inmate to proceed , prompting a 3 a.m. dissent by Justice Stephen Breyer . The majority , he said , had denied his request that the execution be delayed so the justice could discus the matter during a private conference on Friday morning . The ruling provided a rare glimpse of the inner working of the court .
 Separately , Ohio became the third state to ban abortion at the first sign of a fetal heartbeat , the latest front in the decades-long campaign by conservative to overturn Roe v. Wade .
 _____
 3 . The arrest of the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange brought his self-imposed exile to a dramatic close . But don ’ t expect to see Mr. Assange in an American courtroom any time soon .
 Extraditing him from Britain to the U.S. , where Mr. Assange face a conspiracy charge , is far from certain , expert say . Within hour of Mr. Assange ’ s arrest , the topic of extradition became a partisan issue in Britain , with Labour Party leader saying he should not be extradited . To complicate thing further , prosecutor in Sweden could reopen a rape investigation involving Mr. Assange and request his extradition to that country .
 And what happened to Mr. Assange ’ s cat ? The cat had a social medium following that transcended the complicated politics of it owner .
 _____
 4 . The ice is melting in the high Arctic despite frigid temperature . And that mean the Russians are coming .
 Moscow is moving to claim Arctic territory a barrier between Russia and North America melt . Yet still-bitter temperature pose an immediate threat to NATO troop defending icy waterway . Our reporter visited Resolute Bay , where military drill are underway to counter Russia ’ s move , above .
 In other international news , Finland is preparing for a general election on Sunday in which climate change ha emerged a the central issue . Populists are now capitalizing on fear of climate activism , saying urban elite will “ take the sausage from the mouth of laborer . ”
 _____
 5 . Standardized-testing official are scrambling to fix weakness in the testing process after the college admission scandal .
 The College Board , which administers the SAT , said it would crack down on request from student to take test at school other than their own . The extra layer of scrutiny came a Mark Ridell , a test whiz at the center of the scandal , pleaded guilty to charge related to the case .
 In other college campus news , student are pushing back against the honor code at Brigham Young University , the latest move to modernize the Mormon Church , which owns the school . The code includes sexual activity and drinking coffee among it prohibition .
 _____
 6 . The financial fallout of the Boeing 737 Max crisis is rippling across the industry .
 With the Max grounded following two deadly crash in five month , Boeing and the airline that rely on it plane are scrambling to adjust . Major airline have canceled thousand of flight . Boeing ha slowed production of the Max and stopped delivery . And with no timetable for the return of the jet , Boeing is facing escalating bill , numerous legal threat and a crisis of confidence .
 One estimate project that the cost of lawsuit and reimbursement could total $ 1.9 billion in just six month . Above , 737 Max 8 at the Boeing plant in Renton , Wash .
 _____
 7 . LeBron James may have not made it to the N.B.A . playoff , which begin this weekend . But there ’ s a different kind of success story out of Akron , Ohio , his hometown .
 This time last year , the student at the I Promise School , a public school supported by Mr. James , were identified a the worst performer in the Akron public school . Now , the inaugural class of third and fourth grader ha posted extraordinary result on it first set of test score .
 “ We are reigniting dream that were extinguished — already in third and fourth grade , ” the school ’ s principal said . “ We want to change the face of urban education . ”
 _____
 8 . In one of our best-read story today :
 A white restaurateur in New York advertised “ clean ” Chinese food , where the lo mein wouldn ’ t make people feel “ bloated and icky. ” Chinese-Americans had something to say about it .
 The restaurant , called Lucky Lee ’ s , ha become the latest front in the debate over cultural appropriation . The owner ha apologized .
 “ Where she is coming from is a very dark place , and it ’ s a very sensitive place in the heart of Chinese people , ” said the owner of an acclaimed dumpling restaurant in Brooklyn .
 In other food news , a former chef is harvesting thousand of snail on the North Fork of Long Island , making it the only legitimate snail farm in the U.S .
 _____
 9 . The wait is almost over .
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” begin Sunday night after a nearly two-year hiatus . As the fantasy saga head for the explosive finale it ha promised , our TV critic is hoping for a little more conversation and a little le action . We also have this very thorough guide that detail where the show left off , and what ’ s to come .
 And in other fantasy world : E L James changed the literary landscape with her blockbuster erotica trilogy , “ Fifty Shades of Grey. ” Now she is trying something ( sort of ) new with a new novel .
 _____
 10 . Finally , let ’ s dance .
 The Times ha a treasure trove of dance photograph in it archive , from Martha Graham to break dancing , and formal dinner dance at the Waldorf Astoria in New York to dancing in East Village Bars , pictured above in 1967 . We had Misty Copeland , a principal dancer with the American Ballet Theater , sift through them to choose some of the best .
 “ There are caption that can inform , but they are not necessary , ” Ms. Copeland writes . “ These photograph of dancer , like dance itself , can tell a hundred story without uttering a single word . ”
 However you shake it , have a great weekend .
 _____
 Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern .
 And don ’ t miss Your Morning Briefing . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning .
 Want to catch up on past briefing ? You can browse them here .
 What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let u know at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Laura M. Holson
 At the “ Captain Marvel ” premiere in Los Angeles last month , Brie Larson roamed the red carpet in a sequined Rodarte slip dress , a galaxy of diamond cradling her ear . A squadron of F-16 fighter jet flew overhead a fan cheered the movie ’ s star a she climbed step to a stage where she wa interviewed by Lorraine Cink .
 Ms. Cink , a self-described comic book geek and red carpet host , did not ask Ms. Larson about her gown a others did that day . Nor did she discus the movie ’ s internet troll or Ms. Larson ’ s call for more diversity in Hollywood . Instead she focused solely on Captain Marvel and her alter ego Carol Danvers , a United States Air Force pilot , played by Ms. Larson .
 “ Carol changed my life and this movie hasn ’ t even come out yet , ” Ms. Larson said , a she held back tear .
 Red carpet interview from the premiere were streamed live for fan who could not attend . And the show wa a slickly produced a any pre-awards festivity , albeit one that edged toward camp at time . ( For starter , Ms. Cink ’ s co-host interviewed a cat , one of several that played Goose in the movie . )
 Ms. Cink is an employee of Marvel Studios , which produced Captain Marvel . And if there is any question why the studio would air the red carpet live , consider this : The live stream ha been watched more than 485,000 time on YouTube alone .
 Fans today clamor for anything related to their favorite movie and television franchise . As a result , live-streaming from the red carpet is not just for the Oscars anymore . More studio are producing their own red carpet extravaganza , hiring battalion of brand-friendly host to market the studio ’ s offering and control social medium messaging . And with technology that make live-steaming easy , new player have joined the fray to take advantage of the summer blockbuster season and it worldwide audience .
 “ Movie premiere have become global moment , ” said Doug Neil , Universal Pictures executive vice president for digital marketing . “ Fans like to feel like they are part of the experience . ”
 Mr. Neil would know . Last year the studio held only one premiere in London for “ Mamma Mia ! Here We Go Again. ” With an army of Academy Award winner on the red carpet — including Meryl Streep , Colin Firth , Tom Hanks and Cher — the event would be difficult for Universal to reproduce elsewhere , he said . Premieres are expensive , too , sometimes costing $ 100,000 or more . So the festivity in London were live-streamed on Facebook , where they were viewed more than 451,000 time around the world .
 “ The talent bench wa so deep , ” Mr. Neil said of the celebrity who attended . “ And Facebook ha our largest community of fans. ” With streaming technology , he added , “ It ’ s very easy to flip a switch . ”
 The quality , though , can depend on whose hand is on the switch . “ When we started doing this , it wa iPhones on tripod , ” said Alison Hoffman , chief marketing officer for the cable channel Starz . Now , she said , the company team up with medium outlet , like Entertainment Weekly , People and Entertainment Tonight , to host live stream red carpet event . That wa the case last June at the premiere of “ Power ” at Radio City Music Hall in Manhattan . The channel broadcast a live stream with three video camera .
 “ For the right show , it ’ s a critical part of the mix , ” Ms. Hoffman said .
 That is not always the case , though . Last week , the cast of “ Game of Thrones ” gathered at Radio City Music Hall for the final red carpet premiere for the beloved HBO show . The spectacle wa broadcast live by NowThis , a social medium content company , which streamed unscripted , raw footage from the “ Game of Thrones ” press line . An HBO executive said the company wa neither involved in nor aware of the live stream , which explains why it had none of the polish of a typical HBO affair .
 Photographers could be heard booing when Sophie Turner , who play Sansa Stark , invited Joe Jonas , her pop star fiancé , to join her on the red carpet . “ How about a kiss ? ” a man shouted at Lisa Bonet , the wife of Jason Momoa , who delighted a the he-man Khal Drogo in Season 1 . Ms. Bonet shook her head no ; her husband wa visibly annoyed .
 The video itself wa sketchy , too . The camera shook and the Wi-Fi wa unreliable . Gwendoline Christie looked fetching in a flowing yellow gown until she waved her silken sleeve and the screen disappeared into a haze of pixelated square . Still , the live stream ha been watched more than 188,000 time on YouTube .
 “ It ’ s not always the best quality that get the most eyeball , ” said Tina Exarhos , the chief content officer of NowThis . “ When you are on a red carpet , these are the moment you look for . ”
 Despite the video ’ s raw quality , she added , “ We are looking to do more and more of these with studio . ”
 The Walt Disney Studios , which oversees Lucasfilm , Marvel Studios , Pixar and it own slate of movie , ha the most sophisticated live-streaming operation in Hollywood . Lylle Breier , who oversees premiere and special event for the studio , said there were often multiple host — some on stage , others on the red carpet — and several camera used for interview .
 The movie that attract the most attention are the “ Star Wars ” and Marvel franchise . Last April ’ s red carpet premiere for “ Avengers : Infinity War , ” for example , ha been watched 7.28 million time . There , Gwyneth Paltrow plugged her company , Goop . ( “ She did a Goop detox and she ’ s fine , ” she said of her stressed-out character , Pepper Potts . ) Ms. Paltrow also admitted to never having watched an “ Avengers ” movie .
 As many a 30 people are hired to produce a live-streamed red carpet show for a Disney company premiere . And host , like Ms. Cink , have job mostly because they are fan . “ They do not ask reporter-type question , ” Ms. Breier said .
 Ms. Cink ha hosted at least six streaming red carpet premiere and writes all her own question . She copped to being flustered by only one celebrity : Stan Lee , the force behind Marvel Comics . ( Mr. Lee died in November , and “ Captain Marvel ” carry a dedication to him , a well a a montage of his movie cameo in the Marvel logo . )
 Her background in improvisational theater is helpful , she said . Once her earpiece quit working during a live shot , which made it impossible to hear .
 “ I looked like a deer in the headlight , ” she said . “ I screamed my intro . I know I looked , like , cuckoo banana . And it wa completely live . I wa kicking off the whole show . ”

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 FEB. 28 , 2019

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Giovanni Russonello
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 With a polar vortex sweeping much of the United States , Stephen Colbert took a short break from Trump-bashing on Tuesday to make a few joke about the bone-chilling cold .
 “ The viral marketing for ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ha gone too far . We get it ! Winter is coming. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 “ Wisconsinites have sought shelter under a thick layer of melted cheddar ! ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 Jimmy Fallon poked fun at President Trump while commenting on the extreme weather : He pointed out that the president ’ s Twitter post about the cold front misspelled “ global warming ” — in addition to apparently misunderstanding the way that climate change can cause cold front .
 “ He wa like , ‘ Global warming is a hoax — but global waming is very real. ’ Then he said , ‘ I recommend staying indoors and drinking a wame cup of tea. ’ ” — JIMMY FALLON
 “ I heard expert say that during a polar vortex , you shouldn ’ t leave item like beer , egg and medicine in your car . Though if that ’ s what you ’ re keeping in your car , the polar vortex is the least of your problems. ” — JIMMY FALLON
 As the former Starbucks chief executive Howard Schultz explores a run for president , many people on the left of the political aisle have been expressing their dismay . Fallon suggested they all calm down a little .
 “ Some Democrats are threatening to boycott Starbucks . Yeah , then Starbucks said , ‘ Don ’ t worry , the food in the display case will still be here when you get back. ’ ” — JIMMY FALLON
 “ Over the weekend , the United Arab Emirates held ‘ gender equality award ’ that were won entirely by men . Congratulations , guy , but I got ta say , men are the one creating the inequality . That ’ s like giving a ‘ perfect attendance award ’ to the kid who gave the whole class E. coli-contaminated cupcakes. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 “ Denmark is building a 43-mile-long fence along it border with Germany to keep out wild pig . Just to mess with Trump , Mexico agreed to pay for it. ” — JIMMY FALLON
 “ To kick thing off , none other than President Trump ha agreed to sit for a pregame interview . And the Super Bowl , you know , is his third-favorite bowl right behind taco and toilet. ” — JIMMY KIMMEL
 “ A hummus brand in England called MeToo ! will be changing it name of 14 year after the company suffered a significant drop in sale , possibly due to the # MeToo anti-harassment movement . ‘ We feel your pain , ’ said the owner of Toys ‘ R ’ Kelly. ” — SETH MEYERS
 Desus and Mero — the comedy duo behind Viceland ’ s late-night show , which come back from a break next month — will sit down with Jimmy Kimmel on Wednesday
 Can Aprile Millo , a diva who once ruled the Met , make her comeback ?
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The Best Movies and TV Shows New to Netflix , Amazon and More in January
 The 20 Best TV Dramas Since ‘ The Sopranos ’
 Seven TV Shows That Are Perfect for Multitasking
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Michael Tackett
 WASHINGTON — As political prop go , the one in the middle of the conference table during President Trump ’ s cabinet meeting on Wednesday wa a hard to miss a it wa baffling .
 It wa a movie-style poster of the president in a bestride-the-colossus pose , hair lacquered in place , gaze serious and purposeful , with the word “ SANCTIONS ARE COMING NOVEMBER 4 ” emblazoned across the middle .
 Mr. Trump did not talk about the poster . Nor did any of his cabinet member seated around him , or even Vice President Mike Pence , who wa sitting directly in front of it . And he made no connection to the date on the poster — two day before Election Day .
 But in November he had tweeted a picture of the poster , with the date of Nov. 5 , to announce that sanction against Iran , which had been repealed when President Barack Obama signed a nuclear agreement with the country in 2015 , were going to be reimposed . And a he took question from reporter on Wednesday , Mr. Trump mentioned that Iran wa now a much different country , apparently because of the sanction that the United States had imposed .
 “ They ’ re having riot every week , in every city — bigger than they ’ ve ever had before , ” Mr. Trump said . “ Their currency is under siege thanks to u . A lot of bad thing are happening . When we do all of the thing that we ’ ve done monetarily to Iran , Iran is in trouble . ”
 But no reference to the poster , which when it wa first shown instantly drew comparison to HBO ’ s “ Game of Thrones , ” a fantasy series whose mantra is “ Winter is Coming . ”
 At the time of the tweet , HBO responded on Twitter .
 When asked about the poster on Thursday morning on Fox News , Kellyanne Conway , counselor to the president , responded . “ Ah , that ’ s just the president saying ‘ sanction are coming Nov. 4. ’ I think the president speaking for 95 minute show his transparency . ”
 The White House did not respond to a request for additional comment on Thursday .
 But the president delivered one of his own , posting a variation of the poster on his Instagram account that said , “ THE WALL IS COMING . ”



 Advertisement
 The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” held it premiere on April 3 at Radio City Music Hall in New York . Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner posed on the red carpet .

 Sophie Turner , Emilia Clarke , Kit Harington and other “ Game of Thrones ” Stars at the New York premiere .
 Feature
 As a “ Game of Thrones ” tourist in Northern Ireland , you can see how the magic of a fantasy realm ha eclipsed the history of the actual place .
 ‘ ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ’ tourist in Ballintoy Harbour , which ha stood in for several location in Westeros.CreditCreditKenneth O Halloran for The New York Times
 Supported by
 By Mark O ’ Connell
 The first time I saw a map of Westeros , I wa struck by how much it looked like an inverted map of Ireland . There were some difference , of course . Size , for one thing : Westeros is a sprawling continent , whereas the entire island of Ireland could fit snugly inside the state of Indiana . And the northern part of Westeros looked a if Britain had been clumsily grafted onto it . There wa also the fact that Westeros did not technically exist — that it emerged fully formed in the mid-1990s out of the volcanic imagination of the American fantasy writer George R.R . Martin — and that Ireland and Britain technically did , though their border persisted in a state of ontological flux . My curiosity about this cartographic relationship led me to enter the term “ Ireland Westeros map ” into Google , where I learned that my observation wa not an original one . Martin himself had confirmed a much in an interview at Comic-Con in 2014 . “ Westeros began , ” he said , “ a upside-down Ireland . ”
 Some time ago , long before I ever watched an episode of “ Game of Thrones , ” I became fascinated by the relationship between my country and Westeros . This fascination had it origin in a trip I made to Northern Ireland in 2017 . My first book had just been published , and I wa invited to do an event at a small literary festival in Enniskillen , a town about 12 mile north of the border with the Republic . Although the border is le than an hour and a half from where I live in Dublin , this trip to Enniskillen involved crossing it for only the second time in my life . My ambivalence toward the region wa hardly unique : It is extremely common to hear Dubliners say that they have never been to Belfast , the next-largest city on this tiny island , and that they have no special sense of urgency about ever going .
 Since the removal of border control after the Good Friday Agreement , crossing between the Republic and Northern Ireland ha been a frictionless experience . And there wa , on that trip to Enniskillen , something about the nature of that transition — of being in one country one moment and another the next , and yet also sort of not — that forced me to consider the sense in which a nation is a work of fiction , an ongoing project of collective imagination . I found myself thinking often of the political scientist Benedict Anderson ’ s description of nation a “ imagined communities. ” ( To be strictly accurate , what I found myself thinking about wa the title of his book “ Imagined Communities ” : I wa assigned it in college , but got no farther than the cover . ) And then , a I wa waiting in the hotel lobby for a car to pick me up , my gaze wa drawn toward a leaflet stand . Among the flier promoting bus tour to various site of natural beauty and historical interest , I noted one advertising a company called Game of Thrones Tours . The show film all over Europe , from Iceland to Croatia , but a majority is shot in Northern Ireland , either on location or on soundstages in Belfast . This company offered guided bus trip to the real-world filming location of the show , which were dotted all over the pamphlet ’ s little map .
 I plucked one of these leaflet off the stand and , scrutinizing the map , wa struck by how Westeros had been superimposed over this troubled and ambiguous region of the island . It wa an uncanny reflection of the process by which colonialism had redrawn the map of Ireland , and at the same time it seemed to offer a way of seeing the North that had nothing to do with it own dark and violent history . It wa a way of being there while also being somewhere else entirely : of proceeding from one level of collective imagination to another , more fantastical and abstract .
 [ Read our recap of the ‘ Game of Thrones ’ Season 8 premiere . ]
 Less than half an hour after the tour bus left the pickup point , I realized we were no longer in Northern Ireland , but had entered the realm of Westeros . We were passing Stormont Castle , on the outskirt of Belfast . This wa theoretically the seat of Northern Ireland ’ s government , but for over two year now this executive office — jointly controlled by the right-wing loyalist ( and largely Protestant ) Democratic Unionist Party and the left-wing republican ( and largely Catholic ) Sinn Fein — had languished in a state of indefinite suspension thanks to a densely complex sequence of disagreement . The tour guide made no mention of this notable landmark , and the reason he made no mention of it , I further understood , wa that it had nothing to do with “ Game of Thrones . ”
 The guide , a man named Robbie , with a graying beard and a high voice , had appeared some year back a an extra on the show . This wa one way in which Game of Thrones Tours distinguished itself : Just about all the company ’ s guide had some connection with the production . The region ’ s status a “ the home of ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ” wa , according to the Tourism Northern Ireland agency , worth about 65 million dollar a year in tourism alone . There were bus tour , walking tour , cycling tour , helicopter tour , boat tour , private luxury-car tour . In downtown Belfast there wa a dedicated “ Game of Thrones ” escape-room experience . You could even visit a 17th-century castle on the Antrim coast for a “ Thrones ” -themed afternoon tea , where you would be served Littlefinger Mini Chicken Caesar Wraps and Kingslayer Cupcakes .
 As we passed Stormont , Robbie wa deep into a long and polished monologue about his experience on set .
 “ They taught hundred of u extra how to sword-fight and how to die , ” he wa saying . “ I reckon I wa one of the best at how to die , because I died seven time in one episode . At the Battle of Blackwater Bay , I got shot in the back by a Lannister arrow . They changed my uniform , and then in another scene I got killed by a rock falling on my head . Then I got shot in the back again . ”
 Like some restless spirit who had taken command of the bus ’ s P.A . system , he continued to cheerfully enumerate his many violent death and resurrection . Then the road began to run alongside a large body of water . This , he said , wa the Narrow Sea , which separated Westeros from Essos to the east . In real life , he clarified , this wa known a Strangford Lough , but for our purpose here what we were looking at wa the Narrow Sea , and it wa from here that we would be crossing to Winterfell Castle , principal noble house of the North and ancestral seat of House Stark .
 When it wasn ’ t starring a Winterfell on the show — with the aid of a little C.G.I . enhancement — this estate wa known a Castle Ward . I took out my phone , looked it up and learned that dating back to the 18th century it had been the home of the Ward family , local aristocrat ; because of it symbolic connection to British rule , it wa the site of a botched I.R.A . bombing attempt in 1973 , in which two people , one of them a teenage girl , were killed when an explosive device they were priming detonated prematurely . Feeling suddenly self-conscious , I angled my phone away so that the woman next to me on the bus couldn ’ t glance over and see me reading about the real history of the place . I felt that I wa somehow transgressing an unspoken agreement to forget , for the duration of the tour , the actual cartography of conquest and violence that lay beneath the superimposed map of Westeros . That wa the thing about Northern Ireland : Knowingly or otherwise , you were always grazing against the ghost of some horror .
 [ The complete guide to “ Game of Thrones ” ]
 I ’ ll admit that this is not a particularly sophisticated view to take of the historical and cultural complexity of the region , but whenever I am there I can ’ t help thinking of Northern Ireland a a place that ha been no le imagined into existence than Westeros , only more thoroughly and concretely . Even before the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty that ended Ireland ’ s War of Independence with Britain and divided the island into two distinct political entity , the province of Ulster — comprising nine county , six of which now make up Northern Ireland — wa different , at least in a demographic sense . It wa the only one of Ireland ’ s four province with a majority-Protestant population , most of whom were descendant of 17th-century colonial settler and committed to the country ’ s union with Britain . That distinction wa a major reason for the partition , and for the decade of ethnonationalist violence referred to , with rueful Irish stoicism , a the Troubles .
 I experience the North a a realm of deep cognitive dissonance , beginning with the uncanniness of crossing a largely invisible border . I ’ ll see the Union Jack flying from a lamppost , or pay for something using pound rather than euro , and I ’ ll find myself wondering why everyone is just going around acting a if they were in Britain . The invisibility of the partition a an infrastructural phenomenon reinforces this niggling sense that some kind of collective fantasy is being enacted . If you didn ’ t know anything about the context , you could almost wind up thinking there wa something vaguely whimsical going on , some gigantic and inscrutable performance-art piece that maybe had something to do with the fictionality of nationhood .
 It wa Ireland ’ s and Britain ’ s membership in the European Union that allowed for the dismantling of the hard border in the first place . And then came the Brexit vote in 2016 , leaving u with an apparently insoluble problem . If Britain is to leave the E.U. , it will , in all likelihood , have to enforce it border with Europe — a border that now lie , inconveniently and intractably , between Northern Ireland and the Republic . There seems to be no way of honoring the Brexit vote without reinstating it hard infrastructure ( custom check , guard ) and thereby reopening that imperfectly healed wound running athwart the Irish landscape . The fear is that such a regression could plunge the entire island back into the nightmare of history from which it ha only recently begun to awaken .
 Britain ’ s decision to leave the E.U . wa taken with little apparent consideration of this entirely predictable problem . It wa a if , for the British electorate , the question wa immaterial . Brexit wasn ’ t about Northern Ireland — a region that , for obvious reason , voted against it . It also wasn ’ t really about the E.U. , or at least not only about the E.U . You could say it wa about Britain ’ s vast and growing inequality , and the widening cultural and economic rift between London and the rest of the country . You could say it wa a democratic protest against the union ’ s stultifying authority . You could say it wa a reactionary fantasy , stoked by the right-wing press , of a great and ingenious people who had been hoodwinked into vassalage by a faceless bureaucracy hellbent on forcing Britain ’ s fisherman to wear hairnet and introducing strict regulation ensuring the straightness of banana .
 You could say all of this and pretty much anything else you liked about Brexit , and it would not be untrue . And yet for all their complexity , both Northern Ireland and Brexit have a way of making plain the extent to which nationhood is bound up with fantasy . Despite the widespread tendency to think of them a immutable geopolitical fact , state are structured on story , and sustained through act of collective imagination . Over the complex and tedious reality of Britain ’ s relationship with the European Union , Brexit superimposed , among other thing , a fantasy of tyranny and liberation , a return to a great national past of heroism and glory . And this imagined nation wa threatening to radically affect the shape of my own . Fiction , at a number of point , wa exerting an existential pressure on the structure of reality .
 “ We now know , ” Robbie said , “ exactly where we are . ”
 In a strictly technical sense , we were standing in an earthy hollow in Tollymore Forest Park , about 40 mile south of Belfast , clustered around Robbie , who wa cuing up a clip for u to watch on his tablet . But in another sense , we were in what wa known a the “ Wildling pit , ” where in the very first scene of the very first episode , three ranger of the Night ’ s Watch find the dismembered corps of a group of Wildlings — tribespeople who inhabit the savage territory north of the realm . This wa , in term of “ Game of Thrones ” tourism , the holy of holy . It wa the Omphalos of Delphi . It wa the Church of the Holy Sepulcher . Maybe I wa reading into it more than wa warranted , but that , in any case , wa what I took Robbie to mean when he said that we knew exactly where we were .
 He held aloft the tablet in one hand and a Bluetooth speaker in the other , and a reverent hush fell upon the group a we watched the scene in the very place where it had been filmed . There , right ahead of u , wa the tree on which the Wildling child had been impaled . If you looked closely you could see where the production crew had put a bolt in the trunk to connect to the girl ’ s harness . And here , right where we were standing , wa where one of the ranger wa killed by a White Walker , which slaughter we were watching unfold on Robbie ’ s tablet , allowing u to witness two reality at once , the real and the fictional . A sudden breeze stirred the birch above u , and there wa an urgent whisper in the leaf . I myself didn ’ t much care much about “ Game of Thrones ” per se , and even I felt it , a numinous shiver running through the forest .
 There were perhaps 20 of u . The group wa largely couple in their 20 and 30 , a surprising fact that I chalked up to the centrality of binge-watching to the modern relationship . It wa a fine day , clear and strangely warm for mid-February in Ireland , let alone Westeros . We walked a narrow path alongside a river , clear water rushing over moss-covered rock . It wa all preposterously idyllic . But the beauty of this forest in itself wa not really the point of our being here . The point of our being here wa that it beauty had led to it being featured on “ Game of Thrones. ” There wa a sense in which we could have been anywhere . There wa a sense in which we were nowhere .
 All of this — this situation in particular , the relationship in general between Northern Ireland and Westeros — made me think of Jorge Luis Borges ’ s ingenious story “ Tlön , Uqbar , Orbis Tertius , ” in which the discovery of a fictional encyclopedia from an invented world called Tlön cause the real world to give way beneath the pressure of the intricate fiction . In the story ’ s haunting postscript , he record the flooding of the earth with the textual evidence of Tlön ’ s invented history . The language of Tlön , he report , is already being taught in school , it “ harmonious history ” already eclipsing the chaotic and bewildering history of the actual world . The appeal of Tlön , in all it imagined order and man-made coherence , is too powerful to be resisted . “ Almost immediately , reality yielded on more than one account , ” Borges writes . “ The truth is that it longed to yield . ”
 “ Tlön , Uqbar , Orbis Tertius ” wa published in 1940 , at a time when Europe wa consumed by a war of unprecedented scale and violence , but the postscript is written from the future vantage of 1947 . For all that the story is rooted in a speculative conceit , it demand to be read a a political fable about the ease with which reality yield to the coherence of fantasy . “ Ten year ago , ” Borges writes , “ any symmetry with a semblance of order — dialectical materialism , anti-Semitism , Nazism — wa sufficient to entrance the mind of men . How could one do other than submit to Tlön , to the minute and vast evidence of an orderly planet ? ”
 It wa two week later , and we were in the cave where Melisandre had given birth to a shadow creature , and our guide , Brian , a wiry man with fervent eye and a volatile wit , wa talking about the varied quality of some of the other “ Thrones ” tour operator that were out there in the early day of the boom . One week he ’ d notice a guy on his tour taking photo and jotting down note , and the next week he ’ d arrive at a location to find the same guy giving a tour himself , regurgitating Brian ’ s material , messing up his joke . Like his colleague Robbie , Brian took great pride in his stint a an extra on the show , and the repertoire of anecdote he had thereby accrued .
 Since the peace process , Belfast had developed a cottage industry in so-called black-cab tour of loyalist and nationalist neighborhood , and of the elaborate mural variously honoring terrorist , hunger striker , political prisoner , colonial conqueror and so on . Many of the guide on these tour , Brian noted , were themselves former paramilitary member . It wa his contention that a lot of them had sensed the change in the prevailing market wind and pivoted away from Troubles tourism to “ Thrones ” tourism . He himself had been in some borderline-hairy situation with these guy , he said . There wa , for instance , an unpleasant incident a while back at Ballintoy Harbour , the location for the Iron Islands scene on the show , He ’ d been on the beach taking a photo with his tour group , all dressed up in cloak and broadsword , and one of these new tour guide showed up with his own smaller group — plastic sword , chintzy cloak — and asked if he could get in on the photo . Brian suspected his competitor wa planning to use the photo for publicity on his own Facebook page , and declined the request , at which point the man drew his gift-shop cutlas and challenged him to a duel . What seemed like a playful gesture , Brian said , wa palpably the vector of a sincere threat . But he wasn ’ t afraid of these men . If you ’ d done time on the set of “ Game of Thrones , ” he said , there wasn ’ t much that could scare you .
 Brian ’ s guiding style wa very different from Robbie ’ s . For all I knew , it wa entirely unique . Of all the consumer-facing tourism sector worker I had ever encountered , he wa by some distance the most foulmouthed . Within minute of leaving the pickup point that morning , he wa delivering an unexpectedly gritty monologue about the importance of punctuality with respect to the day ’ s itinerary . He wasn ’ t going to miss a location , he intoned , because someone had decided to take time into their own hand . “ I don ’ t drop location , ” he said . “ I drop people . ”
 Nobody in the group seemed unsettled by this kind of talk ; it wasn ’ t hard to recognize Brian ’ s hardboiled-tour-guide routine a high-concept , finely honed shtick . It seemed in any case unlikely that fan of a show notorious for it eye gougings and skull stavings , it lavish simulation of incest and rape , would be offended by a man swearing into a bus P.A . system . Whereas on the previous tour , Robbie never referred to the actual history of violence that lay beneath the fictional significance of the location — he wa all Tlön , all the time — Brian had a habit of alluding to the reality of the place where we happened to be .
 “ I ’ m very glad ‘ Game of Thrones ’ came here , ” he said . The bus wa slaloming along a narrow road , the glistening expanse of the Irish Sea to our starboard side . “ Before ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ my country wa known for two thing : the Titanic and the Troubles . The international perception wa riot , bomb going off , blood in the street . None of this wa great for tourism. ” Brian made a joke then about how the paramilitary on both side had handed in their weapon , and the “ Game of Thrones ” tour operator had sword now , and it struck me that there wa something strange , and even wonderful , about the way in which real violence had been replaced by fantasy violence . This new dispensation wa fragile , though , and contingent on wider political event .
 The relationship between Westeros and our own reality go deeper than mere cartography . In plotting his story , Martin draw heavily on the intrigue of the Wars of the Roses , a series of 15th-century civil war , lasting 30 year , between rival claimant to the English crown . His invented world get much of it texture from the real history of medieval Europe a well , though it dragon and assorted monster are real , and it politics vividly legible in our current time .
 When “ Game of Thrones ” first aired in 2011 , Barack Obama wa midway through his first term , and despite the recent global financial crisis it seemed a if the technocratic international order would maintain it implacable composure indefinitely , that we were destined to remain in the cul-de-sac of history . The show , by contrast , imagined a world of Machiavellian scheming set against the darkening backdrop of climate change . It wa also a world in which power and legitimacy were radically untethered , in which a former cohesion and strength had given way to decadence and endless crisis . If the show ’ s success could be accounted for by a latent cultural desire for a return to a politics of violence and treachery , then the world had since received in abundance what it didn ’ t quite realize it wanted .
 For all the complexity of it motivation , the campaign for Britain to leave the E.U . also traded on a regressive and fantastical vision of the country ’ s past : that of an indomitable island nation that had conquered the world , that had faced down fascism and that would never bend the knee to the petty bureaucratic tyranny of Brussels . The Leave campaign , for all it transparent fraudulence , demonstrated the potency of this ahistoric fantasy . It demonstrated the extent to which nation are work of imagination . Britain , in this sense , had become it own Tlön : an alluring invention imposed upon the darkness and chaos of an actual history .
 In March , my wife and I decided , more or le spontaneously , to take a trip up to Belfast with our son and our baby daughter , thinking it might be the last time we ’ d be able to do it without having to reckon with a border and all that went with it . My wife had never even been to Belfast . To our son , who had just turned 6 , we pitched it a a trip to the Ulster Museum , where there were dinosaur bone and ancient weapon and an exhibition of drawing by Leonardo da Vinci , with whom he had lately become obsessed .
 I wa aware of a certain tension gathering in the gut a we approached the invisible partition , a tension that wa unjustified by the crossing itself , frictionless a it remained for now . “ Welcome to Northern Ireland ” said the road sign , about 20 minute north of Dundalk . Someone had flung paint at the sign , five or six splash , blood-red against the white background .
 “ Nice , ” my wife said .
 The E.U. ’ s most recent deal with Britain ha secured an extension to Brexit until Oct. 31 . But at the time , thing seemed to be deteriorating at alarming speed . A no-deal Brexit , until recently an unthinkable prospect , had become all of a sudden feverishly , luridly thinkable . That morning , a document arrived in the mail from our motor insurance company — a “ green card ” we would need to keep with u while driving across the border , which in the event of a no-deal Brexit would validate our insurance in the North . A couple of week before my first “ Game of Thrones ” tour , a dissident republican group exploded a car bomb outside a courthouse in Derry . Shortly thereafter , package bomb were found in London airport and a train station , mailed from location in Ireland . It wa hard not to consider a grim cascade of possibility : a no-deal Brexit , a return to a hard border and an armed republican response to same .
 On the top floor of the museum , we came to a large and dimly lit room , more crowded than any other section of the museum . Its sole exhibit wa a handwoven tapestry , 263 foot in length , mounted along the curve of a display wall . In the style of the Bayeux Tapestry , which related the history of the 11th-century Norman Conquest of Britain , it consisted of a seamless series of panel illustrating scene of a violent history . A child pushed from a tower by a man with golden hair . A hooded figure savaged by a gigantic wolf a a woman with bleeding hand looked on . A knight beheading a horse with his sword . A woman in a cave , naked , giving birth to a creature made of shadow . These neatly delineated horror went on and on , becoming more and more vivid a the tapestry progressed . ( Luckily , my son hadn ’ t stuck around long enough to be subjected to these image . He ’ d taken one look at the tapestry , pronounced it “ just a big cloth going around the room ” and demanded to be taken to the toilet on a lower floor by his mother . )
 The tapestry , I realized , wa now further along in the history of the show ’ s War of the Five Kings than I myself wa . I wa midway through Season 2 , having lately gotten into it in the most absurd manner possible : Witnessing for the first time the beauty of Northern Ireland on those location tour , I wanted to see it transformed into Westeros . In it recording the episode of an imagined history , the tapestry wa also a gantlet of spoiler . What it really wa , of course , wa a clever marketing device , dreamed up by HBO and Tourism Ireland and made real by a group of highly skilled Belfast linen weaver . For every episode , a new panel wa added , so that shortly after the series finale aired in May , the “ Game of Thrones ” tapestry would be longer than the Bayeux Tapestry itself .
 I didn ’ t know whether I found the tapestry ingenious or horrendous or some volatile combination of both . But mostly I just couldn ’ t discount the sense that what I wa looking at wa in fact some form of historical artifact , further evidence of the encroachment of the realm of Westeros upon our own . I arrived at the end of the tapestry , at the point where recorded history gave way to an uncertain future , and I thought again of Borges , of Tlön , of the way in which a complex and confusing reality yield to the man-made order of a fictional world . Given the fragility of digital record compared with physical artifact , it wa possible to imagine future historian misunderstanding this cross-promotional tie-in a a real historical document . It wa possible to imagine , in fact , that this would not be a misunderstanding at all .
 I came to a scene of a banquet massacre , lavishly rendered . Throats slit , torso pierced with arrow , a pregnant woman daggered in the belly . The terrible violence of the image wa rendered appealingly neat , even pretty , by the skillful weaving . The red of the blood gushing from the wound , pooling on the banquet-hall floor , reminded me of the paint splashed on the “ Welcome to Northern Ireland ” sign at the border . Ahead of me , a bearded man in his late 20 had been glossing each panel for the benefit of his female companion , who seemed le impressed by his historical knowledge than he did himself . He inclined his head now toward the woven scene of butchery . “ That ’ s the Red Wedding , ” he said , his face set in a performance of stern scholarship . “ One of the all-time great episode . ”
 The woman said nothing , only nodded equably . It wa unclear how interested she wa in any of this . The world , I thought , wa already yielding to Westeros . The truth is that it longed to yield .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Margaret Lyons
 No matter how much free time you have this weekend , we have TV recommendation for you . Come back every Friday for new suggestion on what to watch .
 ‘ Special ’ When to watch : Starting Friday , on Netflix .
 Ryan O ’ Connell created and star in this semi-autobiographical series that is basically “ Shrill ” but about a disabled gay man . He ’ s learning to accept himself , his sexuality , his cerebral palsy and his … codependency with his mom . Ryan is a blogger , so he and his new BFF at work have zinger for day , but the show ha plenty of sweetness to balance it snark . At eight 15-minute episode , it feel scant , but “ Special ” pack in an impressive amount of character richness and development , and it doesn ’ t waste time .
 ‘ Game of Thrones ’ When to watch : Sunday at 9 p.m. , on HBO .
 Perhaps you ’ ve heard : “ Game of Thrones ” is returning for an eighth and final season this weekend . It ’ s nice to see some friendly or at last familiar face after such a long break between season ; the show ha been gone for almost two year . The challenge for these final six episode is that “ Thrones ” ha constantly expanded it story without always advancing it , and tying together anything this sprawling seems almost impossible .
 ‘ Queens of Mystery ’ When to watch : Now , on Acorn TV .
 If you like “ Pushing Daisies , ” this is your next jam . We ’ ve got a fairy-tale-style omniscient narrator who note the exact year , month and day since certain event ; oddball aunt who raised a bookish niece ; and police investigation that are more whimsical than gory . Olivia Vinall play Matilda , a detective who developed her skill thanks to her aunt ’ career a crime novelist . Acorn is releasing three two-part story ; the first is available now , and the second and third debut on April 15 and 22 .



 Advertisement
 Opinion
 Emilia Clarke ha conquered her health issue . Now will Daenerys conquer the Seven Kingdoms ?
 Emilia Clarke of `` Game of Thrones . `` CreditCreditDamon Winter/The New York Times
 Supported by
 By Maureen Dowd
 Opinion Columnist
 Women all over the world are riding the tiger .
 Except Emilia Clarke .
 She ’ s riding the dragon .
 The fire-and-ice fantasy world of HBO ’ s “ Game of Thrones ” may be set in feudal time , but the heady whoosh of woman leader rising on the show , a it reach it bloody conclusion , parallel the heady whoosh of woman leader rising around the globe in the last couple of year .
 All eye are now on the fierce four : Daenerys , Cersei , Sansa and Arya . Going into it eighth and final season , the show ha offered a primer in how a female leader must act differently than a male leader in a world run predominantly by men — the double standard , the way an action can be perceived in very different way depending on whether it ’ s a man or a woman undertaking it .
 “ The whole show is just a discussion on power , ” Clarke tell me in an interview at the Mandarin Oriental before the premiere at Radio City Music Hall . “ Because the Iron Throne is representative of complete and consuming power and what that doe to someone . It ’ s fascinating , what I ’ ve found about the sacrifice that you make and what you get out of it a a result . Ultimately , if you get on the throne , what are you really getting ? ”
 She cite her beautiful and icy Lannister rival , Queen Cersei ( played by Lena Headey ) , who ha lost her three child to murder and suicide and driven off Jaime , her brother/lover , who grew disgusted by her rapaciousness .
 “ Cersei prof that you ’ re not getting that much , ” Clarke say . “ You ’ re getting a lot of loneliness , pain , critique . ”
 She say that the cunning woman of “ Game of Thrones ” have been shunted aside by father , husband and brother , and they ’ re fed up with proving themselves over and over . “ The fight becomes an identity battle : ‘ I ’ m doing this because I ’ ve got to be worth more than I wa told I wa . ’ ”
 Some have seen the show , a The Washington Post put it , a a “ revenge fantasy about what happens when woman who have been brutalized and raped gain power . … Rape or enslave or shame a woman on ‘ Game of Thrones ’ and she will plot your murder , curse your unborn child in your womb , burn your capital city , bomb your place of worship , let you be torn apart by starving dog or leave you to be blinded and tortured by a zombie knight acting out a grotesque pantomime of your own victimization . ”
 Thrillingly , woman at the top in 2019 have thrown off hidebound expectation about emulating the male model , in how they look ( see Nancy Pelosi , who ha slain a few dragon in her time , armored in a fiery orange coat to joust with President Trump ) , how they communicate ( see Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez lancing horde of Twitter troll ) and how they govern ( New Zealand ’ s Jacinda Ardern entwining empathy , a she wore a head scarf after the mass shooting at two Christchurch mosque , and muscle , a she announced plan six day after the tragedy to ban semiautomatic rifle ) .
 But in Westeros , a in Washington , woman can match men when it come to bollixing thing up . Even though the Mother of Dragons , Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea , can walk through fire and is regarded a one of the most effective leader in “ Game of Thrones , ” she ha made mistake . Forcing recalcitrant men to “ bend the knee , ” Daenerys torched a father and son — a decision that may haunt her in the new season , which start next Sunday .
 “ There ’ s definitely a few Targaryen moment that she ’ s had , for want of a better word , ” Clarke say slyly , alluding to the fact that Daenerys ’ s father , the Mad King , wa a demented and sadistic ruler .
 “ The Targaryen in her — the bad leadership decision — make her sometimes go : ‘ I ’ ve got to have this power . I don ’ t care who I ’ m controlling or what I have to do to get it , because it ’ s intoxicating . ’ ”
 Cersei is narcissistic , sociopathic and driven by her obsession . Headey told Vulture that Cersei “ doesn ’ t really see the bigger consequence . It ’ s part of what I love about her . She ’ s not too savvy about thing . ”
 Clarke , shaking her head when I ask about Theresa May , recall attending a march last month in London to get a second Brexit vote . “ It ’ s so infuriating to watch , ” the 32-year-old Brit say of the inept pol on both side of the Groundhog Day battle . “ It ’ s like , what are you , child ? ”
 She say that she watched Cate Blanchett ’ s 1998 movie , “ Elizabeth , ” over and over to see how a woman in history play a man ’ s game better than the men . Just a the Virgin Queen married herself to her country , steeling herself to be more gender neutral , more rigid in her costume , so did Daenerys .
 In lieu of child , Clarke say , Daenerys “ ha her dragon , which give her her mettle. ” She proudly show off three tiny dragon tattooed inside her right wrist .
 She say it wa only last season that she started to “ bite back ” at those who criticized the fact that she , and the other woman in the show , had more nude scene than the men .
 She say that when she get asked by feminist , “ Why did you take off your clothes for television ? ” she can ’ t help but think , what the hell ? “ I just killed all the dude ! ”
 Clarke is so exquisite and glowing , it ’ s hard to fathom the ordeal she ha endured . In a harrowing essay in The New Yorker , she revealed that during the year that she wa striking fear in the other tribe of Westeros , she wa suffused with fear over her health . She say she is 100 percent now , after two aneurysm , and she is still able to joke that her brain surgery merely robbed her of her “ good taste in men . ”
 “ And I wonder why none of my ex have texted me , ” she say , grinning . ( She ha started a foundation called SameYou , a charity for young adult recovering from brain injury and stroke . )
 Now it ’ s time for Clarke to slip into a Valentino gray tulle , featuring a line of poetry across the bodice — “ Leave your door open for me . I might sleepwalk into your arms. ” As we leave , I ask : Given that the Targaryens are a mad , cruel dynasty , what doe she make of our Trumpian “ Game of Thrones ” ?
 “ We need to read all the report , don ’ t we ? ” she say .
 How long would Trump last in Westeros , I wonder .
 “ Annoyingly , probably quite a long time , ” she reply , in a nod to his dark survival instinct . She add mischievously , “ And then I ’ d come along with my dragon . ”
 The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letter to the editor . We ’ d like to hear what you think about this or any of our article . Here are some tip . And here ’ s our email : letter @ nytimes.com .
 Maureen Dowd , winner of the 1999 Pulitzer Prize for distinguished commentary and author of three New York Times best seller , became an Op-Ed columnist in 1995 . @ MaureenDowd • Facebook
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 ( Reuters ) - Some HBO GO user were facing issue with the streaming service late on Sunday , according to outage monitoring website Downdetector.com , a the first episode of the much-anticipated final season of Game of Thrones wa scheduled to air .
 The website showed some user in the United States , Mexico and other part of Latin America were experiencing issue .
 `` If you 're having difficulty accessing # HBOGO in Latin America , please connect to live chat at http : //help.hbogola.com , '' HBO GO posted on Twitter http : //twitter.com/HBOGOhelp/status/1117585945514127360 .
 ( Reporting by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru ; Editing by Daniel Wallis )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Q . & A .
 “ Binge Mode ” ha attracted a cult following for it lively , in-depth analysis . It all started with “ Game of Thrones . ”
 By Renan Borelli
 This week , after eight month and nearly 70 episode , the podcast “ Binge Mode ” will conclude it run discussing every chapter of the seven book in J.K. Rowling ’ s Harry Potter series . The show ’ s host have amassed a cult following made up of newcomer to the franchise and superfans , appearing on Time magazine ’ s ranking of the best podcasts of the year in 2017 and 2018 alongside audio heavyweight like “ Serial ” and “ Slow Burn . ”
 The show , part of the podcast network for the sport and pop culture website The Ringer , is hosted by the site ’ s executive editor Mallory Rubin and writer Jason Concepcion . The pair originally met while working for ESPN ’ s former website Grantland , where they emerged a the staff authority on HBO ’ s “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Following the shuttering of Grantland and the launch of The Ringer , it founder and chief executive Bill Simmons suggested Rubin and Concepcion create a “ Game of Thrones ” podcast in advance of the show ’ s seventh season . They settled on a unique approach , recording an individual podcast for each of the 60 episode of the series and releasing a full season at a time , allowing for Netflix-style binge .
 After finishing their run on “ Game of Thrones ” ( and facing a two-year wait before the airing of the show ’ s next and final season ) , Rubin and Concepcion decided to turn their attention to Harry Potter .
 They have parsed the text of each Potter chapter , analyzing the story ’ s theme , rehashing memorable passage and hunting for sign of foreshadowing . Along the way , they ’ ve attracted an intensely loyal audience , with meet-ups , merchandise , fan art and over 17,000 member in a “ Binge Mode ” Facebook group .
 “ Binge Mode : Harry Potter ” will conclude with a bonus episode taking question from listener and discussing the play “ Harry Potter and the Cursed Child ” before moving on to coverage of the final season of “ Game of Thrones . ''
 I spoke to Rubin and Concepcion about “ Binge Mode , ” the show ’ s rapid growth and their plan for the future . Below is an excerpt from our conversation .
 How did you decide you wanted to continue “ Binge Mode ” beyond “ Game of Thrones , ” and how did you settle on Harry Potter ?
 JASON CONCEPCION We talked about Harry a lot in “ Game of Thrones , ” and got a lot of engagement from the people who listened to the podcast saying , “ Oh my god , if you guy did ‘ Harry , ’ that would be great. ” And it started to gestate in our mind . It just make a lot of sense to do the two titanic fantasy story of our life . Why not ?
 MALLORY RUBIN I think one of the thing that happened during the “ Game of Thrones ” run wa really saying , “ This can be about anything , but the heart of it is about fantasy story ” — the fandom that build up around that , and the community those story foster and inspire .
 How did your partnership develop ?
 CONCEPCION We ’ re both extremely analytical people . We love talking about book , talking about story , and drilling down and examining what it is that we love about the story in a real lit-crit kind of way .
 I think that ’ s one of the primary pillar of our chemistry . When I think about the way we approach the podcast , if either of u had hosted with a person who wasn ’ t quite ready to approach the material with the level of care and analysis that we each feel that it deserves , it probably would have been a real problem .
 RUBIN Scary to think about . Not sure if you can tell , but we ’ re both slightly obsessive by nature .
 How many time do you estimate you ’ ve read the full Harry Potter series at this point ?
 RUBIN Oh my god . I have no idea . Just in the time we ’ ve been working on “ Binge Mode , ” I think we ’ ve read them four time .
 We read the whole thing through before starting , because we wanted to sketch out the episode breakdown , what chapter would go where , viewing everything through the lens of theme . When we ’ re working on the episode , we read each of the chapter , the chunk of chapter we ’ re working on , and then go back and read them again to actually outline .
 I think for me , personally , my total is honestly probably in the thirty . Which is a lot !
 Were you surprised by how quickly “ Binge Mode : Harry Potter ” found a dedicated audience , even separately from “ Game of Thrones ” ?
 RUBIN Well , people have done stuff on Harry Potter for a very long time . My freshman year of college , I wa just walking around listening to The Leaky Cauldron and Mugglenet podcasts , all the time . Some of my first exposure to podcasting , wa listening to those podcasts . So people have been doing this for a while .
 We knew the appetite for coverage and thoughtful discussion about these story wa insatiable . People love them . The thing that mean the most to u , and that we hoped would matter the most to other people , is finding somebody you can talk to about a story who really feel the same way about it that you do .
 Did we know it would be like this ? No . Of course not . But we knew there wa the potential for an audience .
 What kind of Harry Potter reader are listening to the show ? Are they die-hards , casual fan , people coming to the book for the first time ? What ha been your experience engaging with the fandom ?
 RUBIN I think all of the above . One of the coolest and most fulfilling thing for u ha been hearing from people who say , “ I never read Harry Potter , and I ’ m doing it for the first time so that I can listen to ‘ Binge Mode. ’ ” And then those people come back and say , “ Boy , Harry Potter is really great . ”
 Certainly most of the people listening to it have read the book , but even within that there ’ s huge variance . There are people who are obsessive and read the book every year , every few month . It ’ s everything in between , this whole swath of different experience .
 We spent a lot of time in the planning phase about that element , of , “ How do we respect people who are coming to the story for the first time ? ” while doing the show in the way we wanted to do it . One thing that wa not in doubt for u wa that we wanted to talk about the story in it entirety from the beginning .
 CONCEPCION Spoilers early . Spoilers right away .
 RUBIN We both really admire J.K. Rowling ’ s very clear early vision , and how much of the groundwork wa laid in the very beginning . When you ’ re reading “ Stone ” and “ Chamber ” [ “ Harry Potter and the Sorcerer ’ s Stone ” and “ Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets ” ] every three page you ’ re stumbling on a bit of Horcrux foreshadowing . It ’ s unbelievable .
 J.K. Rowling is on Twitter all the time . Do you think you ’ re going to get her on the podcast ?
 CONCEPCION That would be incredible .
 RUBIN I would die .
 What would you ask her ?
 CONCEPCION Honestly , for me , it would be a lot of the structuring question . We went to see …
 RUBIN The History of Magic Exhibit at the New-York Historical Society .
 CONCEPCION One of the thing I geeked out over wa her outline map for “ Order of the Phoenix , ” which just had everything there . What is this character doing at this particular time , what is the theme , what is the sub-theme , what wa the status of the mission , what ’ s the foreshadowing ? She just had it all laid out on four sheet of paper .
 I just want to know more about that , because I find it absolutely fascinating . To have that much laid out from the jump is really an incredible way to work .
 RUBIN I think the theme , the pillar of the story are eternal . Love , choice , community , the family you choose . I think also — and this is the case for everything — the way that people perceive the story , or certain aspect of it , change over time .
 We noticed when we were at LeakyCon this year that a lot of the panel were about diversity in Harry Potter . A lot of the discussion in our Facebook Group is about how it ’ s harder for some people to accept or root for or align with Severus Snape a a character now than it wa a few year ago , because of the way that society and culture and norm and acceptance and discussion shift .
 When you ’ re creating a work of art , it life in a moment , a time , but it also life across time . The way people relate to it and respond to it will change . I ’ d be fascinated to hear what she think about that .
 What should listener look forward to from “ Binge Mode ” in 2019 ?
 CONCEPCION “ Game of Thrones ” is coming , baby .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Kaly Soto
 Welcome to the weekend . Sometimes news is more than informative , it ’ s awe-inspiring . A case in point , this week we saw the first image of a black hole . We also learned what space doe to the human body . There were other development , too . Here are some great read , in case you missed them .
 ____
 From his beginning a a teenage hacker in Australia to his arrest this week in London , the WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange ha been a deeply divisive figure .
 ____
 The rise of Candida auris embodies a serious and growing public health threat : drug-resistant germ .
 ____
 After a woman fell to her death during a raid on a Queens massage parlor , her brother conducted his own investigation . He ’ s now returning to China with her ash .
 [ Also read : “ The Case of Jane Doe Ponytail ” ]
 ____
 Astronomers at last have captured a picture of one of the most secretive entity in the cosmos .
 [ Also read : “ Scott Kelly Spent a Year Taking Photos in Space . They ’ re Beautiful . ” ]
 ____
 Over 30 year , he forged a maze of security agency and militia to bind his often ruthless rule . But he wa undone in a middle-class revolt over the economy .
 [ Also read : “ Omar Hassan al-Bashir Is Removed a Sudan ’ s President ” ]
 ____
 Answers to everything you ever wanted to know — and some thing you didn ’ t .
 ____
 About 450,000 government-subsidized household are in flood plain , a risk that is growing more urgent in the era of climate change .
 ____
 The inaugural class of third and fourth grader at the school have posted extraordinary result on it first set of test score .
 ____
 A new train from the Ethiopian capital to the Djibouti coast offer a desert journey into part of East Africa that have been off the tourist track .
 ____
 Companies and government are gaining new power to follow people across the internet and around the world , and even to peer into their genome , putting the boundary of privacy in dispute . Citizens , politician and business leader are asking if society are making the wisest trade-off .
 ____
 If you are counting down to the Season 8 premiere , this guide ha it all . Favorites to win “ Game of Thrones , ” recap from previous season , previous coverage of the show and more .
 Follow me on Twitter ( kalyTsoto ) for more great read .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Sara Aridi
 A new adaptation of a classic novel debut on HBO . And Kit Harington host “ Saturday Night Live . ”
 NATIVE SON ( 2019 ) 10 p.m. on HBO ; Stream on HBO platform . The conceptual artist Rashid Johnson make his feature-directing debut in this adaptation of the 1940 novel by Richard Wright . Ashton Sanders ( “ Moonlight ” ) star a Bigger , a rebellious bike messenger in the South Side of Chicago with big ambition . Opportunity arrives when a wealthy white businessman , Henry Dalton ( Bill Camp ) , offer him $ 1,000 a week to be his chauffeur , and suddenly Bigger is thrust into a world of money , luxury and power . His hope for a better life collapse , though , when a night alone with Henry ’ s spoiled daughter ( Margaret Qualley ) end in tragedy . James Baldwin wa famously hostile toward Wright ’ s novel ; he argued that Bigger ’ s character perpetuated the stereotype that black men are predisposed to violence . And that view didn ’ t go unnoticed . “ Baldwin ’ s criticism is unavoidable , ” Johnson said in an interview with The New York Times . He added : “ I mean , now , Wright and Baldwin are so matched together , that it would be foolish and disingenuous to tell the story without taking into account what we know . ”
 TRUE LOVE BLOOMS ( 2019 ) 8 p.m. on Hallmark . The premise of this will-they-won ’ t-they romance come from the mind of one of it star , Sara Rue ( “ Will & Grace. ” ) As a child , Rue worked in a community garden in Manhattan that wa demolished to make way for a new building . That memory stuck with her , and here she give it a twist : Rue play Vikki , an urban gardener who fight to save her plot of land from a hunky real estate developer ( Jordan Bridges ) who threatens to replace it with condo . Because this is from Hallmark , viewer might be able to guess what happens next .
 SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE 11:30 p.m. on NBC . Kit Harington host “ S.N.L. ” for the first time , ahead of the premiere of the eighth and final season of “ Game of Thrones ” on HBO , and Sara Bareilles performs song off her new album , “ Amidst the Chaos. ” “ S.N.L. ” ha had “ Thrones ” star poke fun at their own show in the past : Peter Dinklage appeared in a behind-the-scenes sketch with Kate McKinnon a Emilia Clarke leading up to Season 6 , and Nikolaj Coster-Waldau showed up in a sketch about a fake trivia show called “ Game of Game of Thrones ” in 2013 .
 SUPERSTAR ( 1999 ) Stream on Amazon ; Rent on Amazon , Google Play , iTunes , Vudu or YouTube . Molly Shannon ha had a long , prolific career — and she return to the big screen next week in the historical comedy “ Wild Nights With Emily. ” But it wa when Shannon wa a regular cast member on “ S.N.L. ” that her star began to rise . One of her most popular sketch on the show inspired this feature-length comedy about Mary , an awkward schoolgirl who ha two goal : to become a “ superstar ! ” and to kiss her crush , Sky ( Will Ferrell ) . The movie ha many flaw , but Mary ’ s tense posture , finger-sniffing and signature pose still draw laugh 20 year later .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 Prime-time viewership number compiled by Nielsen for April 8-14 . Listings include the week 's ranking and viewership .
 1 . NCAA Men 's Basketball Championship : Virginia vs. Texas Tech , CBS , 19.72 million .
 2 . `` NCIS , '' CBS , 11.82 million .
 3 . `` Game of Thrones , '' HBO , 11.76 million .
 4 . `` 60 Minutes , '' CBS , 8.72 million .
 5 . `` The Code , '' CBS , 8.14 million .
 6 . `` Blue Bloods , '' CBS , 8.09 million .
 7 . `` The Voice '' ( Monday ) , NBC , 7.62 million .
 8 . `` Survivor , '' CBS , 7.6 million .
 9 . `` NCAA Basketball Pre-Game Show , '' CBS , 7.47 million .
 10 . `` The Voice '' ( Tuesday ) , NBC , 7.32 million .
 11 . `` American Idol '' ( Sunday ) , ABC , 7.26 million .
 12 . `` The Big Bang Theory '' ( Thursday , 8 p.m. ) , CBS , 6.98 million .
 13 . `` God Friended Me , '' CBS , 6.92 million .
 14 . `` Hawaii Five-0 , '' CBS , 6.87 million .
 15 . `` Young Sheldon , '' CBS , 6.83 million .
 16 . `` Grey 's Anatomy , '' ABC , 6.82 million .
 17 . `` NCIS : Los Angeles , '' CBS , 6.79 million .
 18 . `` NCIS : New Orleans , '' CBS , 6.7 million .
 19 . `` American Idol '' ( Monday ) , ABC , 6.5 million .
 20 . `` The Big Bang Theory '' ( Thursday , 9 p.m. ) , CBS , 6.15 million .
 ___
 ABC is owned by The Walt Disney Co. ; CBS is a division of CBS Corp. ; Fox is owned by 21st Century Fox ; NBC is owned by NBC Universal .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Michael M. Grynbaum
 On Fox News , Bret Baier broke out his reading glass . On CNN , Jake Tapper read a website U.R.L . aloud . On NBC , the legal correspondent Pete Williams brandished a three-ring binder stuffed with freshly printed page , holding up a sheet covered almost entirely by black bar of redacted text .
 Journalists received their copy of the Mueller report — all 448 page — at the same time a the general public on Thursday . Except they had to explain it all on live TV , and the sooner the better .
 The result , for television viewer , wa a halting , if ultimately educational glimpse at the tedious mechanic of real-time reporting : sifting through document , puzzling over footnote .
 “ We ’ re all going to law school here today , ” the anchor Savannah Guthrie told NBC viewer .
 Catherine Herridge of Fox News , speed-reading ( and speed-analyzing ) on-camera , asked her colleague for patience . “ I ’ m going to take a break here , continue reading , and flag headline a we get them , ” she said . MSNBC kept it legal analyst , Ari Melber , sequestered at a small desk on-set , occasionally throwing to him for update .
 The occasionally explicit content on the report meant journalist had to tread carefully . Paula Reid of CBS News , reading aloud a description of President Trump ’ s dismay on learning of the appointment of the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , chose her word tactfully . She replaced a profane phrase uttered by Mr. Trump with the more broadcast-appropriate , “ I ’ m effed . ”
 It wa a big day for the collective national reality show , but the play-by-play commentator needed some time to digest . On Twitter , armchair analyst swapped screenshots of dense legalese . Vice , the millennial-focused news outlet , featured a livestream of Michael Kalenderian , a writer and producer , seated at a desk , reading the report out loud a spooky music played . In New York , the local station NY1 aimed a camera at it newsroom printer , which wa egesting the report , one sheet at a time .
 By Thursday afternoon , the day ’ s prevailing visual remained the bespectacled face of Attorney General William Barr , who presided over a morning news conference that quickly raised partisan ire . Mr. Barr ’ s depiction of Mr. Trump a a victim of sort — suggesting that the president ’ s frustration with the “ relentless speculation in the news medium ” wa a factor in whether he had intended to obstruct justice — prompted some journalist to question the attorney general ’ s word .
 It wa “ an extraordinary political commercial for the president , ” said Jeffrey Toobin on CNN , summing up his fellow panelist ’ skepticism about Mr. Barr ’ s remark . On Fox News , Chris Wallace said that Mr. Barr “ seemed almost to be acting a the counselor for the defense , a the counsel for the president , rather than the attorney general — talking about his motif , talking about his anger , his feeling that this wa unfair . ”
 Others saw le to worry about . “ Barr say there are only light redaction of the report , say Congress will get an unredacted version of the report , and say he ha no problem with Mueller testifying — and the medium concludes that he is covering for Trump , ” Rich Lowry , editor of National Review , wrote on Twitter .
 In a twist , Mr. Trump declined to weigh in personally , ignoring reporter gathered on the South Lawn of the White House a he boarded a helicopter for a holiday weekend in Florida .
 But the president did tweet an image of the word “ Game Over , ” rendered in the medieval font familiar to fan of the HBO show “ Game of Thrones . ”
 HBO , not known a a Trump-friendly network , offered a polite riposte . “ Though we can understand the enthusiasm for ‘ Game of Thrones ’ now that the final season ha arrived , we still prefer our intellectual property not be used for political purpose , ” the network said in a statement .
 It seemed fitting that Mr. Trump reached for a television metaphor to comment on a story line that ha dominated the airwave for the past two year . Even a journalist disagreed over the report ’ s finding , debating Mr. Mueller ’ s conclusion and whether Mr. Trump ’ s action amounted to anything criminal , they agreed that event on Thursday were more of a cliffhanger than a series finale .
 The Mueller Show would go on .
 “ We might have thought we were at the end of this , ” the political analyst Brit Hume said on Fox News . “ We may still be in the middle of it . ”


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By David Renard
 Headlining the Coachella festival on Friday night apparently is not enough for Donald Glover . The actor and musician , who performs a Childish Gambino , will also release “ Guava Island , ” a long-rumored movie that Glover and Rihanna filmed over four week in Cuba .
 [ Read about our first look at the project . ]
 Directed by Hiro Murai , a frequent collaborator with Glover on the series “ Atlanta ” and the Grammy-winning video for “ This Is America , ” “ Guava Island ” will debut at Coachella on Thursday in a specially constructed theater , according to a news release . It will be available to stream for free on Amazon for 18 hour , from 3 a.m. to 9 p.m. Eastern on Saturday , and will then remain available for Prime Video member .
 You ’ re all invited to our staycation with @ donaldglover and @ rihanna . The new # ChildishGambino film # GuavaIsland will be available on Prime Video starting Saturday 4/13 at 12:01am PST . pic.twitter.com/rxXecJEfzp
 It will also stream on Twitch at 8 p.m. on Saturday and will continue to be shown at Coachella throughout the festival , the release said .
 “ Guava Island ” also star Nonso Anozie ( “ Game of Thrones ” ) and Letitia Wright ( Shuri in “ Black Panther ” ) and wa written by Glover ’ s brother , Stephen . The secretive project ha been the subject of speculation since last summer , when a photo of Glover and Rihanna wa posted online . Other than another image posted by Glover and Amazon ’ s short trailer , little is known about the movie ’ s content ; a report in Vanity Fair described it a “ an hourlong , music-driven film ” inspired by the 2003 movie “ City of God , ” set in Brazil , and by Prince ’ s “ Purple Rain . ”
 “ I ’ m really humbled having the opportunity to present something this timely and timeless , ” Glover said in the release . Murai called the shoot a “ crazy fever dream of a production ” over “ four incredible week spent in Cuba , ” the release said .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Trish Bendix
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 The Mueller report ha finally arrived , and while it ’ s going to take time to comb through all 448 page of heavily redacted content , one thing that ha boggled the mind of the late-night host is it method of delivery . The official report wa shared with member of Congress this morning via CD-ROM .
 “ They got the Mueller report the same way we all got Encarta . Seriously , this is how the government handle one of the most anticipated document in recent history ? Was it a report or did they just send Congress a mixtape ? ” — SETH MEYERS , referring to the digital encyclopedia
 “ I ’ m disappointed . Everyone know obstruction sound more authentic on vinyl. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 Once he wa able to read the report , though , Colbert found enough fodder for two full monologue at the top of “ The Late Show. ” Something he found quite telling wa the idea that President Trump provided plenty of opportunity for his staff to get him in trouble , but they seemed to ignore his command .
 “ It ’ s a shock to find out both which associate declined to carry out his order , and what they declined to do . Like his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski , who did not deliver the president ’ s message to Attorney General Jeff Sessions that he should confine the Russia investigation to future election meddling only. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 Jimmy Fallon wa inspired by both the Mueller report and the new Rolling Stones record to perform a parody of “ ( I Can ’ t Get No ) Satisfaction ” that is instead “ ( Can ’ t Take No ) Redactions . ”
 Trump ’ s gloating response to the report ’ s finding wa notably present on Twitter today , where he shared a “ Game of Thrones ” -style image of himself staring into a foggy abyss reminiscent of Westeros .
 Jimmy Kimmel wondered if Trump knew it wa a “ Game of Thrones ” reference or if he instead thought the photo “ wa taken in the steam room at Mar-a-Lago . ”
 “ That picture , by the way , is Trump posing next to all the smoke that William Barr just blew up his [ expletive ] . ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 “ I only hope this is Trump 's final season . But this is great news for Trump ’ s hard-core supporter , or a they are also known , really white walkers. ” — JAMES CORDEN
 “ Say what you will about this president : He ha Americans reading again. ” — JIMMY KIMMEL
 “ There are numerous example of Trump ’ s aide ignoring his wish . The reason Donald Trump is still in the White House is because no one in the White House is listening to him. ” — JIMMY KIMMEL
 “ On the obstruction charge , according to the report , the president repeatedly tried to make effort to interfere with the Russia investigation . But the only reason Trump didn ’ t get charged with obstruction is that his aide refused to carry out his order . Trump is so ineffective he managed to make his own campaign follow the law . Forget colluding with the Russians , he couldn ’ t even collude with his own staff. ” — JAMES CORDEN
 “ Now , if you ’ ve got nothing to hide , why do you have to set up the report first ? ‘ Officer , before I open the trunk of this car , I ’ d like to first give a short speech about what you ’ re about to smell. ’ ” — STEPHEN COLBERT , on Attorney General William Barr ’ s news conference preceding the release of the report
 Colbert welcomed Neal Katyal , the former acting solicitor general , onto “ The Late Show , ” asking question about the Mueller report that only Katyal , the creator of special counsel regulation , could answer .
 In non-Mueller related clip , Mero quizzed Desus on famous white people ( Sandra Bullock ! Chris Evans ! ) and he failed spectacularly .
 The stand-up comic Ramy Youssef take on the challenge to make modern Muslim culture le misunderstood and more humorous in his new Hulu series “ Ramy , ” a critic ’ s pick for the week . As our reporter Sopan Deb writes of the show , `` Ramy ” is “ proof why better representation make for better TV . ”
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
 The 25 Best Films of the 21st Century
 The Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Sapna Maheshwari
 Super Bowl Sunday is the day when the advertising industry is not only tolerated but celebrated . And a in year past , brand paid million of dollar this year for the opportunity to make consumer laugh , cry and reach for their wallet .
 The advertiser for Super Bowl LIII seemed determined to steer clear of controversy for a second year after politically tinged spot stole the show in 2017 .
 Instead , they offered commercial that championed woman , looked to the future and also inspired nostalgia for the ’ 90 — accompanied , of course , by a parade of celebrity . Cameos included Serena Williams , Jason Bateman , Cardi B and the Backstreet Boys . There wa a surprise mash-up between Bud Light and HBO ’ s “ Game of Thrones , ” and Burger King relied on vintage footage of Andy Warhol eating a Whopper for it Super Bowl moment .
 [ Follow along with live update and analysis from Mercedes-Benz Stadium . ]
 “ It seems like there ’ s an awful lot of humor and light appeal , and that for advertiser it ’ s somewhat of a play-it-safe year , ” said Charles R. Taylor , a professor of marketing at the Villanova University School of Business . “ We ’ re not hearing about anything crossing over in politics . ”
 Wendy Clark , the chief executive of the agency DDB Worldwide , said that it wa hard for ad to break through during a quiet game , describing the array a something of a “ mishmash . ”
 “ I kind of look at some of these and think , some of them are just fine ad — I ’ m just not sure they ’ re Super Bowl ad , ” Ms. Clark said . “ People have perhaps forgotten that yes , you ’ ve got all these eye and attention , but there is still competition for people being around you and talking to you and food and drink and the game itself . ”
 The talk about trouble for the TV business ha never extended to the Super Bowl , where the average cost of a 30-second spot climbed to a cool $ 5.2 million last year , according to Kantar Media . It is roughly the same this year . That figure rose by 96 percent in the previous decade , while the average rate for other prime-time ad fell by 12 percent , according to the firm . More than 100 million people were expected to watch the CBS telecast .
 Bud Light ran two spot that got people talking , both featuring it medieval cast of character .
 One began with a joust and allowed “ Game of Thrones ” character , including a dragon , to hijack the spot , ultimately advertising both Bud Light and the final season of the much-loved HBO show , which start on April 14 . ( Ultimately , fan might be thirstier for the show than the beer . ) The spot tapped into the same show enthusiasm that Doritos harnessed last year with an ad that featured Morgan Freeman and Peter Dinklage .
 “ If you look at Bud Light , they ’ ve been in this medieval world , so it ’ s smart on their part to try to get at the love of ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ ” said Liz Taylor , chief creative officer of the agency FCB ’ s Chicago office . But it ’ s an uncommon type of collaboration , she said .
 Ms. Clark of DDB said , “ No one saw that coming a a ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ad , and I thought it wa a fantastic and very brave pair-up . ”
 The agency Droga5 , which collaborated with Bud Light ’ s agency , Wieden+Kennedy , said that more than 25 people from the show ’ s crew worked on the ad . That included David Nutter , who ha directed several of notable “ Game of Thrones ” episode . The agency sought to mimic the unexpected twist from the show by killing off the Bud Knight .
 Chris Spadaccini , HBO ’ s head of marketing , said the network wa looking for a “ partner that would be willing to make a bold sacrifice ‘ for the throne . ’ ”
 Earlier , Bud Light ran a commercial that showed it character receiving a shipment of corn syrup , supposedly meant for either Miller Lite or Coors Light . MillerCoors quickly responded , saying that none of it product contain “ any high fructose corn syrup ” and that a number of Anheuser-Busch item do . The National Corn Growers Association also expressed disappointment with the company on Twitter .
 “ It wa interesting they went for a broad brand play there and actually attacked their competitor , ” said Jon Haber , co-founder of the ad agency Giant Spoon . “ They did it in a funny and cute way. ” The aim seemed to be to “ put that little seed of doubt in there ” for consumer in store , who are deciding between the three brand , he said .
 “ Pepsi and Coke have done it to each other for year , ” Mr. Haber said of the jab . “ It ’ s a tried-and-true tradition . ”
 TurboTax ran a spot featuring a disconcerting character named “ RoboChild , ” who wa told that he could not work at the company when he grew up . Walmart showed an array of futuristic car from movie and TV show to promote online ordering and pickup . Ads for Mercedes and Pringles used voice assistant , and robot appeared in an ad for Michelob Ultra .
 “ It ’ s finally the Super Bowl where the message is more about the future than anything else , ” said Mr. Haber of Giant Spoon . “ Everyone ’ s showing their digital transformation capability . ”
 Ms. Taylor of FCB said , “ That ’ s kind of the cultural moment that people are tapping into — A.I . and robot and tech . ”
 Derek Rucker , a professor of marketing at Northwestern University ’ s Kellogg School of Management , said that a advertiser played it safe regarding political message , they seemed to be relying on technology a a way to safely incorporate modern culture into their commercial .
 “ That theme is very present — I can ’ t remember a Super Bowl that did it at this level , ” he said . “ That could go hand-in-hand — where people want to be creative but don ’ t want to be in any dangerous territory . ”
 Ms. Taylor wa left feeling slightly underwhelmed .
 “ Last year , the ad were really fun and took the pulse of the country and brand used their medium time to bring a sense of hope and inspiration , ” she said . “ That ’ s what I ’ m missing so far . ”
 Microsoft aired a tear-jerker in the second half , with a spot that showcased a group of child with physical limitation talking about how they love gaming , and are able to play video game through Xbox adaptive controller . “ No matter how your body is , or how fast you are , you can play , ” one of the boy said in an online version of the spot .
 Tech giant loomed large . That includes Amazon , which had a Super Bowl ad for the fourth time .
 Amazon showed a trailer for a new show called “ Hanna ” on it Prime streaming service and another ad for it Alexa device . The latter included celebrity like Harrison Ford , Forest Whitaker and the “ Broad City ” star Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson .
 Amazon , which ran it first Super Bowl ad in 2016 , ha become a big presence a it overall marketing spending ha increased . Last year , the company wa one of the game ’ s five biggest advertiser for the first time , according to Kantar , on a list that included Anheuser-Busch , Fiat Chrysler , Toyota and Procter & Gamble .
 Last year , Amazon raised it ad spending in the United States by about 73 percent , Kantar said , outspending company like General Motors , Verizon and L ’ Oréal .
 “ Their presence make a lot of sense to me , ” Professor Rucker said . “ Their target is probably a massive portion of everyone watching . ”
 On a somewhat related note , The Washington Post made a last-minute decision to run a spot — a first for the newspaper . The ad , which ran in the fourth quarter and wa narrated by Tom Hanks , highlighted “ reporter ’ work and the importance of press freedom , ” Fred Ryan , the newspaper ’ s publisher , said in a statement .
 It showed image of journalist from several news organization , including CNN and Fox News , and referred to the death of Jamal Khashoggi , the Saudi dissident journalist who wrote for the newspaper before he wa killed in October . It closed with the paper ’ s motto , “ Democracy Dies in Darkness. ” The Post is owned by Jeff Bezos , Amazon ’ s chief executive .
 Did you love “ I Know What You Did Last Summer ” ? How about the Backstreet Boys ? “ Sex and the City ” ?
 Who knew a night of football could bring all of that back !
 The Backstreet Boys — whose oldest member is only a few year away from 50 — joined Chance the Rapper for a Doritos commercial that remixed the group ’ s song “ I Want It That Way. ” Sarah Jessica Parker took a turn a the cocktail-loving Carrie Bradshaw in an ad for Stella Artois , which also featured Jeff Bridges a the Dude from “ The Big Lebowski. ” Sarah Michelle Gellar appeared in a spot that reprised “ I Know What You Did Last Summer ” to sell Olay skin cream . And the actress Christina Applegate , known for the sitcom “ Married With Children , ” appeared in an ad for M & Ms .
 “ There ’ s a lot of cross-generational appeal with the Backstreet Boys , ” said Jennifer Saenz , chief marketing officer of Frito-Lay North America , which is owned by PepsiCo . “ They were relevant a decade ago and still relevant today . ”
 In the Super Bowl host city , Pepsi erected billboard and put out recycling bin while “ trying to paint Atlanta blue , ” according to Greg Lyons , chief marketing officer of Pepsi ’ s North American beverage unit . The city is home to Coca-Cola , but Pepsi ’ s signage sought to remind people that it brand wa the “ official soft drink of Super Bowl LIII . ”
 Bumble , the dating app that requires woman to message potential match first , ran it first Super Bowl ad , which featured the tennis star Serena Williams urging woman to “ make the first move ” in all area of their life . Toyota ’ s commercial chronicled the unexpected path of a football player named Antoinette Harris , and compared her journey to one of it vehicle , which it said “ will shatter perception . ”
 “ The female empowerment theme this year is very real , ” Professor Taylor said . “ That doesn ’ t mean it ’ s overwhelming — there ’ s still more ad with male lead character and still more male celebrity — but I think it ’ s narrowed a little bit . ”
 “ I haven ’ t seen any ad that objectify woman , which is awesome , ” said Margaret Johnson , chief creative officer of the agency Goodby Silverstein & Partners .
 “ Over all , the gap is narrowing , ” she said . “ We ’ re moving in the right direction . ”
 Advertisers largely seemed to be avoiding anything remotely controversial — perhaps seeking to learn from year past .
 Last year , Ram truck faced criticism after it used a sermon by the Rev . Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. a the voice-over for it Super Bowl ad . The timing didn ’ t help , considering one story line last season wa about N.F.L . player who sat or knelt during the national anthem to draw attention to racial oppression and police brutality against black Americans .
 Two year ago , after the presidential election , Airbnb and 84 Lumber ran spot that were viewed a response to President Trump ’ s stance on immigration .
 This year , advertiser sought to tie themselves to social cause . Budweiser , for example , highlighted it effort in renewable energy in a spot that featured a charming dog , the beverage company ’ s Clydesdales and the Bob Dylan song “ Blowin ’ in the Wind. ” And Verizon , for a second year , put a spotlight on emergency worker .
 One brand appeared to seek attention by creating an ad it claimed wa too racy for CBS — a tried-and-true strategy for many previous advertiser . Devour , a maker of frozen meal , riffed on the concept of “ food porn ” for it spot , with a girlfriend discussing her boyfriend ’ s addiction to tantalizing footage of frozen food . Ultimately , Devour released a more saucy version of it ad online and one that wa deemed appropriate for television .
 Still , the family-approved version may lead to some question from the child in the room .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By John Koblin
 PASADENA , Calif. — From “ The Sopranos ” and “ Sex and the City ” to “ Big Little Lies ” and “ Game of Thrones , ” one thing ha been true at HBO : Original scripted programming air on Sunday night . There wa even once a marketing slogan , “ Sunday is … HBO . ”
 That ’ s about to change .
 With HBO ’ s programming slate growing and the battle between network and streaming service getting only more intense , the network will soon start shifting some original scripted series to Monday night .
 The prime-time expansion will begin with the limited series “ Chernobyl , ” scheduled to premiere in May . Other show appearing on Monday night during the rest of the year include the final season of the drama “ The Deuce , ” a limited series about Catherine the Great starring Helen Mirren and a new series adapted from Philip Pullman ’ s His Dark Materials book . There will be two hour of prime-time scripted series on HBO most Monday night .
 The reason , said Casey Bloys , the network ’ s president of programming , is simple .
 “ There ’ s obviously only so many Sundays in a year , ” he said in an interview .
 Consider this statistic : This year , HBO will have 150 hour of original scripted content , a 50-percent increase from last year . Mr. Bloys said he anticipated that number would rise again in 2020 .
 It ’ s a volume play for a network whose biggest hit ever , “ Game of Thrones , ” is three month away from going off the air . Later this year , HBO will debut a much-anticipated drama based on the comic book series “ Watchmen ” and adapted by the “ Leftovers ” co-creator Damon Lindelof . The network also ha science-fiction series in the pipeline — one from J. J. Abrams and another from the “ Avengers ” director Joss Whedon — in addition to a “ Game of Thrones ” prequel .
 All of this is set against a backdrop in which it digital rival like Netflix are spending with abandon and picking off big-name Hollywood talent like Ryan Murphy and Shonda Rhimes . Apple is spending well over $ 1 billion on it own original content , which will roll out at some point this year .
 Though the expansion to Mondays is a big change for HBO , the move is largely symbolic . Most of HBO ’ s viewership come well after an episode ’ s original air date .
 Five year ago , 35 percent of the total viewership of an episode of “ True Blood ” wa logged on Sunday night , Mr. Bloys said . In 2017 , only 10 percent of the viewership of “ Big Little Lies ” watched on Sunday night . This year , 18 percent of the viewership for “ True Detective ” ha come from Sundays , a percentage that will decrease a more people watch the show on demand or on HBO Go or HBO Now .
 HBO ha toyed with Monday night before . In 2005 , the final season of “ Six Feet Under ” wa briefly moved to Monday night before low rating prompted executive to put it back on Sundays . The first season of “ Enlightened ” ( 2011 ) , the third season of “ Bored to Death ” ( 2011 ) and the second season of “ Big Love ” ( 2007 ) also aired on Monday night . But those were exception .
 This time , HBO said , is different .
 “ It ’ s not : ‘ Let ’ s see how it doe ! ’ ” Mr. Bloys said . “ This is our new normal . ”
 He said he and Richard Plepler , the chief executive of HBO , had enacted a plan two year ago to increase the content the network made , a costly but vital move at a time of digital subscription and fierce competition from deep-pocketed streaming rival like Netflix . It wa a calculated bet : HBO had a deal in place to be bought by AT & T and hoped it corporate overlord would agree with their plan when they took over .
 “ The good news is AT & T understood and endorsed the plan to spend money , and going forward into 2021 , 2022 , we ’ re going to keep that level of programming up , ” Mr. Bloys said . He declined to say how much AT & T had invested in HBO since it became it corporate owner in June .
 Other premium cable channel with digital subscription service , like Showtime , have also emphasized the importance of having fresh original programming 52 week a year . That way , the thinking go , when a major hit finish a season , subscriber will have le reason to cancel their subscription .
 Even with additional content , HBO ’ s original programming slate pale in comparison with Netflix . Last year , Netflix earned more Emmy nomination than HBO , snapping HBO ’ s 17-year streak of garnering the most . They ultimately tied in Emmy win . But Mr. Bloys emphasized that HBO wa not going to grow at the scale of Netflix .
 “ It ’ s not just about filling hour , ” he said . “ It ’ s just about doing more HBO-level programming . ”
 HBO ha long prized it ability to nurture new talent and be generous with established star . Some of that talent , however , could perceive a move to Monday night a a signal that their show are second tier .
 Mr. Bloys said all show on the network would receive the same amount of marketing support no matter what night they aired .
 “ Every show that we ’ re putting on is of — and I ’ m putting this in quote — Sunday night-quality programming , ” he said . “ That happened to be our flagship night for flagship show . But all of these show that we ’ re programming are worthy of the HBO brand or we wouldn ’ t do it . ”


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Reuters
 JAKARTA — Indonesians began voting in the world 's biggest single-day election on Wednesday a polling station opened across the sprawling equatorial archipelago following a six-month campaign to choose a new president and parliament .
 The eight-hour vote across a country that stretch more than 5,000 km ( 3,000 mile ) from it western to eastern tip is both a Herculean logistical feat and testimony to the resilience of democracy two decade after authoritarianism wa defeated .
 President Joko Widodo , a furniture businessman who entered politics 14 year ago a a small-city mayor , is seeking re-election against former general Prabowo Subianto , whom he narrowly defeated in the last election , in 2014 .
 The economy dominated the hard-fought campaign , though the rise of political Islam loomed over the contest in the world 's most populous Muslim-majority country .
 Most opinion poll give Widodo a double-digit lead , but the opposition say the race is much closer and Prabowo told a news conference late on Tuesday that he expected to win with 63 percent of the vote .
 Voting began first in the far-flung eastern province of Papua , which is two hour ahead of Jakarta , the capital .
 Ballot paper were delivered with security escort to remote region of the country by plane , speedboat , canoe and horseback . Two speedboat have been deployed a mobile polling station for resident on the Thousand Islands chain north of Jakarta .
 A tornado in East Java late on Tuesday destroyed two village polling station and cut power to two others , forcing the authority to move voting to safer area , the domestic news agency Antara reported .
 More than 10,000 people have volunteered to crowd-source election result posted at polling station in a real-time bid to thwart attempt at fraud .
 However , the opposition ha already alleged voter list irregularity that could affect million and ha vowed legal or `` people power '' action if it concern are ignored .
 Several video appeared online last week apparently showing thousand of voting paper stuffed in bag at a warehouse in neighbouring Malaysia , with many apparently already marked .
 The country 's election supervisory board ha recommended a re-vote for Indonesians in Malaysia and in Australia , where several hundred registered voter were still standing in line after the poll closed there on Saturday . A decision will be taken by the election commission .
 `` Even though there have been obstacle and anomaly , I believe , at the end of it , we can not contain the will of the people , '' Prabowo said on the eve of the vote .
 An unexpected win for the challenger could trigger a brief sell-off in financial market that have priced in a Widodo victory , analyst say .
 `` Should Prabowo win , this would literally be the end of opinion polling in Indonesia ... and a major , major upset , '' said Marcus Mietzner , associate professor at Australian National University . `` The question is what the margin of victory will be , '' he said , predicting Widodo 's re-election .
 A win for Widodo with 52-55 percent of the vote would be the `` sweet spot '' said a senior government official close to the president , adding that this would spur him to continue and even accelerate economic reform .
 'GAME OF THRONES '
 Poll-related hashtags trended on Twitter in Indonesia during a three-day quiet period in the run-up to voting day .
 Social medium user compared the presidential race to the HBO series `` Game of Thrones '' - with one online meme showing Widodo sitting on it coveted Iron Throne .
 Widodo touted his record on deregulation and improving infrastructure , calling it a first step to tackling inequality and poverty in Southeast Asia 's biggest economy .
 A moderate Muslim from central Java , Widodo had to burnish his Islamic credential after smear campaign and hoax story accused him of being anti-Islam , a communist or too close to China , all politically damaging in Indonesia . He picked Islamic cleric Ma'ruf Amin , 76 , a his running mate .
 Prabowo , a former special force commander who ha link to some hardline Islamist group , and his running mate , business entrepreneur Sandiaga Uno , say they will boost the economy by slashing tax and focusing on infrastructure .
 QUICK COUNTS
 Nearly 350,000 police and soldier will join 1.6 million paramilitary officer stationed across the country of 17,000 island to safeguard the vote .
 More than 192 million people are eligible to cast ballot in national and regional legislative election being contested by more than 245,000 candidate .
 Polling station opened at 7 a.m. ( 2200 GMT on Tuesday ) in the east and will close at 1 p.m. ( 0600 GMT ) in the west .
 Voters will have five paper ballot for president , vice president , and national and regional legislative candidate .
 Unofficial `` quick count '' , based on sample from polling station , will be released hour after voting end . The winning presidential candidate could be known by late on Wednesday .
 Official result will be announced in May . Any dispute can be taken to the Constitutional Court where a nine-judge panel will have 14 day to rule on them .
 ( Additional reporting by Kanupriya Kapoor and Tabita Diela ; Writing by John Chalmers and Ed Davies ; Editing by Michael Perry )
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By John Koblin and Edmund Lee
 It wa supposed to be another one of those glittery New York night for Richard Plepler , with a screening of a new HBO documentary followed by a dinner party at Porter House , a spacious steak restaurant with a view of Central Park . But Mr. Plepler , the HBO chief executive , who announced his resignation on Thursday , wa not among the roughly 200 filmmaker , screenwriter , journalist and HBO employee who filed in around 9:30 .
 As the guest made their way to their table , a few cast glance at a conspicuous sign — a literal sign — of what had happened . There , at a front-and-center table set with glowing candle , bouquet of yellow rose and untouched salad , wa a name card that read RICHARD PLEPLER .
 This wa the power table . Every seat wa empty .
 Mr. Plepler , an urbane alpha-executive at ease among writer and politician , had decided that the network where he had spent 27 year — the last six a it top bos — wa no longer the place for him . He plan to stay at the company another month or so , likely through the final premiere of “ Game of Thrones , ” which is entering it last season , at Radio City Music Hall in April .
 At some point after AT & T absorbed HBO a part of it $ 85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner last year , Mr. Plepler sensed that his ability to run his own shop with his usual swaggering independence wa not going to fly under his Dallas-based boss , two people with knowledge of his thinking said .
 Last month , the telecommunication company entered into talk with Robert Greenblatt , a former chairman of NBC entertainment , for a high-level position at Warner Media , the medium division of AT & T that includes TBS , TNT , CNN and HBO . Mr. Greenblatt ha worked in premium cable before , having been in charge of entertainment at Showtime during it “ Dexter ” and “ Weeds ” period , from 2003 to 2010 .
 Lavish party and premiere — a coin of the realm in Los Angeles and New York — were a hallmark of Mr. Plepler ’ s tenure . There were the big-budget red-carpet premiere for “ Game of Thrones ” and more intimate dinner for the prestige documentary . And while the trapping were the same a usual on Thursday night at Porter House , the mood wa more like that of a wake . The Plepler regime wa done , and the AT & T team , with it ambition of bundling HBO into it main business , wa ascendant .
 At Porter House , Graydon Carter , the former editor of Vanity Fair and the sort of establishment figure who tended to stay close to Mr. Plepler ’ s side , surveyed the scene . “ If you look around this room , they worship him , ” he said of the absent executive ’ s staff .
 Like others in the intersecting medium and entertainment circle of Manhattan and Hollywood , Mr. Carter said the status quo would not hold , now that AT & T hadsignaled that , for the time being , it wa not going to operate the network in a hands-off manner .
 “ Richard will be mourned by the people here , and HBO will change , ” Mr. Carter said . “ Don ’ t underestimate the effect this will have . ”
 The filmmaker Alex Gibney — whose latest work , “ The Inventor , ” about the failure of the much-hyped medical start-up Theranos , wa the documentary being feted — described Mr. Plepler a a “ great impresario ” a he spoke of him in the past tense .
 “ It wasn ’ t just showbiz with Richard , ” Mr. Gibney said at Porter House . “ It ’ s sort of like : How do you trumpet the horn in a way that let people know that this is important , that you should watch , and attention must be paid ? That ’ s what Richard wa great at . He wa also great at nurturing talent . I mean , I loved him for that . ”
 In interview on Friday , some producer and television executive cautioned that the departure of an executive beloved by many may not have such a dramatic effect on HBO . Mr. Plepler , they noted , did not invent HBO ’ s culture or it programming philosophy . And however much he made himself the public face of HBO , the network , which win score of Emmys every year and make $ 2 billion in profit , will go forward .
 Several high-profile project that have already gotten the green light — including a “ Game of Thrones ” prequel , a science fiction series from the heavyweight producer-director J. J. Abrams and a comic-book adaptation from the TV auteur Damon Lindelof — are on their way .
 The tumult at Warner Media is a result of the widespread notion that a boutique premium cable channel may not represent the future in an industry upended by the deep-pocketed digital company Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Apple , which have forced Hollywood to sell show and film directly to consumer .
 The departure of one independent-minded executive amount to a small event in a larger drama that ha forced traditional medium and entertainment company to rethink how they do business . As part of this continuing story , Comcast and the Walt Disney Company engaged in a bidding war last year to win the bulk of Rupert Murdoch ’ s medium empire , 21st Century Fox . This duel of corporate giant wa really a battle for survival , with both company realizing the need for a streaming service and content arsenal that would allow them to fend off new rival . Disney eventually won out , at a price of $ 71.3 billion , but Comcast still ha plan for a streaming service of it own .
 When AT & T announced it acquisition of Time Warner , the telecommunication company described plan to marry it voluminous subscriber data with Time Warner ’ s million of viewer to sell targeted advertising , which fetch higher rate than ad that reach a generic assortment of consumer . The company also said it would tap it Warner Media property — HBO , Turner Broadcasting and the Warner Bros. movie studio — to generate new form of video for mobile device .
 A clue about a possible strategy became public in 2017 when Randall Stephenson , the chief executive of AT & T , said at a conference : “ It will cause Plepler at HBO to panic when I say this , but can you begin to think about thing like ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ a an example , where , in a mobile environment , a 60-minute episode may not be the best experience ? Should you think about 20-minute episode ? ”
 Three people at AT & T , who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe private discussion , said the company believed that a shift in strategy required new leadership at Warner Media ’ s network . In addition to the departure of Mr. Plepler , David Levy , the president of the Turner division , announced on Friday that he wa stepping down after 32 year at the company . AT & T ’ s acquisition of Time Warner also meant consolidating operation across various department , such a legal , accounting and human resource .
 John Stankey , who became the chief executive of Warner Media at the time of the merger , ha occasionally irked executive because of his sometimes opaque communication style , according to four people familiar with the company . When Mr. Stankey announced the leadership team for Warner Media ’ s streaming business , some of the top leader at the business unit were not aware of the appointment until the news release hit the wire , the people said .
 Mr. Stankey , who declined to comment for this article , ha changed course in recent month , sending out regular communiqués . But how budget may change is still a question for many division , the people said .
 Warner Media will most likely not get a spending boost for at least another year . AT & T ’ s top priority is tackling it debt load of $ 171 billion , much more than most public company carry . The company borrowed $ 40 billion to finance the Time Warner acquisition , and it pay out a dividend that cost $ 14 billion a year .
 Mr. Stephenson , the chief executive , ha said the company will easily pay off about $ 30 billion of the debt from it profit , along with the sale of some asset . The company ha been talking to the Walt Disney Company about selling it 10 percent stake in the streaming service Hulu , which could fetch nearly $ 1 billion . The company also owns extensive real estate that could be put up for sale .
 The acquisition of Time Warner wa a way for AT & T to set itself apart from Verizon , T-Mobile and Sprint . Those major cellular service provider have been locked in a price war for year . Most people in the United States already pay for mobile service , and the wireless carrier have had to lower price to steal customer away from one another . That ha reduced profit and encouraged them to merge with rival or venture into new territory .
 The addition of Time Warner allows AT & T to offer product like HBO and other video service , either at discounted rate or a part of a package , to keep customer from defecting .
 In June , right after AT & T closed it purchase of Warner Media , Mr. Stankey told HBO employee that the network would have to produce more show and film , and that it should keep in mind that this content should keep eye on screen for longer period of time .
 That tension — between HBO ’ s identity a a place for carefully crafted series and AT & T ’ s ambition — wa a point of discussion at the Porter House party .
 “ You understand that thing have to change , ” Mr. Gibney , the documentary filmmaker , said . “ The part that I ’ m concerned about is that the ability to be a curator of really high-quality stuff seems not to be a important . ”
 And what will become of the high-priced party ?
 Mr. Carter , the former Vanity Fair editor a well a a producer of Mr. Gibney ’ s new documentary , wa referring to Mr. Plepler when he spoke of the value of such gathering . “ Richard call them halo event , ” he said . “ They ’ re very important . If someone make a film with HBO , they know it ’ s going to get noticed , and they feel like they ’ re being acknowledged . ”
 After the guest had finished their steak and three-berry shortcake dessert , the room began to empty out . At 11:33 p.m. , a waiter in a white jacket made his final round . He barely broke stride a he swooped in and removed Mr. Plepler ’ s name card .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 LOS ANGELES — Devoted `` Game of Thrones '' fan who 've watched and re-watched all 73 episode of the HBO series , and read and reread all 4,000 page of the book by George R.R . Martin , will at long last get the ending they 've craved with the series ' eighth and final season that start Sunday .
 But will it be the `` real '' ending ?
 The plotlines of the show have long since shot past what 's in Martin 's book , whose own finale may be many year away . While the ending will likely be similar , Martin , the master of this universe , could take a very different path to get there , making the coming end of the HBO show with it showdown between the human of Westeros and the invading White Walkers possibly just a preview .
 For some it all just mean twice the fun .
 `` It doe n't bother me . I do n't think they need to be one and the same , '' said Adonis Voulgaris , a fan of both format who life in San Francisco . `` For me , it just mean more content I get to immerse myself in . ''
 The show premiered in 2011 , the same year Martin 's fifth book in his `` A Song of Fire and Ice '' series wa released . Fans have been waiting , and waiting , and waiting , for the sixth , `` The Winds of Winter , '' ever since , and many wonder whether the 70-year-old author will live long enough to finish all seven planned book in the series .
 `` George is not a fast writer , '' said book-and-show devotee Andrew Stachler , 44 , of South Pasadena , California . `` So if you were following along , I think it wa pretty evident early on that the show wa going to get ahead of the book . ''
 That did indeed happen , and by season six warrior and king-in-the-making Jon Snow had been resurrected and went back to trying to save the world , while he still lie stabbed to death in a mutiny in the book .
 Martin , an executive producer on the TV series who ha written episode but is sitting this season out while he work on the book , gave HBO showrunners David Benioff and D.B . Weiss an outline of where his long-planned plot go , including the fate of character like Snow , Daenerys Targaryen and Arya Stark .
 Armed with that roadmap , Benioff , Weiss and other writer have been telling the tale without book to back them . Fans are divided about the result , and how true they are to Martin .
 `` It doe n't seem any le planned out to me , '' Stachler said . `` It 's absolutely a continuation of his vision . I always felt like the show cleaned up the narrative in tighter , better-paced way anyway . ''
 Other reader feel the showrunners ' vision and style have taken over .
 `` I think you 've seen that in the last couple of season where you do n't have the book a guide , you just go from one big event to another to another , without that feeling of the backstory , '' said Gabriela Perez , 44 , of Mexico City . `` It 's sort of like drinking a Diet Coke , it ha all the flavor and all that , but you can tell the difference . ''
 Voulgaris , 27 , said `` last season wa absolutely on fast-forward . The rate at which people would travel from one place to another wa incredible . But that make it fun to watch , it make it accessible to any viewer . ''
 But the quibble seem to go out the window when it come to the giddy anticipation that come with the six episode , most running well over an hour , that make up the final season .
 `` Oh , I 'm still super excited , '' Perez said . `` I want to know what this version of the ending is . ''
 And wanting to be a part of a massive shared event may dwarf any thought that this is le than final . Some 12.1 million viewer tuned in to the season seven finale , with 4 million more streaming it the same night and many million more in the following day . The May 19 series finale is sure to draw a bigger audience , and a social medium maelstrom .
 `` I do think this last season is going to be the largest cultural moment we 've had in a long time for any kind of branded property , '' Stachler said . `` I do n't know what to compare it to . I do n't know when we 'll see something this big again . ''
 And with no book to spoil it , reader and non-readers alike get to be , and expect to be , surprised .
 `` Everybody ha an idea , '' Voulgaris aid . `` It literally could go in any direction . ''
 Martin 's world probably ha a future on TV . He and Jane Goldman have scripted a pilot , set in Westeros thousand of year before the timeline of `` Game of Thrones , '' that is in production for HBO . The cable channel ha other possible spinoff script in the work , too .
 Martin ha released sample chapter of `` The Winds of Winter '' to sate hungry fan , and in them character are in very different place than where the show put them , suggesting the ending might diverge too .
 And the author is subversive enough that he may change his mind about the ending once the show is done .
 `` I would n't be surprised if he went down a totally different path , just because he 's bored , '' Perez said . `` For the type of writer he is I can see him doing it , thinking , 'You know what ? that 's been done . I 'll do something else . ' ''
 ___
 Follow AP Entertainment Writer Andrew Dalton at : http : //twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Sara Aridi
 A spinoff of “ The Fosters ” debut on Freeform . And a scripted drama series begin on the History channel .
 GOOD TROUBLE 8 p.m. on Freeform . By the time “ The Fosters ” wrapped up last summer , fan were already itching to keep the drama going with this spinoff series . After graduating , sister Callie ( Maia Mitchell ) and Mariana ( Cierra Ramirez ) move into a shabby communal home in downtown Los Angeles where dinner bring the resident together and rat roam free . They take up new job — Callie work for a conservative judge ( Roger Bart ) and Mariana join a male-dominated start-up — that leave them wanting more . True to coming-of-age fare , their new reality prof that “ adulting ” come with plenty of battle . “ Good Trouble ” echo the social consciousness of “ The Fosters , ” the creator Joanna Johnson told Variety , but it is on the lighter side and draw out the story through a more complex , nonlinear narrative .
 LINDSAY LOHAN ’ S BEACH CLUB 8 p.m. on MTV . Lindsay Lohan ha been out of the limelight in recent year . This new series highlight one of the project that ha kept her busy : opening Lohan Beach House , a sprawling beach club in Mykonos , Greece . In “ Vanderpump Rules ” format , the show follows a very serious Lohan a she manages the club ’ s eight employee at the sun-drenched tourist destination .
 ELLEN ’ S GAME OF GAMES 8 p.m. on NBC . The second season of this tournament show , hosted by Ellen DeGeneres , start with two back-to-back episode . Contestants compete for a chance to win $ 100,000 in a series of game based on DeGeneres ’ s daytime talk show .
 FINDING YOUR ROOTS 8 p.m. on PBS ( check local listing ) . In this Season 5 opener , the host Henry Louis Gates Jr. help the “ Brooklyn Nine-Nine ” actor Andy Samberg and the “ Game of Thrones ” author George R. R. Martin unravel mystery about their ancestry .
 PROJECT BLUE BOOK 10 p.m. on History . This new scripted series reimagines clandestine investigation into unidentified flying object led by the United States Armed Forces from 1947 to 1969 . The case , part of a program called Project Blue Book , were led by the Ohio State astrophysicist J. Allen Hynek ( Aidan Gillen of “ Game of Thrones ” ) and a World War II pilot , Capt . Michael Quinn ( Michael Malarkey of “ The Vampire Diaries ” ) . The show begin with the “ Gorman Dogfight , ” a 27-minute air encounter between a military pilot and a white orb above Fargo , N.D .
 PAN ’ S LABYRINTH ( 2006 ) on iTunes , Amazon , Google Play , Netflix , Vudu and YouTube . This dark allegorical fairy tale by Guillermo del Toro bear much resemblance to his 2017 fantasy drama , “ The Shape of Water. ” Set after the Spanish Civil War , it center on a girl ( Ivana Baquero ) who find an escape from the tyranny of her military officer stepfather by entering a labyrinth where a faun ( Doug Jones ) reveals her destiny . What distinguishes the movie from other fairy tale , A. O. Scott wrote in The New York Times , “ is that it balance it own magical thinking with the knowledge that not everyone life happily ever after . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 LOS ANGELES — Living in Westeros can really change a person . Those who survived the first seven season of `` Game of Thrones '' have seen their parent , child and even pet stabbed , disemboweled and beheaded . They 've been burned and frozen . They 've lost essential body part . Some have been through death and back , others suffered the horror of puberty . Occasionally , they 've been allowed some triumph . Here 's a look at the twisted journey of some of the character who 've managed to make it from 2011 's season one to Sunday 's premiere of season eight of the HBO series .
 ___
 ARYA STARK
 From little princess to ruthless assassin , few have had a more transforming trip through the seven season of `` Game of Thrones '' than Arya . Played by Maisie Williams , Arya wa a girl of about 11 forced to do needlepoint and other acceptably girlish thing while dreaming of sword , war and adventure . Be careful what you wish for in Westeros . She saw her father beheaded in season one , had her brother and mother slaughtered at the Red Wedding in season three and wa kidnapped and led through endless , grueling wandering . All of it left her hardened and hungry for vengeance , with a kill list of name she recites like a prayer before bedtime . In season five she went through dignity-draining assassin training that required her to take beating , go blind for month and beg in the street for subsistence . Eventually , she began living her dream of offing her family 's enemy — baking two of them in a pie — and is getting such a taste for blood that a season eight start it 's hard to know whether she 'll ever stop .
 ___
 SANSA STARK
 While Arya embraced death and struggle , her big sister Sansa — played by Sophie Turner , who ha become a star in the `` X-Men '' film franchise — only wanted the life of tea and tiara she had a a young teen when the show began . Her initial innocence and optimism and subsequent persistence through humiliation and violation have made her the show 's great emotional survivor . She wa delighted to be betrothed to the king 's son Prince Joffrey in season one , only to learn he wa a vile monster . Her beloved pet dire wolf Lady wa executed . She wa forced into marriage with Tyrion Lannister then Ramsay Bolton , the most sadistic soul on a show full of them . Ramsay raped her on her wedding night in a season five scene that wa too much even for many devoted viewer . As season eight begin she 's finally in a position of power , in charge of her reclaimed family home of Winterfell . She ha matured darker but still with her moral sense intact , and unlike many of the show 's character , ha actually gained wisdom through her struggle .
 ___
 JON SNOW
 `` You know nothing , Jon Snow , '' wa a frequent refrain that became a social medium meme early in the series . It 's spoken by the Wildling woman Ygritte , who take Jon 's virginity and leaf him with some worldly wisdom . ( Kit Harington , who play Snow , and Rose Leslie , who play Ygritte , later married in real life . ) Jon Snow know a lot more now , and is about to learn a world-shaking truth about his origin a season eight begin . A bastard brought into the noble northern Stark family and raised by a regal woman who refused to love him , he wa sent to serve at the great wall that guard the north , along with delinquent and other throwaway child . He would quickly rise to become their commander , and reached out to rival clan to fight the plague of the White Walkers , a growing horde of icy undead . Killed in a mutiny at the end of season five , he wa later brought back to life by a priestess . The lord of the region join to declare him the King in the North , but he leaf to seek ally in the growing White Walker war . He found such a partner , and lover , and more in Daenerys Targaryen , who brings her dragon and army to the fight .
 ___
 DAENERYS TARGARYEN
 Viewers can tell how far Daenerys ha come by the sheer number of name and title she 's amassed : Daenerys Stormborn , Khaleesi , Mhysa , Mother of Dragons , The Unburnt , The Queen Across the Sea , The Princess That Was Promised , and just plain Dany to friend and fan . When the show began she wa treated a a piece of currency , a princess-in-exile married off to a barbarian by her calculating brother . Now she is either worshipped , feared or revered by nearly every soul in her world . She brought dragon back from extinction , conquered kingdom , freed thousand of slave , and is on the verge of restoring her family 's dynasty over the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros , but first must fight alongside Jon Snow , and explore their possibly shared destiny . Emilia Clarke , who play Daenerys , ha had some real-life baptisms-by-fire since the show began , suffering two aneurysm and undergoing two brain surgery .
 ____
 BRAN STARK
 Bran began the show a a boy barely big enough to use a bow and arrow and is now a seer known a the Three-eyed Crow , who contains the wisdom of millennium , and a secret about Jon Snow that will redefine his family and possibly all of Westeros . His appearance underwent a change nearly a dramatic . Actor Isaac Hempstead Wright , now 19 , wa 11 when he shot the first season , and had a pubescent growth spurt that rendered him virtually unrecognizable within a few season .
 ___
 JAIME LANNISTER
 Leave it to `` Game of Thrones , '' to take an incestuous , amoral , love-to-loathe-him villain and try to make him genuinely sympathetic . He begin a a legendary fighter known a the `` Kingslayer , '' royal guard of his twin sister Queen Cersei and the secret father of her three child . During a stint a a prisoner he ha his right hand cut off , and becomes a warrior unable to use a sword . His humanity , and even hint of kindness , have slowly emerged in the year since , and a season eight begin he ha defied his sister to join their enemy Jon Snow in the fight against the White Walkers .
 ___
 CERSEI LANNISTER
 Cersei wa queen when season one began , and is queen a season eight begin . She 's barely left the castle in King 's Landing during the show 's run , but for a naked walk of shame through the street that became one of the show 's most memorable — and most memed — moment . Most of her trial have been internal . All three of her child have died . Her famous long-blond lock are now gone in favor of a cropped cut that evokes maturity . She ha refused to change her view of the world however , staying steadfast in the ruthlessness that for most of the series ha kept the throne in her control . As season eight start she 's refused to commit her troop to the fight in the north , hoping all her potential rival will destroy themselves while she wait it out .
 ___
 TYRION LANNISTER
 Tyrion Lannister , played by Peter Dinklage , ha in many way been the face of the show since Sean Bean 's Ned Stark lost his face — along with the rest of head , in season one . At first he wa a wisecracking alcoholic who spent most of his time in brothel . Now , he 's a wisecracking alcoholic who advises Daenerys Targaryen , would-be queen of the realm . Through constant humiliation and rejection , Tyrion remained loyal to a family that despised him until he could n't bear it anymore , killing his father , fleeing into exile and finding new life with Daenerys , the biggest threat to the clan he 's renounced .
 ___
 THEON GREYJOY
 The show 's other wisecracking prostitute-frequenting rogue when the show began , he ha been brutally humiliated and humbled since . After a murderous failed attempt to conquer Winterfell , where he wa raised among the Starks , Theon is held prisoner by Ramsay Bolton , who cut off his private part , peel off his fingernail , knock out his teeth and dub him `` Reek , '' turning him into a sad shadow of a human . He 's slowly regained himself in recent season and is a survivor who ha regained his will to fight .
 ___
 SAMWELL TARLY
 Sam wa a soft , sad , overweight reject from a family of warrior in season one , and he remains all of those thing a season eight begin . Sent to the wall to be forged into a real medieval man , he instead find his calling through his pure heart and studious mind , becoming an essential adviser who helped Jon Snow 's rise and ha found ancient knowledge to fend off the White Walkers .
 ___
 Follow AP Entertainment Writer Andrew Dalton on Twitter : http : //twitter.com/andyjamesdalton .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Alisha Haridasani Gupta
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start today with breaking news out of Paris , the rise of hard-line Islam in Indonesia ’ s political sphere and all thing “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Thousands of people watched in shock from the bank of the Seine , and many more were riveted to television screen , a flame tore through the beloved medieval landmark ’ s wooden roof , and the spire collapsed . Gray smoke filled the Paris sky into the night .
 Tourists and resident alike came to a standstill , pulling out their phone to call their loved one . Older Parisians wept over the loss of a national treasure .
 For hour , hundred of French firefighter battled to contain the blaze . No one wa killed or injured , official said .
 Cause : None had been identified a of this writing , but official said the fire had begun in the attic . The cathedral is currently undergoing extensive renovation work , and several statue were lifted by crane from the spire last week .
 Go deeper : We have photo and video of the disaster , and a short history of this scarred jewel of Gothic architecture .
 Ahead of the presidential election on Wednesday , candidate are polishing their religious credential to appeal to growing conservatism .
 The incumbent is Joko Widodo . His victory in 2014 wa seen a a triumph for moderate Islam , but he ’ s veering right a he run for re-election . His opponent , Prabowo Subianto — a European-educated son of a Christian — ha also embraced the language of hard-line Islam .
 Background : Indonesia , home to the world ’ s largest Muslim population , ha long been considered a shining example of how Islam and democracy can coexist .
 But in the past few year , the country ’ s Muslim majority ha embraced stricter interpretation of the religion , including Wahhabism , which dominates in Saudi Arabia . Hundreds of Indonesians went to Syria and Iraq to join the Islamic State , and more cheer on the group on social medium .
 With the 2020 election over a year away , President Trump is turning back to a strategy that resonated with his older , white voting base — playing on fear of Muslims .
 This time , he ha a specific target : Representative Ilhan Omar , Democrat of Minnesota and one of the first Muslim woman elected to Congress .
 Last week , Mr. Trump posted a video on Twitter of a speech by Ms. Omar interspersed with video of the Sept. 11 attack . And his adviser describe her a an ideal foil who could be used to paint the entire Democratic Party a extreme .
 Anti-immigration agenda : Our reporter have the back story behind the Trump administration ’ s recent purge of high-ranking immigration official .
 The key ingredient : the fury of Stephen Miller , the 33-year-old White House senior adviser . He clashed for month with the official , pushing for policy they saw a legally questionable , impractical , unethical or unreasonable .
 Prosecutors brought criminal charge of aggravated fraud against the executive , Martin Winterkorn , for his role in the automaker ’ s yearslong effort to deceive regulator about it vehicle ’ diesel emission .
 If convicted , Mr. Winterkorn could receive up to 10 year in prison .
 Details : German prosecutor said the charge were linked to event from 2006 , when the deception wa initially conceived , to 2015 , when it first came to light . Prosecutors say that Mr. Winterkorn tried to conceal the emission fraud even after he wa told that it wa beginning to raise some question .
 Reminder : Last May , the U.S. Justice Department also charged Mr. Winterkorn with fraud , placing the scandal within the upper echelon of the company for the first time .
 Bangladesh is responsible for just 0.3 percent of global carbon emission , yet it is one of the country most vulnerable to climate change . Already , cyclone are stronger and more frequent .
 Survival take many form . In one area , people scavenge the debris left after storm surge devastated their village to sell to those rebuilding , making enough money to feed their child and send them to school .
 New Zealand : A rift emerged on Monday between the country ’ s government and the Red Cross over the humanitarian organization ’ s decision to identify a New Zealand nurse who wa kidnapped by the Islamic State five year ago — and who her employer belief could still be alive .
 Japan : The operator of the Fukushima nuclear power plant ha begun removing radioactive fuel rod at one of the reactor that melted down after an earthquake and a tsunami in 2011 , a major milestone in the long-delayed cleanup effort .
 South Korea : President Moon Jae-in said that he wanted to meet again with North Korea ’ s leader , Kim Jong-un , even after Mr. Kim dismissed Mr. Moon ’ s mediating effort between the North and the United States a “ officious . ”
 Canada : Prime Minister Justin Trudeau , whose cabinet by design ha equal number of men and woman , ha been fighting to salvage his feminist credential after the country ’ s first Indigenous female attorney general quit accusing Mr. Trudeau of inappropriately pressuring her in a criminal case .
 “ Game of Thrones ” : Here ’ s a recap of the first episode of the HBO show ’ s last ever season . Don ’ t read this if you haven ’ t watched it yet — or at least don ’ t tell u we didn ’ t warn you about the spoiler .
 Snapshot : Above , “ Game of Thrones ” tourist in Ballintoy Harbour , Northern Ireland , which ha stood in for several location in Westeros . The hit HBO series ha transformed the tourism industry in Northern Island , generating $ 65 million a year .
 What we ’ re reading : This essay in The Atlantic . Tom Jolly , who oversees production of our daily print edition , writes : “ This is a nice distillation of the joy of reading the newspaper , at your own pace , uninterrupted by text , call and general attention-deficit issue . And you can even model your robe for your neighbor ! ”
 Cook : With some advance preparation , you can cook buttermilk-marinated roast chicken . ( Our Five Weeknight Dishes newsletter ha more recommendation . )
 Listen : “ Boy With Luv , ” the new song by the K-pop star BTS , feature the American singer Halsey singing in Korean , exactly the sort of bilingual exchange that ’ s all too rare , Jon Caramanica writes .
 Watch : The new TV adaptation of “ Les Misérables ” hews much more closely to Victor Hugo ’ s often tragic novel than to the musical version .
 Go : The musical “ Beetlejuice ” is now in preview on Broadway . Here ’ s how the eye-popping set came together .
 Smarter Living : Simone Davies , an author and Montessori teacher , took our writer through a calming makeover of her child ’ s playroom . The main idea : Kids play more when there ’ s le to play with . So toy and book went into a closet , to be rotated out a few at a time . A quilt with pillow marked out a reading corner . Older child ’ s craft went into accessible bin . And the baby got a ground-level , stocked play space .
 Experts at Wirecutter have recommendation to affordably make your flight le dismal and more enjoyable .

 In smaller city and rural area of the U.S. , demographic decline is a painful reality . Hungary is stressing about it declining population . Same with Japan . Even China .
 It ’ s an economic truism : Growing population drive economy .
 But in this era of climate change , is it wiser to have fewer people to house , feed and provide power for ?
 Globally , a smaller population would “ make a difference , certainly , ” said Joseph Chamie , a former U.N. population official . “ Fewer people mean fewer item consumed , and fewer resource used , so your carbon footprint would be le . ”
 But limiting population growth , he said , can ’ t solve the environmental problem caused by mass production and consumption , especially in wealthier part of the world .
 And company whose business model rely on constant growth have little incentive to change . More customer and more consumption mean more profit .
 “ We can try to maintain the quality of the environment , ” Mr. Chamie said . “ But we have to change our mind-set regarding how the economy move . ”
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Alisha
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . James also wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Our latest episode is about Julian Assange.• Here ’ s our latest mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Newlywed ’ s new relative ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The Times won two Pulitzer Prizes for it reporting and editorial writing , and shared a third for feature writing with ProPublica .
 Alisha Haridasani Gupta writes the Morning Briefing . @ alisha__g
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 Audible.com best-sellers for week ending April 12 :
 Fiction
 1 . The Dispatcher by John Scalzi , narrated by Zachary Quinto ( Audible Studios )
 2 . The Darkwater Bride : An Audible Original Drama by Marty Ross , narrated by Clare Corbett , Donal Finn , Jamie Glover , Freya Mavor & Adrian Scarborough ( Audible Studios )
 3 . Riley Mack and the Other Known Troublemakers by Chris Grabenstein , narrated by a full cast ( Audible Studios )
 4 . True West by Sam Shepard , narrated by Kit Harington & Johnny Flynn ( Audible Studios )
 5 . Circe by Madeline Miller , narrated by Perdita Weeks ( Hachette Audio )
 6 . Where the Crawdads Sing by Delia Owens , narrated by Cassandra Campbell ( Penguin Audio )
 7 . Solitude : Dimension Space , Book One by Dean M. Cole , narrated by R.C . Bray & Julia Whelan ( CANDTOR Press )
 8 . The Silent Patient by Alex Michaelides , narrated by Jack Hawkins & Louise Brealey ( Macmillan Audio )
 9 . A Game of Thrones : A Song of Ice and Fire , Book 1 by George R. R. Martin , narrated by Roy Dotrice ( Random House Audio )
 10 . What Have You Done by Matthew Farrell , narrated by Chris Andrew Ciulla ( Brilliance Audio )
 Nonfiction
 1 . Elizabeth II : Life of a Monarch : An Audible Original by Ruth Cowen , narrated by Jennie Bond , Tim Piggott-Smith & Lindsay Duncan ( Audible Studios )
 2 . The Beautiful Brain : An Audible Original by Hana Walker-Brown , narrated by the author ( Audible Studios )
 3 . Becoming by Michelle Obama , narrated by the author ( Random House Audio )
 4 . Life Will Be the Death of Me : ... And You Too ! by Chelsea Handler , narrated by the author ( Random House Audio )
 5 . The Art of Conflict Management : Achieving Solutions for Life , Work , and Beyond by Michael Dues & The Great Courses , narrated by Michael Dues ( The Great Courses )
 6 . Girl , Stop Apologizing ( Audible Exclusive Edition ) : A Shame-Free Plan for Embracing and Achieving Your Goals by Rachel Hollis , narrated by the author ( HarperCollins Leadership )
 7 . The New York Times Digest by The New York Times , narrated by Mark Moran ( The New York Times )
 8 . The Wall Street Journal Digest by The Wall Street Journal , narrated by Keith Sellon-Wright ( The Wall Street Journal )
 9 . Saving Bravo : The Greatest Rescue Mission in Navy SEAL History by Stephan Talty , narrated by Henry Strozier ( Recorded Books )
 10 . Educated : A Memoir by Tara Westover , narrated by Julia Whelan ( Random House Audio )
 -- -- -
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jim Tankersley
 WASHINGTON — The 2019 Economic Report of the President run 705 page and feature chapter on “ expanding labor force opportunity ” and “ ensuring a balanced financial regulatory landscape. ” It also claim to be written by Batman .
 For the second straight year , the group of economist that do regression analysis and forecast annual growth rate for President Trump ha slipped a straight-out-of-Comic-Con Easter egg into it annual report .
 [ Not nerdy enough to know what an Easter egg is ? Read here . ]
 The list of Council of Economic Advisers intern on Page 624 of the report includes Steve Rogers ( a.k.a . Captain America ) , Peter Parker ( Spider-Man ) and Bruce Wayne ( Batman ) . There ’ s also Aunt May ( Peter Parker ’ s guardian ; apparently there are no anti-nepotism rule at the council ) , J. T. Hutt ( a superfan abbreviation for Jabba the Hutt , the “ Star Wars ” gangster who hang a frozen Han Solo on his wall ) , the actor John Cleese , Kathryn Janeway ( a “ Star Trek ” captain ) and someone called John Snow ( more on him later ) .
 The name stuck out because most Council of Economic Advisers intern are university student — depending on which movie or comic you prefer , Peter Parker is the only one on the list who fit that bill — and also , real human being .
 A former council economist , Martha Gimbel , who is now research director at Indeed , noticed the name and tweeted about them on Tuesday afternoon .
 Last year ’ s list wa pretty impressive , too , it turn out . The 2018 report included abbreviated reference to a pair of famed “ Star Trek ” captain , James T. Kirk and Jean-Luc Picard .
 The White House say it ’ s all in good fun . The Council of Economic Advisers ’ official Twitter account said late Tuesday that the list wa an effort to call attention to it intern “ super hero , ” who made “ significant contribution ” to the economic report .
 It ’ s worth noting that Jabba the Hutt is not , in fact , a superhero — he enslaved Princess Leia and tried to feed Han Solo and Luke Skywalker to a slow-digesting pit monster in the desert . Also , who is this “ John Snow ” they speak of ? Is he the former Treasury secretary under President George W. Bush ? An actual intern ? Or did the council , in a blow to it nerd cred , misspell the name of the “ Game of Thrones ” hero Jon Snow ?
 The New York Times asked a council spokeswoman to clarify . “ Have a sense of humor ! ” she replied .
 Funny , that ’ s what people usually say to economist .

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 daily crossword column
 Caleb Madison return with a fresh puzzle that solves like a tug of war .
 By Deb Amlen
 FRIDAY PUZZLE — ADMINISTRIVIAL ALERT ! : Sorry about the comment section , folk . The community team is aware of the issue and is working on it . Please hang in there , and thanks for your patience .
 By the time you get ready to solve a Friday crossword puzzle , you should be ready for the challenge . You might think that the key to becoming a Friday-level solver is having a large vocabulary , but it ’ s not . The most important thing about becoming the kind of person who solves the hard , late week puzzle is attitude , which should sound something like this : “ Bring it on , Friday puzzle ! I ’ m ready for you , and I welcome , nay , I look forward to doing battle with you . I ’ m not going to give up until I have conquered every single square , including the black one ! ”
 It also help to have a good stash of chocolate , or whatever you use for comfort , at hand . Because this puzzle by Caleb Madison is not easy . Conquering this puzzle will require a lively game of tug of war between you both .
 But yes , positive attitude . Mind of a warrior , and all that . Do not let it bother you that you might have to go through the clue list a few time to find something , anything , that you can fill in . That is what the chocolate is for .
 I had an embarrassingly low number of ( correct ) entry on the first and second pas . I ’ m not sure why . Mr. Madison , who used to be the constructor for the Buzzfeed crossword , ha a distinctive style of cluing and filling , but he and the editor have kept his former ( according to his note below ) “ freewheelingness ” in check here .
 The weird thing is that a soon a I got a few entry in the southwest , the entire south fell for me . But that northern part of the grid held me at bay for quite a while . It wa a thrilling challenge , I thought a I tugged at it , trying to keep my attitude a positive a possible .
 I ’ m kind of embarrassed to tell you which entry wa my way into this puzzle , but I ’ m going to anyway , just so you don ’ t think that I automatically “ know ” these thing : My first correct answer wa SETH Green at 47A from the “ Austin Powers ” movie , because I am tragically lowbrow and marinate myself in pop culture .
 There , I said it . I may not be dizzyingly intellectual , but I found a way in . You can do that , too .
 Maybe your point of entry wa the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize winner , MALALA Yousafzai , who wa in the news for a variety of reason . If you ’ ve been solving for a while or just love reading , you could drop ANAÏS Nin in at 9D . Opera lover will no doubt plunk in CARMEN without even thinking at 36A .
 It doesn ’ t matter , a long a you find that window that say , “ Come on in ! , ” a it doe in the clue at 14D . And pace yourself with the chocolate .
 But I ’ ll bet that , once you finish , you ’ ll look back on the clue and think — a I did — “ How did I not know that ? ”
 1A : I wa surprised when I saw that Mr. Madison wa debuting the phrase MWA HA HA , because I wa sure that the constructor Sam Ezersky had debuted it not long ago . After conducting top-level , professional-grade research , which should not be attempted at home , I discovered that what Mr. Ezersky had really debuted wa the completely different phrase , MWA HA HA HA , and Mr. Madison can therefore receive full credit for debuting MWA HA HA . I ’ m glad we ’ ve gotten that sorted , aren ’ t you ?
 16A : If you spend any time at a tourist resort in Jamaica , you will hear this song approximately 16 million time a day , not including the Jamaican Tourist Board commercial that played before you left home . But “ ONE LOVE/Get Ready , ” the 1977 hit by Bob Marley and the Wailers , is still most people ’ s introduction to reggae/ska music , and it ’ s beautiful :
 17A : The only proper response to a joke — other than your classic spit take — is a RIMSHOT . Of course , you would never perform one on a column a serious a this one , but if you ever feel the need to show proper appreciation for a friend ’ s joke and you do not have a set of drum handy , you can always send them an “ Instant Rimshot . ”
 22A : Alert ! Alert ! We have what look to be a new clue for DRE ! “ Mac ___ ( former Bay Area hip-hop great ) ” refers to the hip-hop performer Andre Hicks , who performed a MAC DRE and wa killed in 2004 .
 23A : Hand up if you ran through the possibility here before you got it right . Me too . I put in OSE , ANE and ENE before I got IDE .
 26A : TIL that the medical term for a NOSEBLEED is “ epistaxis . ”
 42A : A person who is “ whip-smart ” is someone who is smart or experienced with whip . Now , before you all get yourselves in a lather , the answer is LION TAMER . Let ’ s see what else the qualification are for that job :
 48A : As you can imagine , I have not read Catullus ’ s poem , “ Odi et AMO. ” I did , however , take an educated guess : Since “ odi ” mean “ I hate , ” it wa reasonable to think that the other side of this would be AMO , or “ I love . ”
 5D : At first , I had GUN , thinking that the answer to “ An end to smoking ? ” might be a word that could come after ( or at the end ) of the word “ smoking. ” As soon a I got RIMSHOT at 17A , I realized that the answer had to be ASH , which come at the end of something you smoke .
 28D : When you see a clue like “ Round part ? , ” no doubt your first thought is about shape . In this puzzle , however , we are celebrating Friday early and buying people round of BEER ( S ) at the bar .
 45D : If you do not currently follow the television show “ Game of Thrones , ” I don ’ t suggest you try to determine who is who in the series without the aid of a professional sherpa . There are more character in the show than in any other I ’ ve seen . However , the answer to “ King in ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ” is the original monarch of the Seven Kingdoms , ROBERT Baratheon .
 56D : Again , this one wa an educated guess . “ Tayside turndown ” just sound Scottish , doesn ’ t it ? It is , which make the answer NAE .
 I used to always try and cram grid with a many super-current entry to see what I could get away with . Now I find myself prioritizing different sort of entry — one that aren ’ t necessarily modern but fun , surprising and interesting in a timeless way .
 This wa the first themeless I remember constructing with that mentality , with 1- and 31-Across being my two favorite . However , I am also pleased to announce I still can not complete a puzzle without a semi-obscure hip-hop reference . I regret only 54-Down . If you liked this puzzle , I make a mini puzzle ascending in difficulty and size every weekday for the Atlantic . Check it out !
 Almost finished solving but need a bit more help ? We ’ ve got you covered .
 Warning : There be spoiler ahead , but subscriber can take a peek at the answer key .
 Trying to get back to the puzzle page ? Right here .
 Your thought ?
 Deb Amlen is the crossword columnist . She ha been writing the Wordplay column since 2011 and belief that everyone can learn to solve the Times crossword . Even the Saturdays . @ NYTimesWordplay
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Sara Aridi
 Watch Jason Statham confront a massive whale in “ The Meg. ” Or catch a Mötley Crüe biopic on Netflix .
 THE MEG ( 2018 ) 8 p.m. on HBO ; Stream on HBO platform ; Rent on Google Play , Vudu or YouTube . When the trailer for this blockbuster wa released last year , it gave the impression of an ironic B-movie in the vein of “ Sharknado. ” Loosely based on the 1997 novel “ Meg ” by Steve Alten , it follows a rescue diver ( Jason Statham ) who ’ s called on to save a crew of scientist trapped in a deep-sea submersible from a 75-foot prehistoric shark . When the film landed on the big screen , it shattered box office expectation but most critic gave it scathing review . Variety said the movie is “ ‘ Jaws ’ on dumbed-down steroids. ” The Hollywood Reporter called it “ generically derivative. ” And in her review for The New York Times , Jeannette Catsoulis wrote , “ The movie feed u bite-sized , subtitle-friendly dialogue , finger-puppet character and a string of brainless set piece masquerading a a plot. ” If there ’ s anything to hang onto , it ’ s shot of Statham ’ s impressive swimming skill , such a this scene where he channel Dory from “ Finding Nemo . ”
 WORLD FIGURE SKATING CHAMPIONSHIPS
 8 p.m. on NBC . NBC air the final program of this year ’ s competition , taking place in Saitama , Japan . The player to watch is Nathan Chen , who , at 19 , is a freshman student at Yale and the defending world champion . If he come out on top in the men ’ s field , he will become the first American man to win back-to-back world title since Scott Hamilton earned four consecutive championship from 1981 to 1984 .
 2019 NICKELODEON KIDS ’ CHOICE AWARDS
 8 p.m. on Nickelodeon . DJ Khaled host this annual award show live from Los Angeles . Among the star attending , and potentially getting drenched in slime , are Chris Pratt ( nominated for favorite “ butt-kicker ” for his role in “ Jurassic World : Fallen Kingdom ” ) and Ariana Grande ( her song “ Thank U , Next ” is also in the running for an orange blimp ) .
 FUNNY WOMEN OF A CERTAIN AGE ( 2019 )
 9 p.m. on Showtime . Five female comic over the age of 50 perform stand-up on past relationship , aging and sex in this new special . Fran Drescher ( “ The Nanny ” ) headline while Carole Montgomery host . Some of the joke , which are too raunchy to retell here , are aimed at younger woman in the crowd — not so much a advice but a warning on what to expect a the year go by . Depending on your sense of humor , they will leave you cackling or mortified . Or both .
 THE DIRT ( 2019 ) Stream on Netflix . Move over Queen , it ’ s Mötley Crüe ’ s turn . This in-your-face biopic , adapted from the heavy metal band ’ s 2001 memoir , hold very little back . Directed by Jeff Tremaine ( “ Bad Grandpa , ” “ Jackass : The Movie ” ) and starring Machine Gun Kelly , Douglas Booth , Daniel Webber and Iwan Rheon ( “ Game of Thrones ” ) , the movie cover the group ’ s internal tension but focus more on the member ’ antic : substance abuse , extreme recklessness and sexuality that would not have gone unnoticed in the # MeToo era .
 Advertisement
 work Friend
 The modern workplace is barbaric and grotesque , but at least it ’ s not normal to snack on your own facial hair .
 CreditCreditEmily Simms for The New York Times
 Supported by
 By Katy Lederer
 Send question about the office , money , career , beard oil and work-life balance to workfriend @ nytimes.com . Include your name and location , even if you want them withheld . Letters may be edited .
 Every winter , many of the men in my office grow beard . One of my direct report ha been doing so for the seven year we ’ ve been working together . This year , however , it ’ s longer than before , and he can not keep his hand off it . He is constantly stroking , twisting , scratching and arranging it . Inevitably he ’ ll break off a hair or two between his finger , rubbing it between thumb and forefinger , examining it and trying to figure out where to put it ( ew , gross ! ! ! ) .
 But the move that literally ha me gagging is when he pick up the left edge of his ’ stache and put it in his mouth . I can barely type these word . It ha gotten to the point that I can not even look at him in meeting . This is particularly awkward when we meet in my office for our regular check-in .
 I am his supervisor . I am female . He is a nice but sensitive guy who ha had some anxiety issue . I get the sense that this beard is a security blanket . What can I say to him to get him to stop before I vomit in front of him when that thing go in his mouth one . more . time ?
 — Washington , D.C .
 When did all the men start growing beard ? Was it baseball ? Was it Occupy ? I remember so many of my friend camping out in Zuccotti Park , standing on corner and handing out pamphlet . There wa no hierarchy in that place , except , of course , the beard . Short beard , long beard , little scraggly beard that had no business being on somebody ’ s face . Mustaches , if you could call them that . Soul patch , to show the 1 percent they had no soul !
 Or maybe it wa “ Game of Thrones. ” King Robert ’ s long beard and all his bastard and his belly laugh . How he loved to hunt boar in the Westeros forest ! This wa the time when the economy wa just beginning to recover , thanks to quantitative easing , and all over Brooklyn disgusting new restaurant with name like Elk & Blood and Sweetmeats Deer Hoof Sausages were opening for business .
 Oh yes , thing started getting gross . Some young men in Brooklyn took to killing their own meat , which they would stuff into the little hole that opened in their beard . Ned Stark ’ s head , covered in revolting bloody whisker , wa hoisted on a pike . The sausage really started flowing then , a every week in “ Game of Thrones ” so many men with such a wide variety of beard were disemboweled .
 Look , here ’ s my point : Through all of it — the baseball and the Occupy and the flaying of several human being on HBO — I never once saw anyone suck on his beard . What your employee is doing is beyond the pale .
 Just say very gently and kindly and without brandishing a dagger or craft beer something like : “ You know , I think you ’ re the greatest , but it make me uncomfortable when you suck on your beard. ” Treat him to a meal at your local Elk & Blood . Eat some absolutely disgusting artisanal sausage while you plot what you ’ re going to do next with your career . Seven year is far too long to have remained in the same role !
 I work in fund-raising at a hedge fund with investment spanning five continent .
 I believe that my partner ’ investment and operation have led to the overthrow of one sovereign government , involve extensive child labor and may ( sooner rather than later ) result in the decapitation of four Appalachian mountain , one of them utterly beautiful .
 And yet I love my job .
 Am I a bad person ?
 — New York City
 I don ’ t think you ’ re a bad person , even if it ’ s distinctly possible your question is a troll . ( It ’ s an odd hedge-fund marketer who make an aesthetic distinction between ill-fated mountaintops ! ) But you should seek out a position at a le shady hedge fund , with an aboveboard compliance department . I can ’ t guarantee it would prohibit you from inadvertently capitalizing the overthrow of a sovereign government , but it would bar investment in company that relied on child labor . As for the removal of mountaintops , beautiful or otherwise : Coal isn ’ t such a great investment at this point . Plus , it drive catastrophic climate change . Go find a hedge fund with a powerful compliance department and a well-funded renewable energy investment group ! Raise money for it and feel not immoral , but merely amoral .
 I ’ m a junior-level person at a marketing company . It just hired another person at my level . We ’ re around the same age and we have some friend in common , but the guy refuse to be my friend . I keep inviting him for lunch or coffee , and he always refuse . What give ? I ’ m nice ! And I think work would be so much better if I had a buddy . So how do I make this guy my friend without being weird about it ?
 — New York City
 In the “ multiverse ” version of the answer to this question , there are three possibility :
 This person is a vicious corporate climber and doesn ’ t want to become friend with anyone he know he is eventually going to stab in the back .
 This person think it generally unwise to mix business with pleasure .
 This person ha major social or emotional problem about which he is not letting on .
 Whatever the reason in the universe we live in now , lay off trying to make friend . And watch your back .
 I resigned from my group practice because of Corporate ’ s mandate to see more patient per day than humanly possible . The group ha already scraped my name off the door to the office and the lobby , and I still have two week of work left with the practice . What would be the best act of revenge ?
 — Virginia Beach
 Two word : Yelp review .
 Katy Lederer is the author of three book of poem and a memoir . Write to her at workfriend @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Dave Itzkoff
 Nearly 42 year after the release of the original “ Star Wars , ” audience got their first look on Friday at the ninth chapter in this blockbuster science-fiction saga , set long ago in a galaxy far , far away .
 “ Star Wars : The Rise of Skywalker , ” whose title and teaser trailer were released at the Star Wars Celebration convention in Chicago , close out a new trilogy of film that started in 2015 . The first in that series , “ Star Wars : Episode VII — The Force Awakens , ” directed by J.J. Abrams , reconnected viewer with venerable hero like Han Solo ( Harrison Ford ) and Leia Organa ( Carrie Fisher ) while also introducing new character like the mysterious scavenger Rey ( Daisy Ridley ) , the renegade storm trooper Finn ( John Boyega ) and the villainous Kylo Ren ( Adam Driver ) .
 A 2017 sequel , “ Star Wars : The Last Jedi , ” directed by Rian Johnson , caught u up on the fate of the hero Luke Skywalker ( Mark Hamill ) , who had been largely absent from “ The Force Awakens . ”
 The new teaser trailer for the next installment , for which Abrams returned to the helm , begin with a tantalizing glimpse of Rey , alone on a desert planet and wielding her light saber a a mysterious starcraft charge at her . ( Can we presume it is piloted by Kylo Ren , her sometime ally and more frequent foe ? ) The voice of Luke Skywalker is heard to say : “ We ’ ve passed on all we know . A thousand generation live in you now . But this is your fight . ”
 There are all-too-brief look at character new and old , including Billy Dee Williams a the interstellar cad Lando Calrissian and Carrie Fisher , who died in 2016 , a Leia , using footage shot for “ The Force Awakens. ” A piece of onscreen text vow : “ The saga come to an end . ”
 And then there is a mysterious , villainous laugh , coming from an unseen figure . ( Disney confirmed on Friday that this wa indeed the cackle of the actor Ian McDiarmid , who will reprise his “ Star Wars ” role a the nefarious Palpatine in this new movie . )
 The new film is scheduled for release on Dec. 20 .
 This is at least the third time fan have been promised closure to the long-running narrative of the Skywalker clan : Everything looked well and fine at the end of George Lucas ’ s “ Return of the Jedi ” in 1983 , which wrapped up the classic original “ Star Wars ” trilogy . Then Lucas had to go and make a second trilogy of not especially beloved prequel film , telling the story of Anakin Skywalker ’ s metamorphosis into the sinister Darth Vader , which concluded in 2005 with “ Star Wars : Episode III — Revenge of the Sith . ”
 But that bargain wa altered after Disney acquired Lucasfilm and it “ Star Wars ” franchise in 2012 , leading to the new trilogy and stand-alone movie like “ Rogue One ” and “ Solo. ” At present , people like Johnson , a well a David Benioff and D.B . Weiss ( the showrunners of “ Game of Thrones ” ) , are developing their own “ Star Wars ” movie that will chronicle new character and plot line .
 So you can expect the larger , post-Skywalker franchise to continue until the heat death of the universe . As Luke say near the end of the teaser trailer , “ No one ’ s ever really gone . ”




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 What to Cook
 By Sam Sifton
 Good morning . “ Some idiotic thing are well worth doing , ” Richard Ford wrote in “ Independence Day , ” and I hold the quotation close to my heart every time I make another batch of kombucha or feed the sourdough starter I keep in the fridge against the dream that I ’ ll make a huge batch of pizza dough soon , if not next weekend then the one after that .
 Another example : Weeknight soup , like this Susan Spungen recipe for French onion soup with porcini mushroom ( above ) . I might make that tonight after work and eat dinner a lot later than usual because it take a while . Which mean I ’ ll get to sleep late , screw up the start of the week ’ s circadian rhythm , wake up flustered , in a rush , 30 minute past the usual time . I ’ ll smile all the same , in memory of the dinner just past , how sweet-savory and rich it wa , how perfect .
 Alternatively , there ’ s this tarte flambée that Melissa Clark wrote up for her amazing deep-dive recipe collection for The Times , “ The New Essentials of French Cooking . ”
 Or you could make caramelized scallion deep into the evening , in advance of using them on a big bowl of noodle a if you lived in the house of Francis Lam .
 Later this week , you might give this no-recipe recipe for pasta amatriciana a shot . You could stop by a farmer ’ market for some early asparagus , then cook it some way that give you joy .
 I love Jacques Pepin ’ s recipe for chicken in mustard sauce — though I make it with thigh , not breast — served over egg noodle , with a lot of chopped parsley . Likewise Kim Severson ’ s Southern-accented take on shrimp scampi , which pair best with a sauvignon blanc and a big heel of bread .
 Or if you really just can ’ t be bothered , it ’ s Monday , you ’ re looking at packaged noodle and water from the tap ? Try Julia Moskin ’ s ramen carbonara . What a hack ! So great .
 Many , many thousand more recipe to cook this week are waiting to meet you on NYT Cooking . ( You need a subscription to access them , yes , just a you ’ ll need one to watch “ Game of Thrones. ” ) Go plan your Easter menu . Get ready for Passover .
 And check u out on Instagram , Twitter and Facebook , for yet more cooking idea . You can write u directly if anything go wrong with your cooking or our technology : cookingcare @ nytimes.com . We ’ ll get back to you . Or you can write me : foodeditor @ nytimes.com . I ’ ll try .
 Now , it ha absolutely nothing to do with grocery or copper pot , but you have got to read Caitlin Flanagan in The Atlantic , writing about “ the horrible , horrible private-school parent of Los Angeles . ”
 Meet Anna , 65 foot , a really big daysailer .
 Here ’ s Lois Beckett on racism and the culture of romance fiction , in The Guardian . It ’ s an amazing read .
 Finally , here ’ s a new one from Beck and Cage the Elephant , “ Night Running. ” Play loud and have a great week .
 cooking
 cooking
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Giovanni Russonello
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 Investigators for Robert Mueller , the special counsel , have said that Attorney General William Barr did not adequately portray the finding of their report into Russian interference in the 2016 election . They have said that the report is more damaging to President Trump than Barr ’ s four-page letter suggested .
 Stephen Colbert made fun of Barr ’ s brief recap , which said Mueller had concluded that Trump had not conspired with Russia .
 “ Now , Billy Barr said that Mueller cleared the Trump campaign of any coordination with Russia , and Barr himself concluded that the president did not obstruct justice . He did this by taking the almost 400-page Mueller report and summarizing it in just three and a half page . That ’ s like tuning in to see the new season of ‘ Game of Thrones ’ and it ’ s just Barr holding a sign that say , ‘ Dragons did some stuff . The end. ’ ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 Then Colbert moved on to discussing Trump ’ s fondness for Herman Cain , the former pizza executive and onetime presidential candidate , whom Trump said he want to nominate for the Federal Reserve Board .
 “ Most of Herman Cain ’ s business experience come from running a pizza chain . Evidently Trump think ‘ Fed ’ is short for ‘ fettuccine. ’ ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 “ A meat plant in New Hampshire is recalling more than 2,600 pound of sausage product because they ’ re afraid the meat could contain metal . Even worse , it may contain whatever it is that ’ s normally in a sausage. ” — JAMES CORDEN
 “ A man from Lithuania is facing legal problem after it wa discovered that he convinced Google and Facebook to pay fake invoice to fake company . In total he got them to pay — get this — $ 122 million . Yes . Also , now Facebook and Google suddenly have a problem with fake news. ” — JAMES CORDEN
 “ A Dominican singer attempted to break a Guinness world record recently by performing for over 100 consecutive hour . ‘ Big deal , try performing for 14 year , ’ said Melania. ” — SETH MEYERS , referring to first lady Melania Trump
 Aunt Chippy and Guillermo got pranked into riding a 12-story zip line .
 With a feud brewing between Tucker Carlson of Fox News and Chris Hayes of MSNBC , Desus Nice and the Kid Mero were quick to side with Hayes , a fellow Bronx native .
 Nipsey Hussle , the Los Angeles rapper who wa killed last week , wa part of a cohort of young artist who are choosing to stay invested in their local community , even a they chase national stardom .
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
 The 25 Best Films of the 21st Century
 The Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now
 An earlier version of this article misattributed a quote about a man from Lithuania . It wa by James Corden , not Seth Meyers .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Good Friday morning . Here are some of the story making news in Washington and politics today .
 _____________________
 • The much anticipated report by the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , revealed the scope of the Russian campaign to sabotage the 2016 election and detailed a frantic , monthslong effort by President Trump to thwart a federal investigation that imperiled his presidency . The Mueller team decided not to charge the president with obstructing justice , citing numerous legal constraint , but pointedly declined to exonerate him .
 • Looking for the report ’ s highlight ? Here are seven key thing to know , and here are excerpt from the most significant passage , with analysis from our reporter .
 • How much wa redacted ? What happens next ? Times reporter answered reader ’ question .
 • For nearly two year , Mr. Trump ’ s lawyer have argued that it wa impossible for him to illegally obstruct the Russia investigation because he ha full authority over federal law enforcement . Mr. Mueller rejected that idea , and noted that Mr. Trump would lose immunity from prosecution when he left office .
 • Here are four dramatic passage from the report and seven instance of potential obstruction of justice .
 • The White House that emerges from Mr. Mueller ’ s report is a hotbed of conflict infused by a culture of dishonesty , defined by a president who lie to the public and his own staff , then try to get his aide to lie for him .
 • In one of the report ’ s more compelling revelation , investigator described how Mr. Trump ordered Michael T. Flynn , who would later serve briefly a his national security adviser , to find thousand of email missing from Hillary Clinton ’ s computer server .
 • The report document in great detail how a huge cast of Russian emissary , some of whom were in direct contact with President Vladimir V. Putin , tried to forge inroad and influence the Trump team .
 • Before releasing the report , Attorney General William P. Barr presented the finding in the best possible light for the president . Mr. Trump , it seemed , had finally found the loyal attorney general he had longed for .
 • Mr. Trump responded to the release of the report in his customary fashion : a tweet . “ Game Over , ” the post said , with a photo styled like “ Game of Thrones ” showing a picture of the president from behind . “ No Collusion . No Obstruction . For the hater and the radical left Democrats . ”
 • House Democrats edged closer to confronting a question they have tried to avoid : whether the president ’ s behavior warrant impeachment .
 • Several Democratic presidential candidate assailed Mr. Barr for how he handled the report ’ s release , arguing that it wa a partisan attempt to protect Mr. Trump .
 • On the street of heavily Democratic Washington , D.C. , there seemed to be exhaustion-induced acceptance that Mr. Mueller had not delivered the knockout condemnation of Mr. Trump that many had hoped for .
 • How did the release of a dense , 448-page report play out on cable news ? It wa a halting , if ultimately educational , glimpse at the tedious mechanic of real-time reporting : sifting through document , puzzling over footnote and more .
 _____________________
 Today ’ s On Politics briefing wa compiled by Isabella Grullón Paz in New York .
 Were you forwarded this newsletter ? Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox .
 Is there anything you think we ’ re missing ? Anything you want to see more of ? We ’ d love to hear from you . Email u at onpolitics @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 “ Veep ” return for a final season on HBO . And “ 10 Things I Hate About You ” turn 20 year old .
 VEEP 10:30 p.m. on HBO . The “ Run , Selina , Run ” sign are out for Selina Meyer , the onetime president played by Julia Louis-Dreyfus in HBO ’ s farcical political comedy series , which return Sunday for a seventh and final season . Meyer is back on the campaign trail , but she doesn ’ t go around kissing baby ( though she doe make one cry ) . Instead , she ponders way to spin fictional mass shooting into political asset and throw her cellphone on the ground in disgust after her staffer fly her to the wrong Iowa town . “ America owes me an eight-year stay in the White House , ” she say later . “ And this time , I want a war . ”
 MRS. WILSON 9 p.m. on PBS ( check local listing ) . Ruth Wilson , a star of “ The Affair ” and “ Luther , ” play a fictionalized version of her own grandmother in this mini-series . It ’ s a mysterious story of secret and clandestine operation that begin in 1963 , when Alison Wilson ( Ruth Wilson ) meet her deceased husband ’ s wife . Yes , you read that right : Iain Glen ( “ Game of Thrones ” ) play that husband , a writer and former MI6 agent who dy in the first minute of the story , leaving behind a tangle of secret , including a hidden double life . Unraveling the mystery becomes Alison ’ s occupation , and the focus of the mini-series . PBS is showing it in two part , the first on Sunday and the second on April 7 .
 BARRY 10 p.m. on HBO . “ The end of the first season of ‘ Barry ’ wa so good , ” James Poniewozik wrote in The New York Times last year , “ That it made me never want to watch the show again. ” Barry , Bill Hader ’ s hit man with heart , is back , despite that deft ending . In the first season , Barry eventually traded killing for newfound love . The second season continues the story — so it seems his redemption wa short lived .
 BLACK MONDAY 10 p.m. on Showtime . The crash will finally come in the Season 1 finale of this drug-fueled parody of 1980s Wall Street , which star Don Cheadle , Regina Hall , Andrew Rannells and Paul Scheer a member of a scrappy brokerage firm . Since it began in January , the series ha counted down the day of the year leading to the infamous 1987 crash known a Black Monday . Sunday night ’ s episode , “ 0 , ” see the countdown clock to financial doomsday finally run out .
 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU ( 1999 ) Rent on Amazon , Google Play , iTunes , Vudu and YouTube . This time capsule of late ’ 90 teenage angst turn 20 year old on Sunday . Heath Ledger , Julia Stiles , Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Larisa Oleynik star a student at a Seattle-area high school . The plot , based on Shakespeare ’ s “ The Taming of the Shrew , ” involves a marching band , a prom and the pursuit of forbidden love . “ It ’ s projecting a fantasy of a high school experience , ” Oleynik told The Times recently . “ But it ’ s also grounded in what most 17-year-olds are still feeling , what I ’ m still feeling a a 37-year-old . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 April 14 : Country singer Loretta Lynn is 87 . Actress Julie Christie is 79 . Guitarist Ritchie Blackmore is 74 . Actor John Shea ( `` Gossip Girl , '' `` Lois and Clark '' ) is 70 . Actor Peter Capaldi ( `` Dr. Who , '' `` The Musketeers '' ) is 61 . Actor-turned-racecar driver Brian Forster ( `` The Partridge Family '' ) is 59 . Actor Brad Garrett ( `` Everybody Loves Raymond '' ) is 59 . Actor Robert Carlyle ( `` Once Upon A Time '' ) is 58 . Singer-guitarist John Bell of Widespread Panic is 57 . Actress Catherine Dent ( `` The Shield '' ) is 54 . Drummer Barrett Martin ( Screaming Trees ) is 52 . Actor Anthony Michael Hall is 51 . Actor Adrien Brody is 46 . Singer David Miller of Il Divo is 46 . Rapper Da Brat is 45 . Actor Antwon Tanner ( `` One Tree Hill '' ) is 44 . Actress Sarah Michelle Gellar is 42 . Actor Rob McElhenney ( `` It 's Always Sunny in Philadelphia '' ) is 42 . Singer Win Butler of Arcade Fire is 39 . Actor Claire Coffee ( `` Grimm '' ) is 39 . Actor Nick Krause ( `` The Descendants '' ) is 27 . Actor Graham Phillips ( `` The Good Wife '' ) is 26 . Actress Skyler Samuels ( `` Scream Queens '' ) is 25 . Actress Abigail Breslin ( `` Little Miss Sunshine '' ) is 23 .
 April 15 : Actress Claudia Cardinale ( `` Son of the Pink Panther '' ) is 81 . Singer-guitarist Dave Edmunds is 76 . Actor Michael Tucci ( `` Diagnosis Murder '' ) is 73 . Actress Lois Chiles ( `` Austin Powers '' ) is 72 . Actress Amy Wright is 69 . Actress Emma Thompson is 60 . Singer Samantha Fox is 53 . Guitarist Ed O'Brien of Radiohead is 51 . Actor Danny Pino ( `` Cold Case '' ) is 45 . Country singer Chris Stapleton is 41 . Actor Luke Evans ( `` The Hobbit '' ) is 40 . Drummer Patrick Carney of The Black Keys is 39 . Bassist Zach Carothers of Portugal . The Man is 38 . Actor Seth Rogen is 37 . Actress Alice Braga ( `` I Am Legend '' ) is 36 . Singer-songwriter Margo Price is 36 . Drummer De'Mar Hamilton of Plain White T 's is 35 . Actress Samira Wiley ( `` Orange Is The New Black '' ) is 32 . Actress Leonie Elliott ( `` Call the Midwife '' ) is 31 . Actress Emma Watson ( `` Harry Potter '' movie ) is 29 . Actress Maisie Williams ( `` Game of Thrones '' ) is 22 .
 April 16 : Actor Peter Mark Richman ( `` Dynasty '' ) is 92 . Singer Bobby Vinton is 84 . Midnight Oil singer-turned-politician Peter Garrett is 66 . Actress Ellen Barkin is 65 . Actor Michael Gill ( `` House of Cards '' ) is 59 . Singer-bassist Jason Scheff ( Chicago ) is 57 . Singer Jimmy Osmond is 56 . Singer David Pirner of Soul Asylum is 55 . Actor-comedian Martin Lawrence is 54 . Actor Jon Cryer is 54 . Actor Peter Billingsley ( `` A Christmas Story '' ) is 48 . Actor Lukas Haas is 43 . Broadway actress Kelli O'Hara is 43 . Actress Sadie Sink ( `` Stranger Things '' ) is 17 .
 April 17 : Actor David Bradley ( `` Game of Thrones '' ) is 77 . Musician Jan Hammer is 71 . Actress Olivia Hussey is 68 . Actor Clarke Peters ( `` Treme '' ) is 67 . Rapper Afrika Bambaataa is 62 . Actor Sean Bean ( `` Lord of the Rings '' ) is 60 . Actor Joel Murray ( `` Dharma and Greg , '' `` The Artist '' ) is 57 . Singer Maynard James Keenan of Tool and of Puscifer is 55 . Actress Lela Rochon is 55 . Actor William Mapother ( `` Lost '' ) is 54 . Actress Leslie Bega ( `` The Sopranos '' ) is 52 . Actor Henry Ian Cusick ( `` Scandal , '' `` Lost '' ) is 52 . Actress Kimberly Elise is 52 . Singer Liz Phair is 52 . Rapper-actor Redman is 49 . Actress Jennifer Garner is 47 . Singer Victoria Beckham of the Spice Girls is 45 . Actress Lindsay Korman ( `` Passions '' ) is 41 . Actor Tate Ellington ( `` Quantico '' ) is 40 . Actor Charlie Hofheimer ( `` 24 : Legacy '' ) is 38 . Actress Rooney Mara ( `` The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo '' ) is 34 . Actress Dee Dee Davis ( `` The Bernie Mac Show '' ) is 23 .
 April 18 : Actor Robert Hooks is 82 . Actress Hayley Mills is 73 . Actor James Woods is 72 . Actress Cindy Pickett ( `` Ferris Bueller 's Day Off '' ) is 72 . Keyboardist Walt Richmond of The Tractors is 72 . Bassist Jim Scholten of Sawyer Brown is 67 . Actor Rick Moranis is 66 . Actor Eric Roberts is 63 . Actress Melody Thomas Scott ( `` Young and the Restless '' ) is 63 . Actor John James ( `` Dynasty , '' `` The Colbys '' ) is 63 . Bassist Les Pattinson of Echo and the Bunnymen is 61 . Actress Jane Leeves ( `` Hot In Cleveland , '' `` Fraiser '' ) is 58 . Ventriloquist Jeff Dunham is 57 . Talk show host Conan O'Brien is 56 . Actor Eric McCormack ( `` Will and Grace '' ) is 56 . Actress Maria Bello is 52 . Actress Mary Birdsong ( `` Reno 911 ! '' ) is 51 . Actor David Hewlett ( `` Stargate : SG-1 '' ) is 51 . Actress Fedro Starr ( `` Moesha '' ) is 48 . Actor David Tennant ( `` Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire '' ) is 48 . Guitarist Mark Tremonti of Creed and of Alter Bridge is 45 . Singer Trina of Trina and Tamara is 45 . Actress Melissa Joan Hart ( `` Sabrina the Teenage Witch '' ) is 43 . Actor Bryce Johnson ( `` Pretty Little Liars '' ) is 42 . TV personality Kourtney Kardashian is 40 . Actress America Ferrera ( `` Ugly Betty '' ) is 35 . Actor Tom Hughes ( `` Victoria '' ) is 34 . Actress Ellen Woglom ( `` Marvel 's Inhumans '' ) is 32 . Actress Vanessa Kirby ( `` The Crown '' ) is 31 . Actress Alia Shawkat ( `` Arrested Development '' ) is 30 . Actress Britt Robertson ( `` Under the Dome '' ) is 29 . Actress Chloe Bennet ( `` Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. , '' `` Nashville '' ) is 27 . Singer Nathan Sykes of The Wanted is 26 . Actor Moises Arias ( `` Hannah Montana '' ) is 25 .
 April 19 : Actress Elinor Donahue ( `` Father Knows Best '' ) is 82 . Keyboardist Alan Price of The Animals is 77 . Actor Tim Curry is 73 . Singer Mark `` Flo '' Volman of The Turtles is 72 . Actor Tony Plana ( `` Ugly Betty '' ) is 67 . Death Row Records co-founder Suge Knight is 54 . Country singer Bekka Bramlett of Bekka and Billy is 51 . Actress Kim Hawthorne ( `` Greenleaf '' ) is 51 . Actress Ashley Judd is 51 . Singer Luis Miguel is 49 . Actress Jennifer Esposito ( `` Blue Bloods '' ) is 47 . Actress Jennifer Taylor ( `` Two and a Half Men '' ) is 47 . Singer Madeleine Peyroux is 45 . Actor James Franco is 41 . Actress Kate Hudson is 40 . Actor Hayden Christensen ( `` Star Wars Episodes II and III '' ) is 38 . Actress Catalina Sandino Moreno ( `` Che , '' `` Maria Full of Grace '' ) is 38 . Actress Ali Wong ( `` American Housewife '' ) is 37 . Actress Victoria Yeates ( `` Call the Midwife '' ) is 36 . Drummer Steve Johnson of Alabama Shakes is 34 .
 April 20 : Actor George Takei ( `` Star Trek '' ) is 82 . Singer Johnny Tillotson is 81 . Actor Ryan O'Neal is 78 . Keyboardist Craig Frost of Grand Funk Railroad is 71 . Actor Gregory Itzin ( `` 24 '' ) is 71 . Actress Veronica Cartwright ( `` Aliens '' ) is 70 . Actress Jessica Lange is 70 . Actor Clint Howard is 60 . Actor Crispin Glover is 55 . Actor Andy Serkis ( `` Lord of the Rings '' ) is 55 . Country singer Wade Hayes is 50 . Actor Shemar Moore ( `` Criminal Minds '' ) is 49 . Actress Carmen Electra is 47 . Actor Joey Lawrence ( `` Blossom , '' `` Brotherly Love '' ) is 43 . Multi-instrumentalist Clay Cook of the Zac Brown Band is 41 .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 The 2011 thriller “ Hanna ” is reimagined a an Amazon web series . And Woody Harrelson and Kevin Costner star in “ The Highwaymen ” on Netflix .
 HANNA Stream on Amazon . How would a person act if he or she had been raised outside of society ? The question ha been considered in work like the Austrian playwright Peter Handke ’ s drama “ Kaspar , ” about a 19th-century German who claimed to have grown up without any human contact , and “ Captain Fantastic , ” the 2016 feature that cast Viggo Mortensen a a father who lived with his child in the wood . But “ Hanna , ” a 2011 thriller , asked it with a fresh angle : what if someone were raised outside of society — to be a meticulous killer ? The movie cast Saoirse Ronan in the role of Hanna , a teenager whose father trained her in the wilderness to be an assassin . This new adaptation , created and written by David Farr ( a writer of the original movie ) , put a new spin on the tale , with Hanna ( now played by Esme Creed-Miles ) hunting and being hunted by a C.I.A . agent ( Mireille Enos ) .
 HURLEY ( 2019 ) Rent on Amazon , Fandango Now , Google Play , iTunes and Vudu . Near the beginning of this documentary , the driver Hurley Haywood is asked what make him a legend of Daytona . He offer a basic response : “ I guess the fact that I won it five times. ” Haywood is a soft-spoken racer who rose to fame in the 1970s , after he won the two best-known 24-hour race , Daytona and Le Mans , in the same year . But the documentary focus on another fact about him : Throughout his career , he had hid his sexuality . Through interview and archival footage , the film reframes Haywood ’ s life a the story of a closeted gay man in the hyper-macho world of late-20th-century auto racing .
 THE HIGHWAYMEN ( 2019 ) Stream on Netflix . The buddy cop have streak of gray hair in this based-on-true-events crime drama , which star Woody Harrelson and Kevin Costner a two older Texas Rangers in the 1930s . They ’ re given the job of tracking down Bonnie and Clyde , the infamous criminal who were turned into romantic outsider — a reputation cemented by the landmark 1967 film named for them . This drama instead romanticizes the authority . “ ‘ Bonnie and Clyde ’ magnified the mystique of ’ 30 bank robber by refracting it through the lens of counterculture revolt , ” A. O. Scott wrote in his review of “ The Highwaymen ” for The New York Times . “ This movie opposes that one with every fiber of it ornery being , including by it insistence on procedural tedium over cinematic excitement . ”
 SNOW WHITE AND THE HUNTSMAN ( 2012 ) 10:30 p.m. on TNT . “ There is nothing cute about this movie , ” A. O. Scott wrote in his review in The Times of this reimagining of the Brothers Grimm fairy tale . That ’ s a compliment . Kristen Stewart play a warrior Snow White and Charlize Theron is the angry queen , ratcheting down the cuteness associated with the Disney version and ramping up the darkness . It ’ s more “ Game of Thrones ” than “ Heigh-ho . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 Watching is The New York Times ’ s TV and film recommendation website . Sign up for our twice-weekly newsletter here .
 April is the cruelest month , save for when it come to streaming selection . ( And a an April bonus , we have an extra recommendation for you : Jordan Peele ’ s reboot of “ The Twilight Zone ” on CBS All Access . The first two episode will be available April 1 . ) Below are the most interesting of what we ’ ve found among the new TV series and movie coming to the major streaming service this month , plus a roundup of all the best new title in all genre . ( Streaming service occasionally change schedule without giving notice . )
 ‘ Chilling Adventures of Sabrina ’ Part 2 Starts streaming : April 5
 When we last left Sabrina , she signed her name in the Book of the Beast . Now what ? As we enter Season 2 — or Part 2 , a Netflix like to call it ; or Phase 2 , a the Dark Lord himself might dub his diabolic plan for our favorite teenage witch — Sabrina is starting to raise a little hell . Her devotion to the Dark Lord and her aptitude for magic itself are both put to the test when she confronts the inherent misogyny of the witch world . ( Why is everything tipped in favor of the warlock ? ) There are some clever horror in-joke this season , and some spot-on guest star familiar to the genre ( Veronica Cartwright , Ray Wise ) . So tune in for more ominous intrigue , sexy interlude with the studly Nick Scratch and some facetime with Satan himself . Let the half-breed ascend !
 ‘ Our Planet ’ Season 1 Starts streaming : April 5
 There is something beautifully soothing — and tragic , too — about the remarkable imagery on display in this globe-spanning wildlife series , which capture rare animal in their remote habitat . Thousands of pink flamingo , for example , take over a newly formed lake in an African salt pan after a torrential rain , a place where they can breed safely , away from predator . It ’ s a delight to see the flamingo chick learning to walk out of there — until the focus shift to the one that can ’ t keep up because the salt ha solidified around it tiny limb like crusty leg warmer . The narrator David Attenborough ’ s voice is warmly reassuring , even when telling u that wildlife population are in decline . “ For the first time in human history , ” he say , “ the stability of nature can no longer be taken for granted. ” Here ’ s a chance to see it while you can .
 ‘ Someone Great ’ Starts streaming : April 19
 This sweet , funny movie raise an unavoidable question for the writer-director Jennifer Kaytin Robinson : Why would present-day New York music journalist Jenny ( Gina Rodriguez ) want to move to San Francisco to work for Rolling Stone , when Rolling Stone hasn ’ t been headquartered in San Francisco for more than 40 year ? If you can set that aside , the rest of Jenny ’ s story might draw you in . The move to the West Coast brings a breakup with her boyfriend Nate ( Lakeith Stanfield ) , and a heartbroken Jenny and her two BFFs ( DeWanda Wise , Brittany Snow ) decide to commiserate by spending the day ( and night ) playing hooky , getting high , and generally not acting their age . This is a celebration of female friendship and a bittersweet contemplation of receding youth , a Jenny is compelled to say goodbye to New York , goodbye to her twenty and of course , goodbye to Nate , with his limpid , soulful eye .
 ‘ Chambers ’ Starts streaming : April 26
 Two grieving parent ( Uma Thurman , Tony Goldwyn ) track down the teenage girl who wa the recipient of their deceased daughter ’ s heart and begin generously giving her more thing — fine clothes , a car , a full scholarship to a pricey private school . But the girl , Sasha ( actress Sivan Alyra Rose ) , is a little weirded out by the parent ’ unsolicited beneficence . And a she becomes further enmeshed in the life her young donor left behind , strange thing begin happening . She becomes ambidextrous . She hears The Stone Roses playing when the radio ’ s not on . She ha sudden violent impulse . Set against a Southwestern landscape , this horror series is disturbing , addictive and moody .
 Also arriving : “ All the President ’ s Men ” ( April 1 ) , “ Bonnie and Clyde ” ( April 1 ) , “ Deliverance ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Fifth Element ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Golden Compass ” ( April 1 ) , “ I Am Legend ” ( April 1 ) , “ Pineapple Express ” ( April 1 ) , “ P.S . I Love You ” ( April 1 ) , “ Snatch ” ( April 1 ) , “ Kevin Hart : Irresponsible ” ( April 2 ) , “ New Girl ” Season 7 ( April 10 ) , “ You vs. Wild ” ( April 10 ) , “ The Perfect Date ” ( April 12 ) , “ The Silence ” ( April 12 ) , “ I Think You Should Leave with Tim Robinson ” Season 1 ( April 23 ) , “ The Hateful Eight ” ( April 25 ) , “ American Honey ” ( April 27 ) , “ The Imitation Game ” ( April 29 ) and “ Anthony Jeselnik : Fire in the Maternity Ward ” ( April 30 ) .
 ‘ The Tick ’ Season 2 Starts streaming : April 5
 Last season ’ s nemesis , The Terror , ha been rooted out and our unlikely blue do-gooder The Tick is back for another round of hyper-stylized superhero satire . This time he ’ s tackling government lie , human trafficking and other thing of a murder-y nature . The Tick is so busy that his sidekick , Arthur , however , is having serious trouble keeping up . Arthur ha poor danger reflex , secret identity issue and a new nemesis called Lobstercules . There are also other hero on hand ( for team-ups ) and several new villain . Haven ’ t seen Season 1 , you say ? No problem — this second outing is super easy to follow .
 Also arriving : “ The Addams Family ” ( April 1 ) , “ Beetlejuice ” ( April 1 ) , “ Bill & Ted ’ s Excellent Adventure ” ( April 1 ) , “ Blade ” ( April 1 ) , “ Chinatown ” ( April 1 ) , “ Days of Thunder ” ( April 1 ) , “ Everything Must Go ” ( April 1 ) , “ In a World … ” ( April 1 ) , “ Interview with the Vampire ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Minus Man ” ( April 1 ) , “ Murder She Wrote ” Seasons 1-5 ( April 1 ) , “ The Perfect Storm ” ( April 1 ) , “ Primal Fear ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Shawshank Redemption ” ( April 1 ) , “ Six Degrees of Separation ” ( April 1 ) , “ Stories We Tell ” ( April 1 ) , “ Top Gun ” ( April 1 ) , “ Up in the Air ” ( April 1 ) , “ A Quiet Place ” ( April 2 ) , “ Bosch ” Season 5 ( April 19 ) , “ Humans ” Season 3 ( April 25 ) , “ The Hole in the Ground ” ( April 27 ) and “ Waiting for ‘ Superman ’ ” ( April 29 ) .
 ‘ Wyatt Cenac ’ s Problem Areas ’ Season 2 Premiere Starts streaming : April 5
 The new season of Wyatt Cenac ’ s docu-series focus on the American education system and why it seems so broken . ( And with the recent admission scandal , he drolly note , even bribing your child ’ s way into an education appears to be broken , too . ) Cenac talk to student , educator , historian and others about issue like school unionization , the undervaluing of teacher and the school-to-prison pipeline . The series isn ’ t all hard slogging , though ; Cenac also explores thing like goat yoga class , which can only be called amusing .
 ‘ Native Son ’ Starts streaming : April 6
 Richard Wright ’ s celebrated 1940 novel receives it third screen adaptation by the artist and first-time director Rashid Johnson . Wright ’ s story ha been updated ( by the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Suzan-Lori Parks ) , but his protagonist Bigger Thomas ( Ashton Sanders , so good in “ Moonlight ” ) , is still a young black man trapped in a world rigged against him . Bigger reject the gangster lifestyle offered by a friend and think he ’ s found a way out of poverty in the South Side of Chicago when he get a job a a driver for a wealthy businessman , Henry Dalton ( Bill Camp ) . But his dream of self-improvement are doomed by his interaction with Dalton ’ s “ woke ” daughter Mary ( Margaret Qualley ) , who is enamored by what she think Bigger represents . The movie isn ’ t a masterpiece , but it ha much to admire : striking visual composition , Sanders ’ s nuanced performance and a tense atmosphere which suggests much more than is said here .
 ‘ Game of Thrones ’ Season 8 Premiere Starts streaming : April 14
 Some say Westeros will end in fire , some say in ice . One thing is for sure : “ Game of Thrones ” is ending this year . Yes , very , very sadly , our time with the secret prince , the dragon queen , the fiery witch , the tree-wizard and countless other character is coming to a close ( like the life of so many other character we ’ ve long missed ) . Will the living triumph over the army of the dead ? Or will the Night King kill them all , and leave the world an icy hell ? Oh , we ( sob ) can ’ t go on …
 [ Rewatch “ Game of Thrones ” with u . Sign up to get our guide to the first seven season straight to your inbox . ]
 ‘ Gentleman Jack ’ Season 1 Premiere Starts streaming : April 22
 It ’ s 1832 in Halifax , West Yorkshire , England , and Anne Lister is determined to do whatever she very well plea with her life . Driving a stagecoach , for example , or mercy-killing a horse — or dressing in masculine clothing and sleeping with woman . Possibly even marrying one ! Lister , a real-life historical figure , is widely considered to be the first modern lesbian , and this Anglo-American series , created by Sally Wainwright ( “ Happy Valley ” ) is mile away from the standard stuffy period drama , focusing , a it doe , on the way that it protagonist disrupted the convention of her time . As played by Suranne Jones , Lister is charming and brilliant , dazzling others even when she ’ s not in the room , much to the consternation of her overlooked sister ( Gemma Whelan ) . Scandalously good fun , this show .
 Also arriving : “ A Time to Kill ” ( April 1 ) , “ A Walk in the Clouds ” ( April 1 ) , “ Annie Hall ” ( April 1 ) , “ Hannah and Her Sisters ” ( April 1 ) , “ I Am Sam ” ( April 1 ) , “ Manhattan ” ( April 1 ) , “ Mean Girls ” ( April 1 ) , “ Repo Men ” ( April 1 ) , “ Splice ” ( April 1 ) , “ Suffragette ” ( April 1 ) , “ Veronica Mars ” ( April 1 ) , “ Waking Ned Devine ” ( April 1 ) , “ Crazy Rich Asians ” ( April 13 ) , “ BlacKkKlansman ” ( April 20 ) , “ 2019 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony ” ( April 27 ) and “ On Tour with Asperger ’ s Are Us ” Premiere ( April 30 ) .
 ‘ Ramy ’ Season 1 Starts streaming : April 19
 Ramy Hassan is going to die alone . Well , that ’ s what everybody keep telling him . Ramy ’ s mother want him to try picking up woman at their local mosque in New Jersey , while one of his friend informs him that he ’ s running out of option ( “ There are only two hot Muslim girl left in town ” ) . So naturally , Ramy is dating a Jewish woman . Ramy Youssef , the show ’ s star and creator , loosely based this half-hour comedy series on his own experience a a first-generation Egyptian-American , and the humor come from a very specific place . Balancing a spiritual life with a love life is both a serious issue and , a it turn out , a very funny one .
 Also arriving : “ The Addams Family ” ( April 1 ) , “ Akeelah and the Bee ” ( April 1 ) , “ Barton Fink ” ( April 1 ) , “ Blow ” ( April 1 ) , “ Cold Mountain ” ( April 1 ) , “ Days of Thunder ” ( April 1 ) , “ Eastern Promises ” ( April 1 ) , “ Everything Must Go ” ( April 1 ) , “ Happy Feet ” ( April 1 ) , “ In a World … ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Jerk ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Minus Man ” ( April 1 ) , “ Practical Magic ” ( April 1 ) , “ Primal Fear ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Seven Year Itch ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Shining ” ( April 1 ) , “ Six Degrees of Separation ” ( April 1 ) , “ Stories We Tell ” ( April 1 ) , “ Sunshine Cleaning ” ( April 1 ) , “ The Time Traveler ’ s Wife ” ( April 1 ) , “ Up in the Air ” ( April 1 ) , “ A Quiet Place ” ( April 2 ) , “ Destroyer ” ( April 9 ) , “ Enchanted April ” ( April 15 ) and “ Waiting for ‘ Superman ’ ” ( April 29 ) .
 An earlier version of this article misstated the given name of Lakeith Stanfield ’ s character in “ Someone Great. ” The character is Nate , not Nick .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Hear track by Mavis Staples , Sheryl Crow and Johnny Cash , Wynton Marsalis and others .
 By Jon Pareles , Jon Caramanica , Caryn Ganz and Giovanni Russonello
 Every Friday , pop critic for The New York Times weigh in on the week ’ s most notable new song and video . Just want the music ? Listen to the Playlist on Spotify here ( or find our profile : nytimes ) . Like what you hear ? Let u know at theplaylist @ nytimes.com and sign up for our Louder newsletter , a once-a-week blast of our pop music coverage .
 Madonna ha been almost everything — that ’ s the party line of her nearly four-decade-long career . But on her 14th album due in June , “ Madame X , ” she promise to become an actual shape-shifter , a secret agent “ fighting for freedom ” and “ bringing light into dark place ” in the guise of a professor , a housekeeper , a nun , a cabaret singer and a prostitute , among others . If her overstuffed 2015 album “ Rebel Heart ” wa a touch reflective , reckoning with element from her past a a not-always-embraced cultural rabble-rouser , “ Madame X ” so far promise to be a bit of a romp . She ha said the inspiration come from her adopted home , Lisbon , and her longtime fascination with Latin music , which ha been a part of her aesthetic since she touched down in New York at age 19 . Its first single , “ Medellín , ” is a spotlight for the Colombian star Maluma , who met Madonna backstage at the MTV Video Music Awards last year and cheerfully glide through the track . Though this is likely the song on which she morphs into a cha cha instructor , Madonna is playing a fantasist . The producer Mirwais , who wa one of Madonna ’ s core creative partner from her 2000 album “ Music ” through “ Confessions on a Dance Floor ” in 2005 , return to help provide a dreamy backdrop for her carefully sung ( and digitally tweaked ) voyage to an alternate past : a life , and love , in Medellín . The track soar when it hit it arms-outstretched chorus and dip when it reach it most cringe-worthy lyric , but while it misstep aren ’ t barbed enough to deflate a reverie , it feel more like a stride in the right direction than an emphatic stomp forward . CARYN GANZ
 For the last couple of month , Daddy Yankee ’ s “ Con Calma ” ha been nigh unavoidable , a gratuitously catchy Spanish-language update of a gratuitously catchy song ( Snow ’ s “ Informer ” ) . In the contemporary pop climate , that can only mean one thing : an English-language version on the horizon . That it ended up involving Katy Perry is the biggest surprise . That her opening verse is a cross-cultural flirtation is le so : “ A little mezcal got me feeling spicy/I know that we don ’ t speak the same language/But I ’ m gon na let my body talk for me. ” And that her version of the chorus declares , “ I got the poom-poom , boy/You could be my Puerto Rican dream , I ’ ll be your California girl ” — well , that ’ s not awkward at all . By contrast , Alicia Keys isn ’ t even the slightest bit uncomfortable on her appearance on a new version of “ Calma , ” a lustrous rhythmic ballad that ’ s been a major hit for Pedro Capó & Farruko . Like the song itself , she ’ s relaxed , beatific , and subtle . CARAMANICA
 Mavis Staples turn 80 on July 10 and remains absolutely indomitable . “ Anytime ” is from “ We Get By , ” an album due May 10 with song written and produced by Ben Harper . “ You can ’ t shake me/It ain ’ t no use in trying , ” she sings over little more than a basic beat and a lean guitar lick , and the husky confidence of her voice brook no argument . PARELES
 Kelsey Lu is a songwriter , singer and ( yes ) cellist whose new debut album , “ Blood , ” incorporates R & B , art song , Minimalism and some distant fringe of pop . With cleareyed vocal , drone harmony and string-section glissando , “ Foreign Car ” carry an old pop metaphor — “ wan na drive you ” — into realm of weightlessness , experimentation and incantation . PARELES
 It ’ s the last season and last chance to cash in on “ Game of Thrones ” -themed spinoffs , like this song from the album “ For the Throne : Music Inspired by the HBO Series ‘ Game of Thrones. ’ ” The Weeknd , SZA and Travis Scott sling direct plot allusion — “ A knife in my heart couldn ’ t slow me down ” — over a clacking beat and a rubbery distorted bass line , heading toward a chorus full of minor-chorded , movie-theme pomp . It ’ s a fully contrived commercial product , but all three vocalist sound properly haunted and determined . PARELES
 Bear with me here : the millennial-era version of a “ We Are the World ” -style multi-superstar song-for-a-cause feature Justin Bieber playing a baboon , Lil Jon a a clam , Zac Brown a a foulmouthed cow and Charlie Puth a a sensual giraffe . “ Earth ” — orchestrated by and featuring a glib verse from the comedy rapper Lil Dicky — is audaciously absurd , and surprisingly fun . And strange — very , very strange . Lil Yachty play HPV , and somewhere in here is the disembodied line , “ We forgive you , Germany. ” If you make it to the end , there ’ s a back and forth about global warming between Lil Dicky and Ariana Grande , who sings “ I love the Earth ” and caution that the planet is in dire trouble , “ unless we get our [ expletive ] together now. ” CARAMANICA
 The snippet that launched a thousand meme ha become a full-fledged song , thankfully without losing any of it intuitively tuneful no-fi oddity . The degree of vocal filtering and manipulation here is staggering , resulting in something like a fifth-generation mimeograph of a Flo Rida number . CARAMANICA
 No recording of Buddy Bolden — the turn-of-the-20th-century trumpeter widely credited with helping to invent jazz — have ever been found . So to score “ Bolden , ” a new film about his life , Wynton Marsalis and his crew of Jazz at Lincoln Center-affiliated musician had to come up with something entirely on their own , working back from what early jazz sounded like in the 1910s . This track come from a raucous dance hall scene , with a young Bolden and his band kicking up dust before a rapturous crowd , four horn improvising in a gallivanting tangle over a funky rhythm , always landing on the downbeat with a vigorous thump . GIOVANNI RUSSONELLO
 Sheryl Crow ha remade , a a posthumous duet , a song she recorded on her 1996 album “ Sheryl Crow ” that wa also chosen by Johnny Cash for his 2010 album , “ American VI : Ain ’ t No Grave. ” It ’ s a view of dire news event and heartless realpolitik — still sounding current decade later — transmuted into prayer . Now it ’ s even darker . Stark piano chord and elegiac string have replaced guitar picking , Crow ’ s new vocal set aside folky grain for aching purity , and in the final moment she and Cash trade the word “ freedom ” a if it will never truly arrive . PARELES
 It could have been profoundly simple : “ Slide ” is a fleet , direct-concept , low-complexity , high-energy collaboration between French Montana , playing the genre elder here , and two up-and-comers : the melodic crooner Lil Tjay and the appealingly eccentric Blueface . It ’ s effective , largely because little get in the way , not even French Montana ’ s craven pilfering of early G-funk ( a lyric cribbed from Dr. Dre ’ s “ Dre Day , ” a beat switch to Snoop Doggy Dogg ’ s “ Serial Killa ” ) . And yet , there ’ s mayhem happening here — the three artist sound like they ’ re performing three different song . ( Lil Tjay ’ s is the most effective . ) And the video is excessively disorienting , a pure distraction exercise featuring Day of the Dead iconography , color-coordinated suit and marketing for the viral mini-video app TikTok . CARAMANICA
 Sarah Mary Chadwick , a New Zealand-born songwriter living in Australia , moved from fronting a grunge band , Batrider , to a solo career full of somber , moody , keyboard-centered song . She recorded “ The Queen Who Stole the Sky , ” her new album , singing and playing live on the 147-year-old pipe organ at Melbourne Town Hall . Sustained chord , by turn implacable and triumphant , bring a magisterial gravity to her cryptic but emotive lyric : “ I moved but slowly through the gloom , ” she intones , “ and I pushed it into light to see what it look like. ” PARELES
 Jon Pareles ha been The Times 's chief pop music critic since 1988 . A musician , he ha played in rock band , jazz group and classical ensemble . He majored in music at Yale University . @ JonPareles
 Jon Caramanica is a pop music critic for The Times and the host of the Popcast . He also writes the men 's Critical Shopper column for Styles . He previously worked for Vibe magazine , and ha written for the Village Voice , Spin , XXL and more . @ joncaramanica
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 Maybe the studio just needed a dragon this whole time .
 After several lackluster week at the box office , many have wondered when thing would pick up this year . A step in the right direction came this weekend : Audiences turned “ How to Train Your Dragon : The Hidden World ” into a bona fide hit .
 The third installation of Universal ’ s animated dragon series sold $ 55.5 million in ticket , exceeding most analyst ’ expectation and giving the franchise the best opening weekend of any of it three movie .
 That figure is especially impressive given that the latest ( and supposedly final ) “ Dragon ” installment had a slightly lower budget than either of the previous movie — about $ 129 million , against $ 165 million for the original ( 2010 ) and $ 145 for the second ( 2014 ) , according to Box Office Mojo .
 Also notable : The two best opening weekend this year have both been for the final installment of trilogy . Until this weekend , M. Night Shyamalan ’ s “ Glass ” held the top spot . That superhero thriller opened last month to about $ 41 million in it first weekend .
 The latest “ Dragon ” likely benefited from a lack of competition — it wa the only newcomer in the box office ’ s top five this week — and strong review ( it currently hold a 91 % “ fresh ” rating on Rotten Tomatoes ) . Big-name voice probably helped , too : The series feature Cate Blanchett and Gerard Butler a the parent of it protagonist , Hiccup ( Jay Baruchel ) . Jonah Hill , Kristen Wiig and the “ Game of Thrones ” star Kit Harington lent their pipe to lesser role ( though Ben Kenigsberg , in his review for The New York Times , wrote that you suspect some of the actor “ stopped by the recording studio only briefly ” ) .
 [ Read our critic ’ s review of “ How to Train Your Dragon : The Hidden World . ” ]
 There ’ s a gulf in sale between “ Dragon ” and this weekend ’ s second-place movie : Fox ’ s “ Alita : Battle Angel ” brought in just $ 12 million this weekend according to Comscore , which compiles box office data . That ’ s not a great second-week showing for a film that cost roughly $ 170 million to make . Since opening , the Robert Rodriguez-directed movie ha grossed an estimated $ 60.7 million domestically .
 Landing in fourth place , after “ The Lego Movie 2 : The Second Part ” grabbed third , wa Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer ’ s “ Fighting With My Family , ” the comedic drama based on the life of the professional wrestler Saraya-Jade Bevis ( known a Paige and played here by Florence Pugh ) . It opened in Los Angeles and New York earlier this month , but it got it first taste of nationwide ticket sale this weekend , bringing in about $ 8 million .
 That ’ s respectable for a movie that had it premiere at the Sundance Film Festival just last month and , according to The Hollywood Reporter , wa produced for only about $ 11 million . The fact that Dwayne Johnson wa a producer probably didn ’ t hurt .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 Ben Affleck and Oscar Isaac lead the cast of a new heist movie on Netflix . And Helen Mirren play a famous , troubled widow in “ Winchester . ”
 TRIPLE FRONTIER ( 2019 ) Stream on Netflix . Action come with a side of self-righteousness in this heist movie , directed by J. C. Chandor ( “ All Is Lost , ” “ A Most Violent Year ” ) . It pit a gang of burly American veteran ( played by Ben Affleck , Oscar Isaac and a few others ) against a drug lord ( Rey Gallegos ) and his crony . The vet are after a stash of drug money . The movie — like a militarized “ Ocean ’ s Eleven ” — follows them a they plan and execute an infiltration of the narcotic guy ’ forest lair . That it doesn ’ t go exactly a planned is about a unsurprising a the fact that most of the macho fighter have facial hair . In her review for The New York Times , Manohla Dargis called the film a “ slickly enjoyable , bankrupt take on a fail-safe formula . ”
 WINCHESTER ( 2018 ) 6:15 p.m. on Showtime 2 . Whether the creaky , century-old Northern California mansion that Sarah Winchester , the heiress to the Winchester Repeating Arms fortune , had built is actually haunted by the spirit of those killed by Winchester rifle ha been a matter of debate for generation . But the twisting hall of that weird old home have for year been roamed by at least one collection of restless soul : tourist who want to be spooked . The real Winchester Mystery House in San Jose , Calif. , wa used a a filming location for this fact-bending thriller , based on Winchester ’ s later year . Helen Mirren play Winchester a a widow whose decades-long home-building project reflects her troubled mental state . Jason Clarke portrays a psychologist hired to help her . Those familiar with the story might appreciate seeing a local legend come to life . Viewers simply looking for a good scary movie , however , may leave unsatiated . In her review for The Times , Jeannette Catsoulis wrote that “ despite the typically elevating presence of Helen Mirren , this super-silly feature ( the fifth from the Australian brother Peter and Michael Spierig ) stubbornly resists being classed up . ”
 LOVE & BASKETBALL ( 2000 ) 5:35 p.m. on BET . A far le gloomy California tale is the focus of this romance movie , which wa the directorial debut of Gina Prince-Bythewood . It chart a relationship between two basketball player whose preadolescent Los Angeles friendship eventually blossom — along with the potential of their basketball career — into more .
 EPIC YELLOWSTONE 8 p.m. on Smithsonian Channel . Bill Pullman host this nature series about the beautiful and treacherous home that Yellowstone National Park make for the many specie there . “ Fire and Ice , ” the episode showing on Wednesday , focus on winter . The episode ’ s title should not be confused with George R. R. Martin ’ s fantasy book series “ A Song of Ice and Fire , ” the source material for “ Game of Thrones ” — though the calculated way one bobcat hunt it prey here could give Martin ’ s character a run for their money .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Joe Coscarelli
 “ Guava Island , ” a new 55-minute film starring Donald Glover and Rihanna , wa released a a limited-time free stream on Amazon overnight Saturday , during Glover ’ s headlining set a Childish Gambino at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival .
 The mysterious project , which ha been teased for month , feature Glover a Deni , a singer hoping to bring the mystical island of Guava together with a music festival , while Rihanna play his girlfriend , Kofi , and provides voice-over during a fairy-tale-like animated introduction about the fictional location and it valuable blue silk . Nonso Anozie ( “ Game of Thrones ” ) and Letitia Wright ( “ Black Panther ” ) also appear .
 With a plot involving exploited worker , the struggle of musician and a society divided between red and blue , the film incorporates theme present in much of Glover ’ s recent work , from the hit FX series `` Atlanta '' to his viral , Grammy-winning song and video for “ This Is America , ” which is interpolated in “ Guava Island . ”
 [ Read the NYT review of “ Guava Island . ” ]
 The film wa written by Glover ’ s brother Stephen and directed by his longtime collaborator Hiro Murai , who wa also behind the camera for much of “ Atlanta ” and “ This Is America. ” Following it premiere on the ground of Coachella on Thursday , and the Childish Gambino show on Friday night , “ Guava Island ” wa made available for anyone to watch on Amazon for 18 hour starting Saturday at 12:01 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time ; it will then be available exclusively to Amazon Prime subscriber .
 Shot in Cuba and inspired by the Brazilian crime epic “ City of God ” and Prince ’ s “ Purple Rain , ” “ Guava Island ” doe not ultimately feature much new music from Childish Gambino — or any singing from Rihanna . The movie open with a breezy unreleased number from Glover ( “ If the world ends/I think I wan na die with you ” ) and ha element of another song with the lyric , “ Maybe the sky will fall down on tomorrow/but one thing ’ s for certain baby/we ’ re running out of time . ”
 It also incorporates alternate version of recent Childish Gambino single like “ Summertime Magic ” and “ Feels Like Summer , ” along with “ Saturday , ” which Glover debuted on “ Saturday Night Live ” last year ( “ God , this 9 to 5 just keep on killing me , ” he sings ) . In one scene set in a factory , another character tell Deni that he hope to save enough money to make it to America . “ It ’ s different there , ” the man say . “ I heard people are their own boss . ”
 Deni responds : “ This is America . Guava ’ s no different than any other country , ” adding , “ America is a concept . Anywhere where in order to make yourself rich , you have to make someone else richer is America. ” He then lead a choreographed dance to the song that mirror some of the music video .
 At Coachella on Friday night , Glover — who ha thrown his own festival , Pharos — did not make a show of plugging “ Guava Island , ” though he did incorporate tropical imagery and sound into his set . For one unreleased song , he cleared a section in the crowd to scream over a cacophonous burst of complex drum rhythm , bathed in almost-apocalyptic red light . He also performed the still-unreleased track “ Human Sacrifice , ” which debuted in a Google ad during the Grammy Awards in February .
 Glover wa overcome by emotion onstage while discussing the death of his father and the rapper Mac Miller and Nipsey Hussle . “ What I ’ m starting to realize is all we really have is memory at the end of the day , ” he told the crowd . “ All we are really is like , data — you pas it on to your kid , you pas it on to your friend , your family . ”
 “ While we ’ re here , ” Glover added , “ feel something and pas it on . ”



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 Desus Nice and the Kid Mero make their Showtime debut . And Spike Lee ’ s “ School Daze ” is on BET .
 DESUS & MERO 11 p.m. on Showtime . How do you take a scrappy late-night series hosted by a couple of Bronx pop culture aficionado and size it up for premium cable ? The answer , according to Desus Nice and the Kid Mero ( the stage name of Daniel Baker and Joel Martinez ) , is gently . “ You don ’ t mess up the recipe if it ’ s working , ” Desus recently told The New York Times . The pair amassed a following through a free-flowing talk show on Viceland ; before it ended last summer , it distinguished itself from other late-night show through a lack of structure , with episode that tended to feel like extended hangout with Desus and Mero ; there were no traditional opening monologue . The new show endeavor to take that same structure ( or lack thereof ) and use premium cable resource to bring in guest like Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez , the pair ’ s first big interview on the new show ( and a fellow Bronx native ) .
 SCHOOL DAZE ( 1988 ) 5:40 p.m. on BET . A question that will hang heavily over the Academy Awards on Sunday is whether Spike Lee will win a directing Oscar after being nominated , for the first time , for “ BlacKkKLansman , ” his 21st nondocumentary feature . His second , the musical-comedy “ School Daze , ” came out between his classic “ She ’ s Got ta Have It ” and “ Do the Right Thing. ” It paint a scathing portrait of a fictitious all-black college whose population is divided between member of fraternity and sorority and everybody else . Laurence Fishburne play a student political organizer ; the ensemble also includes Lee and his frequent collaborator Giancarlo Esposito .
 THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY Stream on Netflix . A comic book series created by the former “ My Chemical Romance ” singer Gerard Way provides the basis for this superhero chronicle , the latest of Netflix ’ s foray into the genre . Ellen Page and the “ Game of Thrones ” actor Tom Hopper lead the ensemble , playing estranged superhero sibling who are reunited — and are subsequently attacked by a group of assassin — after their adoptive father figure dy . Cue the start of a world-saving mission . ( Mary J. Blige play one of the baddie . ) In a somewhat unenthusiastic review for The Times , Mike Hale called the series a “ polished but increasingly dull version of the same old story : saving the world a a byproduct of overcoming adolescent resentment and family dysfunction . ”
 I , TONYA ( 2017 ) Stream on Hulu ; rent on Amazon , Google Play , Vudu and YouTube . In the wide and storied world of sport transgression , few scandal have captured America ’ s attention like the one in 1994 involving Nancy Kerrigan that ended the rising career of Tonya Harding . Craig Gillespie ’ s comedic drama revisits Harding ’ s rise and fall , with Margot Robbie in the lead role and Allison Janney a Harding ’ s mother — a role for which she won an Oscar .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 April 21 : Actress Elaine May is 87 . Actor Charles Grodin is 84 . Singer Iggy Pop is 72 . Actress Patti LuPone is 70 . Actor Tony Danza is 68 . Actress Andie MacDowell is 61 . Singer Robert Smith of The Cure is 60 . Guitarist Michael Timmins of Cowboy Junkies is 60 . Actor-director John Cameron Mitchell ( `` Hedwig and the Angry Inch '' ) is 56 . Rapper Michael Franti of Spearhead is 53 . Actress Leslie Silva ( `` In the Dark , '' `` Providence '' ) is 51 . Singer Glen Hansard is 49 . Comedian Nicole Sullivan ( `` King of Queens '' ) is 49 . Guitarist David Brenner of Theory of a Deadman is 41 . Actor James McAvoy ( `` The Last King of Scotland , '' `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' ) is 40 . Actor Terrence J ( `` Think Like A Man '' ) is 37 . Actor Frank Dillane ( `` Fear the Walking Dead '' ) is 28 . Singer Sydney Sierota of Echosmith is 22 .
 April 22 : Actress Estelle Harris ( `` Seinfeld '' ) is 91 . Actor Jack Nicholson is 82 . Singer Mel Carter is 80 . Country singer Cleve Francis is 74 . Director John Waters is 73 . Singer Peter Frampton is 69 . Singer Paul Carrack ( Squeeze , Mike and the Mechanics ) is 68 . Actor Joseph Bottoms is 65 . Actor Ryan Stiles ( `` The Drew Carey Show '' ) is 60 . Comedian Byron Allen ( `` Real People '' ) is 58 . Actor Chris Makepeace is 55 . Guitarist Fletcher Dragge of Pennywise is 53 . Actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan ( `` The Good Wife , '' `` Grey 's Anatomy '' ) is 53 . Actress Sheryl Lee ( `` Twin Peaks '' ) is 52 . TV personality Sherri Shepherd ( `` The View '' ) is 52 . Country singer Heath Wright of Ricochet is 52 . Country singer Kellie Coffey is 48 . Actor Eric Mabius ( `` Ugly Betty '' ) is 48 . Bassist Shavo Odadjian of System of a Down is 45 . Singer-guitarist Daniel Johns of Silverchair is 40 . Actress Amber Heard is 33 . Drummer Tripp Howell of LANCO is 30 . Rapper Machine Gun Kelly is 29 .
 April 23 : Actor David Birney is 80 . Actor Lee Majors ( `` Six Million Dollar Man '' ) is 80 . Actress Blair Brown is 72 . Actress Joyce DeWitt ( `` Three 's Company '' ) is 70 . Actor James Russo is 66 . Director Michael Moore is 65 . Actress Judy Davis is 64 . Actress Valerie Bertinelli is 59 . Actor Craig Sheffer ( `` One Tree Hill , '' `` Into the West '' ) is 59 . Comedian George Lopez is 58 . Actress Melina Kanakaredes ( `` Providence '' ) is 52 . Drummer Stan Frazier of Sugar Ray is 51 . Guitarist Tim Womack of Sons of the Desert is 51 . Actor Scott Bairstow ( `` Party of Five '' ) is 49 . Actor John Lutz ( `` 30 Rock '' ) is 46 . Musicians Aaron and Bryce Dessner of The National are 43 . Wrestler-turned-actor John Cena ( `` The Marine '' ) is 42 . Actor-comedian John Oliver is 42 . Actor Kal Penn ( `` House M.D. , '' `` Harold and Kumar '' ) is 42 . Singer Taio Cruz is 36 . Actor Jesse Lee Soffer ( `` Chicago P.D. , '' `` Chicago Fire '' ) is 35 . Guitarist Anthony LaMarca of The War On Drugs is 32 . Actor Dev Patel ( `` Slumdog Millionaire '' ) is 29 . Actor Matthew Underwood ( `` Zoey 101 '' ) is 29 . Model Gigi Hadid is 24 . Musicians Jake and Josh Kiszka of Greta Van Fleet are 23 . Actor Charlie Rowe ( `` Salvation '' ) is 23 .
 April 24 : Actress Shirley MacLaine is 85 . Actress-singer-director Barbra Streisand is 77 . Country singer Richard Sterban of the Oak Ridge Boys is 76 . Drummer Doug Clifford ( Creedence Clearwater Revival ) is 74 . Singer Ann Peebles is 72 . Singer-keyboardist Rob Hyman of The Hooters is 69 . Actor Eric Bogosian is 66 . Singer-bassist Jack Blades of Night Ranger is 65 . Actor Michael O'Keefe ( `` Roseanne '' ) is 64 . Bassist David J ( Love and Rockets , Bauhaus ) is 62 . Actor Glenn Morshower ( `` 24 '' ) is 60 . Bassist Billy Gould ( Faith No More ) is 56 . Actor-comedian Cedric the Entertainer is 55 . Actor Djimon Hounsou ( `` Blood Diamond , '' `` Amistad '' ) is 55 . Drummer Patty Schemel ( Hole ) is 52 . Drummer Aaron Comess of the Spin Doctors is 51 . Actor Aidan Gillen ( `` Game of Thrones '' ) is 51 . Actress Melinda Clarke ( `` The O.C . '' ) is 50 . Actor Rory McCann ( `` Game of Thrones '' ) is 50 . Bassist Brian Marshall of Creed and of Alter Bridge is 46 . Actor Derek Luke ( `` Madea Goes To Jail , '' `` Friday Night Lights '' ) is 45 . Actor Thad Luckinbill ( `` 12 Strong , '' `` The Young and the Restless '' ) is 44 . Actor Eric Balfour ( `` 24 '' ) is 42 . Actress Rebecca Mader ( `` No Ordinary Family , '' `` Lost '' ) is 42 . Actress Reagan Gomez ( `` Queen Sugar , '' `` The Parent 'Hood '' ) is 39 . Actor Austin Nichols ( `` One Tree Hill '' ) is 39 . Actress Sasha Barrese ( `` The Hangover '' ) is 38 . Singer Kelly Clarkson ( `` American Idol '' ) is 37 . Singer-bassist Tyson Ritter of All-American Rejects is 35 . Country singer Carly Pearce is 29 . Actor Joe Keery ( `` Stranger Things '' ) is 27 . Actor Jack Quaid ( `` The Hunger Games '' ) is 27 . Actor Jordan Fisher ( `` Liv and Maddie , '' `` Rent : Live '' ) is 25 .
 April 25 : Actor Al Pacino is 79 . `` Dancing With The Stars '' judge Len Goodman is 75 . Bassist Stu Cook of Creedence Clearwater Revisited is 74 . Singer Bjorn Ulvaeus of ABBA is 74 . Actress Talia Shire is 74 . Actor Jeffrey DeMunn ( `` The Green Mile '' ) is 72 . Country singer-songwriter Rob Crosby is 65 . Actor Hank Azaria ( `` The Simpsons '' ) is 55 . Singer Andy Bell of Erasure is 55 . Bassist Eric Avery ( Jane 's Addiction ) is 54 . Guitarist Rory Feek of Joey and Rory is 54 . Former `` Early Show '' host Jane Clayson is 52 . Actress Gina Torres ( `` I Think I Love My Wife '' ) is 50 . Actress Renee Zellweger is 50 . Actor Jason Lee ( `` My Name Is Earl , '' `` Almost Famous '' ) is 49 . Actor Jason Wiles ( `` Third Watch '' ) is 49 . Actress Emily Bergl ( `` Southland '' ) is 44 . Actress Marguerite Moreau ( `` The O.C. , '' `` Life As We Know It '' ) is 42 . Singer Jacob Underwood ( O-Town ) is 39 . Actress Allisyn Ashley Arm ( `` Sonny With A Chance '' ) is 23 . Actress Jayden Rey ( `` The Conners '' ) is 10 .
 April 26 : Actress-comedian Carol Burnett is 86 . Guitarist-songwriter Duane Eddy is 81 . Singer Maurice Williams of Maurice and the Zodiacs is 81 . Singer Bobby Rydell is 77 . Singer Gary Wright is 76 . Actor Giancarlo Esposito ( `` Revolution , '' `` Breaking Bad '' ) is 61 . Drummer Roger Taylor of Duran Duran is 59 . Actress Joan Chen ( `` Twin Peaks '' ) is 58 . Drummer Chris Mars of The Replacements is 58 . Actor-singer Michael Damian is 57 . Actor Jet Li is 56 . Guitarist Jimmy Stafford of Train is 55 . Actor-comedian Kevin James ( `` Paul Blart : Mall Cop , '' `` The King of Queens '' ) is 54 . Keyboardist Jeff Huskins of Little Texas is 53 . Fiddler Joe Caverlee of Yankee Grey is 51 . Singer T-Boz of TLC is 49 . Actress Shondrella Avery ( `` Napoleon Dynamite '' ) is 48 . Bassist Jay DeMarcus of Rascal Flatts is 48 . Actress Simbi Kali ( `` 3rd Rock From The Sun '' ) is 48 . Bassist Michael Jeffers of Pinmonkey is 47 . Drummer Jose Pasillas of Incubus is 43 . Actor Jason Earles ( `` Hannah Montana '' ) is 42 . Actor Leonard Earl Howze ( `` Barbershop '' ) is 42 . Actor Amin Joseph ( `` Snowfall '' ) is 42 . Actor Tom Welling ( `` Smallville '' ) is 42 . Actor Pablo Schreiber ( `` Orange is the New Black , '' `` Weeds '' ) is 41 . Actor Nyambi Nyambi ( `` Mike and Molly '' ) is 40 . Actress Jordana Brewster ( `` The Fast and The Furious '' ) is 39 . Actress Stana Katic ( `` Castle '' ) is 39 . Actress Marnette Patterson ( `` Something So Right '' ) is 39 . Actor Channing Tatum ( `` Step Up '' ) is 39 . Actress Emily Wickersham ( `` NCIS '' ) is 35 . Musician James Sunderland of Frenship is 32 .
 April 27 : Actress Anouk Aimee is 87 . Singer Kate Pierson of The B-52 's is 71 . Singer Herbie Murrell of The Stylistics is 70 . Actor Douglas Sheehan ( `` Knots Landing '' ) is 70 . Guitarist Ace Frehley ( Kiss ) is 68 . Singer Sheena Easton is 60 . Actor James Le Gros ( `` Ally McBeal '' ) is 57 . Bassist Rob Squires of Big Head Todd and the Monsters is 54 . Singer Mica Paris is 50 . Drummer Patrick Hallahan of My Morning Jacket is 41 . Singer Jim James of My Morning Jacket is 41 . Singer-guitarist Travis Meeks of Days of the New is 40 . Bassist Joseph Pope the Third of Nathaniel Rateliff and the Night Sweats is 40 . Guitarist John Osborne of the Brothers Osborne is 37 . Actor Francis Capra ( `` Veronica Mars '' ) is 36 . Actress Ari Graynor ( `` Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist '' ) is 36 . Singer-guitarist Patrick Stump of Fall Out Boy is 35 . Actress Sheila Vand ( `` 24 : Legacy '' ) is 34 . Actress Jenna Coleman ( `` Victoria , '' `` Doctor Who '' ) is 33 . Singer Nick Noonan of Karmin is 33 . Actor William Moseley ( `` The Chronicles of Narnia '' ) is 32 . Actress Emily Rios ( `` Breaking Bad '' ) is 30 .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Remy Tumin , Melina Delkic and Hiroko Masuike
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good evening . Here ’ s the latest .
 1 . At the heart of last week ’ s congressional testimony by President Trump ’ s former lawyer wa the accusation that the president made hush payment , right from the White House , to prevent alleged sexual misconduct from being exposed .
 The check were sent on a more or le monthly basis throughout 2017 , Mr. Trump ’ s first year in office , according to two check provided to the House committee last week and six check provided to The Times this week . Mr. Cohen ’ s team said it wa searching for two or three others .
 The date on the newly available check open a window into the double life Mr. Trump wa living : managing affair of state while secretly paying to keep his personal secret out of the public eye .
 _____
 2 . The southwestern border is at a “ breaking point . ”
 That ’ s how U.S. official described the situation a more than 76,000 migrant crossed the border without authorization in February , more than double the number from the same period last year . It wa the fourth time in five month the crossing have broken record .
 Border enforcement authority warned that government facility were full and agent were overwhelmed . The high number of family crossing the border suggests that President Trump ’ s policy aimed at deterring asylum seeker are not having their intended effect .
 Customs and Border Protection also announced sweeping change to procedure for guaranteeing adequate medical care for migrant — an overhaul brought on by the death of two migrant child in custody in December . Above , a boy from Honduras with hydrocephalus wa among a group of migrant taken into custody last month in Penitas , Tex .
 _____
 3 . An anti-Semitism resolution that ’ s up for a vote in the House on Wednesday is touching off a generational fight over one of it member .
 On one side : veteran Democrats who are responding to Representative Ilhan Omar ’ s statement , which they say have been deemed hurtful to Jews , with the resolution . On the other side : a new breed of young liberal activist who argue that Ms. Omar , a Minnesota Democrat , pictured above last month , is being singled out for unfair treatment .
 A draft of the resolution being circulated on Capitol Hill doe not name Ms. Omar . But there is little question it is aimed at her .
 Also out of Washington : Scott Gottlieb , the commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration , resigned . He wa known for his aggressive effort to regulate the tobacco and e-cigarette industry .
 _____
 4 . One more time , only now with big data behind it .
 A new large study published this week found no association between the measles vaccine and autism — a reason often given by parent for rejecting inoculation . Researchers tracked more than 650,000 Danish child over 10 year , and the study echo finding of a 2002 study by member of the same team of scientist . Above , a child in Manila receives a measles vaccination last month .
 The report follows measles outbreak in Washington State , Texas and New York , a well a a resurgence of suspicion of vaccine safety . Researchers called on doctor and public health official to clearly label any link between the vaccine and autism a myth .
 _____
 5 . Today in will-they-or-won ’ t-they : Michael Bloomberg , the billionaire former mayor of New York , ha announced he will not run for president in 2020 .
 Mr. Bloomberg , writing in a Bloomberg News column , said he would rather use his energy and fortune to fund other likely candidate in the already crowded field of Democratic candidate . “ We can not allow the primary process to drag the party to an extreme that would diminish our chance , ” he wrote .
 Others who have announced they weren ’ t running include Hillary Clinton , the former secretary of state and 2016 nominee , and Jeff Merkley , the Oregon senator . For news about those who are running , visit our 2020 candidate tracker .
 We also talked to Stacey Abrams , who narrowly lost the Georgia governor ’ s race and is contemplating throwing her hat into the ring . She said she would decide by late March .
 _____
 6 . “ She is completely stuck . She is out of option . ”
 That wa the cousin of an American woman , Bethany Vierra , who moved to Saudi Arabia in 2011 and , because of so-called guardianship law , ha been trapped there since she divorced her Saudi husband .
 Ms. Vierra is unable to use her bank account , leave the country with her daughter , pictured above with Ms. Vierra , or even seek legal help .
 _____
 7 . HBO ’ s new bos excelled at broadcast TV . Can he do the same in cable ’ s next era ?
 Robert Greenblatt wa named chairman of entertainment at AT & T ’ s Warner Media , giving him oversight of TBS , TNT , a future streaming service and HBO , where ambitious show like “ Game of Thrones , ” pictured above , have become a hallmark .
 He spent much of the last two decade a the head of entertainment at Showtime and NBC , and Mr. Greenblatt ’ s first assignment is to make AT & T a fearsome competitor to company like Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Apple . Mr. Greenblatt noted that he wa not some wildly out-of-the-box pick .
 “ I ’ m not a much a an outsider that could have been brought in , ” he said . “ I don ’ t want to just come in and upend everything and destroy what they ’ ve built . ”
 Speaking of “ Game of Thrones , ” the trailer for the final season dropped today . The series return April 14 .
 _____
 8 . Tuesday morning in Paris wa the end of an era .
 Karl Lagerfeld ’ s final act a Chanel ’ s designer and mastermind came in the form of transforming the Grand Palais into a Swiss ski town a model walked down the snowdrift runway .
 “ It wa classic Chanel , the Lagerfeld way : merchandised , tongue-in-chic , replete with idea , alternately delicate and clumpy , forward-looking and connected to the past , ” wrote Vanessa Friedman , our chief fashion critic . “ Almost cinematic in scale . Free of angst . ”
 She also reviewed the collection of Alaïa and Alexander McQueen a Paris Fashion Week came to an end , a well a the twist and turn and trompes l ’ oeil at Balenciaga , Thom Browne and Valentino .
 _____
 9 . Our 52 Places traveler set out to find Ontario ’ s ice cave in a rare travel experience : There are no signboard or organized tour , and going out on the ice in search of them is dangerous .
 After a 12-hour drive from Detroit in whiteout condition , he eventually found stunning creation born of frigid weather . But the cave are on the 52 Places to Travel list for a disheartening reason : Scientists predict that Lake Superior could be completely ice-free in the next two to three decade , which would mean the end of the Ontario ice cave .
 “ To see them now , before they ’ re gone , felt like an immense privilege , ” he writes .
 _____
 10 . Finally , exploding fruit !
 For year , people have been putting grape in the microwave to watch them explode . “ It is a truth universally acknowledged that a pair of grape hemisphere exposed to intense microwave radiation will spark , igniting a plasma , ” a physicist recently wrote in a scholarly article .
 But there is some real science behind the party trick . Scientists had never studied the internet phenomenon until now and found that the same reaction that occurs from microwaving grape may offer clue to how light work in advanced technology .
 Have a grape night .
 _____
 Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern .
 And don ’ t miss Your Morning Briefing . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning .
 Want to catch up on past briefing ? You can browse them here .
 What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let u know at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Gabe Cohn
 He ’ s still not hosting the Academy Awards , but Kevin Hart ha a No . 1 movie to celebrate .
 Only day after quashing the idea that he would return a host of the Oscars , the actor and comedian is back at the top of the box office in STX ’ s “ The Upside , ” a dramedy starring Hart a a black parolee who becomes the caregiver and pal of a wealthy , white quadriplegic man played by Bryan Cranston . Despite an unenthusiastic reception from critic ( the film ha a 40 percent fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes ) , the film exceeded most analyst ’ expectation , selling $ 19.6 million in ticket during it first weekend in theater .
 The movie ’ s performance is especially notable given the controversy that ha embroiled Hart while he ’ s been trying to promote it . In December , shortly after Hart wa announced a the Oscar host , he dropped out when several tweet and comment that were deemed homophobic resurfaced from his past . Since then , his appearance to talk about “ The Upside ” have also involved discussion about the controversy , a wa the case with a spot on “ The Ellen DeGeneres Show ” at the beginning of the month that briefly stoked rumor that Hart could be reinstated a host ( he ha since definitively ruled it out ) .
 But audience didn ’ t seem to want to punish Hart : They bought enough ticket to allow “ The Upside ” to beat out the titanic “ Aquaman ” and claim the top spot at the box office .
 [ Read the New York Times review of “ The Upside . ” ]
 Not that Warner Bros. , the studio behind “ Aquaman , ” ha much to complain about . The superhero movie led by Jason Momoa brought in $ 17.3 million domestically this weekend and about $ 27.9 million overseas , bringing it cumulative global ticket sale to $ 1.02 billion , according to the studio . The film had spent three straight week atop the domestic box office , and it strong international turnout ha cemented Momoa — a “ Game of Thrones ” alumnus — a a moneymaking leading man .
 Sony ’ s “ A Dog ’ s Way Home ” wa the only other debut in the top 10 , landing in third place with $ 11.3 million during it first weekend in theater , according to Comscore , which compiles box-office data . This family film directed by Charles Martin Smith star a real dog making a difficult journey alongside a C.G.I . cougar . “ If you ’ ve ever wondered what ‘ The Grey ’ might have been like if Liam Neeson were a dog , ” Glenn Kenny wrote in his review for The New York Times , “ you must see this movie . ”




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Giovanni Russonello
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 When Trevor Noah caught wind that President Trump had lied about his father ’ s birthplace , he wasn ’ t even angry — he wa just confused .
 Speaking to reporter recently alongside Jens Stoltenberg , the secretary general of NATO , Trump said his father “ wa German — and born in a very wonderful place in Germany. ” In truth , the president ’ s father , Fred Trump , wa born in New York City . Noah had a hard time figuring out why Trump would lie about something like this .
 “ This is one of those Trump lie where I ’ m just like , ‘ Why are you even doing this ? ’ There ’ s nothing to gain ! ” — TREVOR NOAH
 “ Sometimes it feel like he ha an unlimited lying plan with Verizon . Like , why lie about this ? ” — TREVOR NOAH
 “ You know the way we try to get our step in ? He ’ s trying to get in a certain number of lie on his ‘ Fibbit ’ every single day. ” — TREVOR NOAH
 Noah joked that maybe Trump wa just being a “ birther ” about his own father .
 “ I will say this : I always thought that Trump wa racist because he said that Obama wa born in Kenya , but now that he ’ s doing it to his dad , maybe he ’ s just a birther for everyone . Maybe that ’ s just him. ” — TREVOR NOAH
 Samantha Bee took the release of “ Unplanned ” — a film about an unplanned pregnancy , and one that is “ so bad , ” she said , “ it make ‘ A Christmas Prince 2 : Royal Wedding ’ look like ‘ Citizen Kane 2 ’ ” — a a cue to discus the status of abortion right across the country . She wa particularly disturbed by a bill passed last week by state lawmaker in Georgia .
 “ Georgia ’ s new bill outlaw abortion a soon a doctor can discern a fetal heartbeat , which happens around six week of pregnancy . It ’ s a time when a lot of woman don ’ t even know they ’ re pregnant yet , since that ’ s only two week past the missed period . Two week after my missed period , I don ’ t know if I ’ m pregnant or if it ’ s just my amazing training for the Olympics . Either way , Bob Costas is involved. ” — SAMANTHA BEE
 “ Fifteen defendant who were charged in last month ’ s college admission scandal appeared in court today , including actress Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin . The courthouse wa packed — but somehow their daughter got in ! ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ Fox News will host a town hall event in Pennsylvania this month with Senator Bernie Sanders . It will give Fox News viewer an opportunity to hear from someone younger. ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ Alec Baldwin is here , you know what that mean : There ’ s a good chance President Trump will be angrily live-tweeting the show. ” — JIMMY FALLON , welcoming his guest for the evening
 “ Jimmy Kimmel Live ” is filming in Las Vegas this week , and Guillermo couldn ’ t pas up the opportunity to go out partying . And there ’ s a videotape .
 Bee discussed tech company ’ effort to push back against anti-vaccination conspiracy theorist .
 Seth Rogen will chat with Jimmy Kimmel on Thursday .
 Maybe “ Game of Thrones ” — the TV series that by now border on national obsession — will never really end .
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
 The 25 Best Films of the 21st Century
 The Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Michael D. Shear and Annie Karni
 WASHINGTON — By the time President Trump woke up on Thursday morning , he wa ready for the Mueller report .
 The day before , his lawyer had given him a matter-of-fact recounting of the special counsel ’ s sprawling , 448-page document during a briefing in the White House residence . It left Mr. Trump concerned about it damaging detail but convinced that the report would help further the White House ’ s narrative that he had been cleared of all wrongdoing .
 Before 9 a.m. , the president began that public relation effort in earnest , using Twitter to confidently urge people to watch a morning news conference by Attorney General William P. Barr . The moment Mr. Barr ended the news conference — having repeatedly insisted there wa “ no collusion ” — the president tweeted again .
 “ Game Over , ” the “ Game of Thrones ” -styled tweet said , showing a picture of Mr. Trump from behind , staring into a mist . “ No Collusion . No Obstruction . For the hater and the radical left Democrats . ”
 For Mr. Trump , the release of the report by the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , had hung over his head for almost two year and with it the terrifying possibility that it content could destroy his presidency . But on the day that the moment finally arrived , the president refused to budge from his initial assessment that the report wa a total exoneration of his action .
 The finding from the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , are now available to the public . The redacted report detail his two-year investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election .
 In an appearance with Wounded Warriors that started at virtually the same moment the Mueller report wa released to the public on Justice Department server , the president could hardly contain himself . He had hardly welcomed the military veteran — saying they were having a good day — before he started to talk about himself .
 “ I ’ m having a good day , too , ” Mr. Trump said , prompting laughter from the audience . “ It wa called ‘ No collusion . No obstruction. ’ There never wa , by the way , and there never will be . ”
 The president repeated his demand that the Justice Department should shift it focus to investigate his adversary , adding that “ we do have to get to the bottom of these thing , I will say ” and concluding that “ this hoax — it should never happen to another president again . ”
 Mr. Trump had spent a half-hour before the event taking picture with the veteran . But after the event , he wa back in the West Wing , huddled with his lawyer and going over the report with his aide . Before leaving for his Easter vacation , Mr. Trump asked Kellyanne Conway , his counselor , to repeat his declaration of innocence to reporter .
 “ Really the best day since he got elected , ” Ms. Conway said . “ I know you want to cherry-pick one line here or one line there . ”
 “ It ’ s over , folk , ” she added .
 Just before 1 p.m. , Mr. Trump wa back on Twitter , this time posting a video of news clip about the report ’ s conclusion . “ As I have been saying all along , NO COLLUSION — NO OBSTRUCTION ! , ” Mr. Trump tweeted triumphantly .
 But a the day wore on , and more detail from the report emerged about the president ’ s behavior — and the way in which he urged those around him to mislead the public — the president and his top aide went uncharacteristically quiet . Despite having told a radio interviewer on Wednesday that he might hold a news conference after the report ’ s release , he purposefully avoiding one of his favorite pastime : talking to the press .
 At 4 p.m. , when the president walked onto the South Lawn to board Marine One for the flight to Joint Base Andrews , he did not talk to reporter .
 He did not crow again about the report ’ s conclusion , and he did not take question . Instead , the president boarded the helicopter , headed for a four-day Easter vacation at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach , Fla. With him on Air Force One : Pat Cipollone , the White House counsel ; Mick Mulvaney , the acting chief of staff ; and Dan Scavino Jr. , assistant to the president .
 On the way to Florida , Mr. Trump stayed in the front of the plane , declining to mingle with the handful of reporter in the press cabin near the kitchen .
 Instead , about halfway to Palm Beach , the president sent out a tweet quoting Jesse B. Watters , a Fox News analyst , saying that the president wa framed — a clear indication that Mr. Trump wa tuned into the cable news coverage of the release of the report .
 “ I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted , ” Mr. Trump wrote . “ I could have fired everyone , including Mueller , if I wanted . I chose not to . I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege . I didn ’ t ! ”
 Just before landing , Mr. Trump offered some cryptic advice for his follower to watch three of the president ’ s favorite television news program : “ It wa a really great day for America ! ” he tweeted . “ A special evening tonight on @ TuckerCarlson , @ seanhannity & @ IngrahamAngle Will be very interesting ! ”
 But a he climbed into his motorcade without talking with reporter , a president who rarely miss a chance to spar with the news medium made it clear that question about the Mueller report would have to wait for another day .
 Maggie Haberman contributed reporting .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Nonfiction
 When you purchase an independently reviewed book through our site , we earn an affiliate commission .
 By Catherine Nixey
 TEN CAESARS Roman Emperors From Augustus to ConstantineBy Barry Strauss
 Roman emperor can be so troublesome to the modern reader . Less because their crime were , by modern standard , breathtaking — although a Barry Strauss show in his engaging new book , “ Ten Caesars , ” they were . Nero , it is claimed , committed incest with his mother , then executed her . The emperor Galerius , meanwhile , wa said to enliven mealtime by feeding criminal to his pet bear a he ate . Yet terrible though these act may be , one must admit that they make for entertaining if unsavory reading .
 The real reason emperor cause modern heart to sink is not so much the matricide , fratricide , pederasty or ( in one instance ) insistence on entirely blue meal . What is truly troubling about the emperor is that there were just so many of them . Between the start of the first and the fourth century there were ( depending on how you count them ) around 70 or so — five in A.D. 193 alone . And they were hardly kind with their name . It take a reader of stern historical fiber not to be a little put off by the concatenation of Constans , Constantius and Constantine .
 So even before opening the first page of “ Ten Caesars , ” the reader feel a debt of gratitude to Strauss for scything off a superfluous 60-plus ruler and concentrating on a manageable number . The table of content show that he ha further simplified thing by giving each emperor an epithet . So you find “ Tiberius , the Tyrant , ” “ Nero , the Entertainer ” and so on — a trick familiar from the name of medieval king . Or possibly “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Strauss , a professor at Cornell , ha the intellectual credential to brave such simplification . Moreover , the task he ha set himself requires it . To cover 360-odd year in a similar number of page mean going at quite a lick . The four-decade reign of Augustus ( “ the Founder ” ) is covered in 40 page . The 30-year reign of Constantine ( “ the Christian ” ) pass in a brisk 28 . That speed is both the great strength and the great weakness of this book .
 The strength of this approach is that it offer perspective . All too often book on Rome , like literary grand tourist , revisit the familiar site , lingering over the naughty Neros , the effective army and the efficient bureaucracy . But , a Strauss show , Rome wa far more complex and far more interesting than that . This huge and multifarious empire stretched from Spain to Syria and lasted , in the West , for half a millennium . Its leader reflected this .
 So one chapter is devoted to Septimius Severus ( “ the African ” ) ; another emphasizes how Rome came to be run not by Italians but by “ hard military men from the Balkans ” — though not so hard , Strauss observes , that they didn ’ t enjoy purple robe accessorized with silk shoe and jewel . Dictator chic ha a long history .
 Strauss also brings back the often-neglected Elagabalus , though not with a chapter of his own . It wa he who enjoyed those blue ( not to mention green and iridescent ) meal . He also , more intriguingly , tried to impose the worship of an all-powerful Semitic god on Rome . Elagabalus failed where Constantine would , more famously , succeed a century later — but you understand Constantine far better in the light of his often-ignored predecessor .
 However , too frequently the cost of this breadth is depth — a sense not helped by this book ’ s style . Strauss is not an author to balk either at cliché ( one emperor “ sowed his wild oat ” ; another is a “ former bad boy ” ) or anachronism . Severus is likened to “ a new C.E.O. , brought in to effect a restructuring , ” while the Colosseum wa “ a revolutionary a Facebook or Twitter , ” a simile no le baffling than it is anachronistic . Rome and it Senate were not Silicon Valley in sandal . To suggest such thing , even in passing , is not merely oversimplification but misrepresentation — and mar an otherwise enlightening book .
 Catherine Nixey is the author of “ The Darkening Age : The Christian Destruction of the Classical World . ”
 TEN CAESARS Roman Emperors From Augustus to Constantine By Barry Strauss Illustrated . 410 pp . Simon & Schuster . $ 28 .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Lara Zarum
 Interested in getting more suggestion on what to stream ? Sign up for the Watching newsletter , which we send out every Monday and Friday .
 Netflix wa already home to a dizzying amount of content before it committed to churning out 1,000 original series , film and special in 2018 . And there ’ s much more on the horizon : The streaming site ha production deal with not only Barack and Michelle Obama , but also with some of TV ’ s most powerful creator , including Ryan Murphy , Marti Noxon and Kenya Barris . Then there ’ s the steady flow of ( often foreign ) Netflix original that are bought by the streaming service postproduction — “ Bodyguard , ” for example , wa created by the BBC .
 It ’ s a lot to keep up with . If you ’ ve fallen behind , here are some recent Netflix original that are worth checking out . Whether you ’ re looking for a new reality dating show , an irreverent comedy or a broody British thriller , there ’ s a little something for everyone on this list .
 It ’ s rare for a new show to garner a much universal adoration a this dark comedy did when it had it premiere in early February . Created by Leslye Headland ( “ Bachelorette ) , Natasha Lyonne and Amy Poehler , “ Russian Doll ” star Lyonne a a New Yorker stuck in a loop of dying and coming back to life at the same time and place — in the bathroom at her 36th birthday party . Funny , cleverly structured and a little melancholy , the series turn out to be a surprisingly poignant meditation on repressed trauma and self-actualization . And even if all that weren ’ t true , it would still be worth the watch for Lyonne ’ s tough-as-nails Nadia , a true original , just like the woman who play her.— Stream it on Netflix .
 [ We ’ re rewatching the first seven season of “ Game of Thrones ” before the final season . Sign up to get our guide straight to your inbox . ]
 Teen sex comedy typically rely on gross-out humor : sticky substance turning up in inopportune place , badly timed case of mistaken identity , drunk kid doing thing with people they don ’ t really like . But this British series , starring Asa Butterfield a a 16-year-old transfer student and the indomitable Gillian Anderson a his sex-therapist mom , is different . It ’ s certainly not prudish — the opening scene alone is testament to that . But despite the nudity and explicit sex scene , “ Sex Education ” is an earnest , sweet coming-of-age ( no pun intended ) story , featuring excellent performance from Butterfield and Anderson , a well a the supporting player Ncuti Gatwa and Emma Mackey.— Stream it on Netflix .
 [ The 50 best movie on Netflix right now . ]
 Following his excellent stand-up special , “ Homecoming King , ” the comedian Hasan Minhaj return to Netflix with this political variety show . ( You could call it a “ late night show ” but , well , that designation make le and le sense in the age of streaming . ) “ Patriot Act , ” now in it second season , is like a cross between “ Full Frontal With Samantha Bee ” and “ Last Week Tonight With John Oliver. ” Like the latter series , “ Patriot Act ” structure it episode by subject , allowing Minhaj to dive deep into a topic — like immigration enforcement in the United States , predatory drug pricing or the rise of Amazon — for 20 minute at a time . The episode aren ’ t numbered , so you can pick and choose which issue appeal to you . And the wide-eyed , hyper-aware Minhaj is an energetic and charismatic host . Enjoy.— Stream it on Netflix .
 A taut , six-episode thriller ( bless the British ) , “ Bodyguard ” feature the former “ Game of Thrones ” star Richard Madden a the title character , a veteran named David Budd who is assigned to protect a Conservative member of Parliament , Julia Montague ( Keeley Hawes ) . Budd is a tough-guy hero who look good in a leather jacket , but he ’ s not made of steel , and Madden make sure the strain of his job show plainly on his face . When it had it premiere in Britain last year , “ Bodyguard ” became the BBC ’ s most-watched drama since 2008 , and Madden won a Golden Globe earlier this year for his performance a the tense , trauma-addled Budd.— Stream it on Netflix .
 Based on the 2017 book by Samin Nosrat ( who ha a column in The New York Times Magazine ) , this charming , four-part docu-series explores the four essential element in cooking . “ Salt Fat Acid Heat ” is part travelogue , part instructional guide . Viewers tag along a Nosrat jet from Italy to Japan to Mexico , and back to her home in California , learning from the local about how to achieve culinary perfection . On this show , good cooking doesn ’ t require following a recipe to the letter . Instead , it requires knowledge of how certain ingredient and process can produce mouth-wateringly good food . Nosrat ’ s enthusiasm is infectious , making the show a must-watch for foodie and anyone who longs to be a competent , intuitive home chef.— Stream it on Netflix .
 Another British show , “ Derry Girls ” is set in Northern Ireland in the ’ 90 , during the Troubles . This sprightly comedy follows a high schooler , Erin ( Saoirse-Monica Jackson ) , her daffy cousin Orla ( Louisa Harland ) , and her friend Michelle , Clare and James ( Nicola Coughlan , Jamie-Lee O ’ Donnell and Dylan Llewellyn ) . The threat of violence permeates the series : James , Michelle ’ s newly arrived English cousin , is forced to attend their all-girls ’ Catholic school out of concern for his safety were he to go to the boy ’ school . And yet the show ’ s creator , Lisa McGee , keep it in the background , focusing instead on the character ’ more typical day-to-day teenage concern . Siobhan McSweeney is a standout a the Catholic school ’ s deadpan head nun.— Stream it on Netflix .
 Anyone else miss “ Blind Date , ” the early- ’ 00s dating show that let viewer squirm watching first date ? Netflix ha just the show for you . Each episode of “ Dating Around ” center on one hopeful New Yorker a he or she go on a series of first date , and don ’ t let the sleek production fool you : The show may look more polished than earlier iteration of dating reality TV , but the date range from sweetly awkward to I-want-to-tear-my-eyeballs-out-but-I-can ’ t-stop-watching excruciating . There are no on-camera testimonial here — you have to judge for yourself ( with the help of some cheeky editing ) what each participant think of his or her date . As glam a the establishing shot may look , the show is a awkward a New York dating really is.— Stream it on Netflix .
 This loose adaptation of Shirley Jackson ’ s famous 1959 horror novel wa one of several spooky Netflix offering to debut around Halloween last year . Its creator , Mike Flanagan , take some liberty with the source material , setting his version in the present day . He also center the 10 episode on the Crain sibling , who have been haunted for year by their brief childhood stay at the creepy Hill House . The show go back and forth between past and present , with varying result . It ’ s hard to make those jump-out-of-your-seat scare stretch for the series ’ 10 hour , and there are time when you might wish that a ghost is just a ghost , not a metaphor for lingering childhood trauma . But for horror fan , or Jackson acolyte , “ Hill House ” is good for some spine-chilling thrills.— Stream it on Netflix .
 Another of Netflix ’ s ’ Ween ’ 18 original , “ Chilling Adventures of Sabrina ” is the long-awaited star vehicle for Kiernan Shipka , who played Sally Draper in “ Mad Men. ” If you grew up watching the series “ Sabrina the Teenage Witch , ” starring Melissa Joan Hart , be warned : On “ Chilling Adventures , ” the Archie Comics character get the dark-teen-supernatural-drama treatment . It ha more in common with the CW ’ s “ Riverdale , ” both of which were developed by Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa . The series open on the eve of Sabrina ’ s “ dark baptism ” ( which , let ’ s be honest , is basically a werewolf bar mitzvah ) , and treat it lead character ’ s unusual circumstance a a way to explore the tricky balancing act of growing up female.— Stream it on Netflix .
 “ You ” first debuted on Lifetime , back in September 2018 . The psychological thriller , based on the novel by Caroline Kepnes , struggled to find an audience , and the network canceled it after one season . But when it landed on Netflix in December , “ You ” became a bona fide hit , and it second season will be produced by Netflix . Following a bookstore owner named Joe ( Penn Badgley ) who stalk and , eventually , woos an aspiring young writer and grad student named Beck ( Elizabeth Lail ) , “ You ” is both frothy and sharp . Cleverly , the show make Beck just a absorbing — and in some way , a slippery — a Joe . It ’ ll tie your stomach in knot , in a good way.— Stream it on Netflix .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 In the day since a Los Angeles gallery posted a snapshot of the art and music legend to Instagram , the image ha commandeered the internet . Here are 13 reason .
 By Guy Trebay
 “ It wa a pretty quiet moment , ” Jacob Sousa said this week from his job at the L.A. Louver gallery in the Venice neighborhood of Los Angeles , where David Hockney ’ s solo exhibition “ Something New in Painting ( and Photography ) [ and even Printing ] ... Continued ” is on view .
 “ There were only a couple of gallery visitor , and one of my colleague said , ‘ Joni Mitchell is here , ’ so I grabbed my camera and waited for her on the second floor . ”
 It wa there that Ms. Mitchell spotted Mr. Hockney , an acquaintance , and where Mr. Sousa asked the two if he could capture the moment .
 “ She smiled and stepped in front of the painting and took David by the hand , ” the photographer said of a gentle image that , posted on Valentine ’ s Day to the gallery ’ s Instagram account , quickly went on to garner more than two million impression and to be liked and reposted and commented upon by people a disparate a Josh Groban , Lana Del Rey and member of the British Parliament .
 “ I don ’ t know why , ” Mr. Sousa said , although some reason immediately suggest themselves .
 1 . Because the image is that rare thing , a candid snapshot — without filter or manipulation and no planning — of an encounter that would occur just once .
 2 . Because it is a photo of two legend — one an octogenarian artist of worldwide reputation , the other a septuagenarian singer and songwriter who left an indelible mark on music history .
 3 . Because the snap , taken on a cool afternoon at Mr. Hockney ’ s longtime California gallery , flashed onto screen a a blur of sunny , ecstatic color in an otherwise bleak season .
 4 . Because the combined age of the two figure depicted in it is 156 .
 5 . Because Ms. Mitchell ha seldom been seen in public since she say she wa given a diagnosis of Morgellons disease , and suffered a brain aneurysm in 2015 .
 6 . Because , despite the presence of the cane she us since having learned again to walk , Ms. Mitchell appears radiant and robust .
 7 . Because Mr. Hockney is so ruddy looking that you would never take him for a dedicated smoker or someone who ’ d had a stroke just seven year ago .
 8 . Because Mr. Hockney is wonderfully attired in his singular and exuberant way : unstructured blue jacket , lime green cardigan , knit tie of alternating pink-and-red stripe , tweed flat cap and pink polka-dot pocket square .
 9 . Because Ms. Mitchell is dressed in what looked like queen ’ s raiment : a navy blue and yellow fringed steam-stretch sweater from the designer Yoshiyuki Miyamae ’ s fall 2018 collection for Issey Miyake , a show one critic likened to “ Dune ” meet “ Game of Thrones . ”
 10 . Because the two are immigrant , each of whom forged an early path to California — Ms. Mitchell from the cold reach of the Saskatchewan province of Canada by way of Paris ; Mr. Hockney from Yorkshire , England — exchanging world “ too old and cold , ” a she once wrote , for a coastal city filled with possibility , then a now .
 11 . Because , like so many others , Mr. Sousa , 26 , the gallery worker who took the picture , wa once rescued from a dark time by a chance encounter with a YouTube clip of Ms. Mitchell singing “ California ’ ’ on “ The Johnny Cash Show ” in 1969 .
 12 . Because Sean Hewitt , 28 , the Irish poet who picked up the image from a fan site devoted to Ms. Mitchell , reposted it to Twitter and went to bed on Valentine ’ s Day , awakened the next morning and found that “ my phone had gone mad . ”
 13 . Because , a Mr. Hewitt also said , at a time of intensified obsession with the barren reach of the digital world , the image is a joyful postcard from the analog one . “ It ’ s this wonderful depiction of two successful people enjoying their old age , ” he said .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Edmund Lee and John Koblin
 The game of throne at NBCUniversal ha begun .
 The company on Monday announced a series of executive change that could set the stage for the next generation of leader at a medium empire that includes the NBC broadcast network ; Universal Film Studios ; and cable channel such a Bravo and MSNBC , which ha seen a rating surge during the Trump administration .
 Stephen B. Burke , the chief executive , streamlined the management structure by putting Jeff Shell in charge of Hollywood operation , including the international business and Telemundo , and having Mark Lazarus oversee the broadcast network , the news division , the cable network and the sport group .
 Bonnie Hammer , 68 , the longtime head of the company ’ s profitable cable portfolio , ha been put in charge of an advertising-supported streaming service that wa announced Monday and is expected to debut early next year . It will compete with new stand-alone streaming product from the Walt Disney Company and AT & T ’ s WarnerMedia , a well a entrenched player like Netflix and Hulu . Disney ’ s and WarnerMedia ’ s product are expected to debut at the end of this year .
 Many in the industry interpreted the move a Mr. Burke ’ s positioning a showdown between Mr. Lazarus and Mr . Shell to be his possible successor . Effectively , Mr. Burke , 60 , ha set up an East Coast and West Coast divide : Mr. Lazarus will control much of the company from NBC ’ s operation in New York and Stamford , Conn. , and Mr . Shell will take over the Hollywood asset from Burbank , Calif .
 “ Mark and Jeff , I think , are two of the most capable people in the entertainment business , ” Mr. Burke said in an interview in his office at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in Manhattan . “ Everyone ha been very supportive of each other . It wa just time . ”
 As for what the move mean for Mr. Burke ’ s future , he added , “ I ’ m not going anywhere . ”
 Mr. Burke wa appointed the head of NBCUniversal in 2011 after Comcast completed it acquisition of the medium giant . At the time , over 20 executive reported directly to him . The latest change will bring that number down to 12 .
 “ We can move faster now , ” he said .
 Mr. Lazarus , 55 , ha been the head of NBC Sports since 2011 , when he replaced Dick Ebersol . He will now oversee NBC News , MSNBC and the moneymaking cable portfolio that includes Bravo , USA and the E ! network . Andrew Lack , the NBC News chairman , will report to Mr. Lazarus .
 Mr . Shell , 53 , will continue to oversee the film division and also have control of NBC Entertainment a well a the international division and Telemundo . The NBC Entertainment co-chairmen Paul Telegdy and George Cheeks , who replaced Robert Greenblatt in September , will report to Mr . Shell . Before coming to NBC Universal in 2013 , Mr . Shell wa an executive in Comcast ’ s programming group .
 The move to streaming will be a big one for Ms. Hammer , who joined Universal three decade ago . She ha overseen many of NBC ’ s profitable cable property for several year , and is one of the most powerful woman in television .
 Mr. Burke said that he had considered executive from outside the rank to run the streaming business , but that Ms. Hammer wa “ the right person . ”
 “ She didn ’ t hesitate , ” he added .
 She will be joined by two executive from Sky , the British pay-TV operator that Comcast won in a bidding war with Disney last year . Sky is primarily known a a satellite broadcaster , but it ha developed a robust streaming service that run across several European territory . NBCUniversal hope to take advantage of their experience .
 Jumping into streaming ha become the go-to strategy for established medium business . Disney bought most of Rupert Murdoch ’ s 21st Century Fox business with the idea that it would start selling show and film directly to consumer . AT & T bought Time Warner for the same purpose . As more people cut their cable subscription , streaming service are taking a share of that business .
 But NBCUniversal is taking a two-sided approach that aim to keep the cable business intact . The ad-supported product will be free to anyone who ha a cable or satellite account , but for cord cutter there will be a pay option .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Giovanni Russonello
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 The late-night host all lined up to bid good riddance to Kirstjen Nielsen , the former secretary of homeland security , who resigned on Sunday under pressure from President Trump .
 During her tenure , Nielsen oversaw the White House ’ s crackdown at the southern border and became the public face of the administration ’ s controversial family-separation policy . The three major late-night host each had his own way of sending her off .
 “ Goodbye , Kirstjen . Whoever replaces you permanently is going to have some very big cage to fill. ” — JIMMY KIMMEL
 “ Now , Nielsen ’ s departure is not a total shock . Reportedly , for week , Nielsen ha felt ‘ in limbo. ’ Limbo is the right word here , because we ’ ve all been watching just how low she can go. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT , quoting from a CNN report
 “ Nielsen said that this wa the right time to step down and she look forward to spending more time separating her family. ” — JIMMY FALLON
 Trevor Noah said that Nielsen might have a hard time finding work in the private sector after the role she played in the administration .
 “ Nielsen is leaving this White House with her reputation in tatter . Remember , she wa the face of the Trump administration ’ s family separation policy , where kid were split from their parent and kept in cage . So basically , the only job she can get now is working for R. Kelly. ” — TREVOR NOAH
 “ Since Trump took office , a record number of people have left the White House . Which , even for Trump , is pretty impressive . It ’ s almost like he ’ s leading the resistance by himself . Everyone out there is like , ‘ We got ta get these people out of office ! ’ And Trump is like , ‘ Way ahead of you folk . Resist ! ’ ” — TREVOR NOAH
 As Democrats in Congress and in New York State attempt to wrest Trump ’ s tax return from his grasp , he ha insisted that he is under audit and therefore can not release the return . Seth Meyers called for him to finally make them public .
 “ It ’ s a congressional request . You can ’ t just turn it down like hors d ’ oeuvre at a party . ‘ You ’ ve been served. ’ ‘ Oh , no thank you , I ’ ve already had 100 Big Macs. ’ ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ Trump is the first president in 40 year not to release his tax return . And without them we have no idea where he ’ s getting money from or who he owes money to . Which is crazy — he ’ s the president ! You ’ d want to know if your doctor had a side business running a mortuary . ‘ Your test result were negative , but just in case , have you thought about a wood casket ? Pine is very nice. ’ ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ McDonald ’ s will no longer serve Filet-O-Fish sandwich after midnight . If you ’ re someone who ’ s eating Filet-O-Fish at McDonald ’ s after midnight , this might be a good time to re-evaluate your life choices. ” — JIMMY FALLON
 “ I think Joe Biden just doesn ’ t get it . Which is great news for him , because guy who just don ’ t get it is one of the most powerful voting bloc in America. ” — TREVOR NOAH , after watching footage of Joe Biden telling joke about his habit of being physically affectionate with woman in professional scenario
 Jeff Goldblum make a completely worthless — but lovable — tax adviser .
 After a Red Sox player wa injured by his 2-year-old son , Jimmy Kimmel decided he wanted to hear both side of the story .
 Chelsea Handler — who ha been speaking candidly of late about her feeling about Robert Mueller — will sit down with Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday .
 Here ’ s a complete , interactive guide to the final season of “ Game of Thrones , ” which start on Sunday .
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
 The 25 Best Films of the 21st Century
 The Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 NEW YORK — The release of a dense , 400-page report on the result of a two-year investigation is an event uniquely unsuited to today 's minute-by-minute news cycle .
 That wa the challenge faced Thursday by journalist who finally got to see special counsel Robert Mueller 's finding on the Russia investigation , after another attempt by President Donald Trump and his administration to give their version of what it said .
 Reporters scrambled through stack of paper with blacked-out portion to glean highlight . Cameras peeked over shoulder to display Mueller 's word on computer screen . Anchors continually asked colleague , `` What have you found ? '' or `` What jump out at you ? ''
 `` We 're all going to law school today , '' NBC 's Savannah Guthrie said .
 Mueller 's report wa released shortly after 11 a.m. , following Attorney General William Barr 's more detailed verbal summary of the written summary he delivered on March 24 . That succeeded in setting a Trump-friendly narrative of the investigation . Barr repeated Thursday that Mueller had found no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russians trying to influence the 2016 election , an assessment broadcast live on broadcast and cable news network .
 In a short news conference that followed , Barr three time batted away question about whether he wa doing Trump 's bidding in summarizing Mueller 's word before the public could see them .
 `` I wa struck with how much he put his own credibility on the line , it seemed , in order to spin for the press and give the president basically what amount to two hour of better press , '' ABC News ' Matthew Dowd said .
 NBC analyst Chuck Rosenberg said Barr `` went too far into the tank '' for Trump .
 `` Book review are interesting , '' he said . `` But the book is always more telling . ''
 For his part , Trump followed with a `` Game of Thrones '' -inspired tweet proclaiming `` Game Over . ''
 Once the report wa released , the network largely ignored — or showed in delayed , truncated form — a Trump White House appearance where he commented on the finding .
 Journalists were warned in advance to slow down and take time to digest the news before talking about it or interviewing opinionated guest . But that ignores a hyper-competitive world with airtime and web page to fill and consumer who are never more than a click away from rival . A smiling Rudolph Giuliani , Trump 's lawyer , wa on Fox News Channel within a half hour of the report 's release .
 Certain highlight were emphasized , like the president 's profanity when he learned of Mueller 's appointment , and former White House counsel Don McGahn 's refusal to order Mueller 's firing .
 The report 's sheer length made varied conclusion inevitable , even within the same news organization .
 `` The way Barr described what he called the top line or bottom line conclusion of the Mueller investigation track very closely with what I 've been able to read , '' NBC News ' Pete Williams said . `` His summary of what the investigation say is pretty much on point . ''
 Later , Brian Williams asked an MSNBC guest , former U.S. Attorney Joyce Vance , `` What report do you think the attorney general wa describing this morning ? ''
 `` Not the one that I 'm reading now , '' she replied .
 Television network used chyrons to flag finding : `` Trump to Sessions Upon Recusal : 'You Were Supposed to Protect Me ' '' on MSNBC . `` Trump Engaged in Effort to Encourage Witnesses not to Cooperate with Investigation '' on Fox News .
 On YouTube , Vice News showed a reporter , sitting at a table with a framed picture of Mueller under a potted plant , reading the document .
 The Washington Post led it first post-release story by describing how Mueller 's investigator `` struggled with both the legal implication of investigating President Trump for possible obstruction of justice , and the motif behind a range of his most alarming action , from seeking the ouster of former official to ordering a memo that would clear his name . ''
 On it web site , The New York Times kept up a running series of brief dispatch from individual reporter on highlight of the report .
 The Associated Press did both , sending out individual alert of report finding and leading it first post-release story with the news of McGahn 's refusal to get Mueller fired .
 Fox News anchor Bret Baier mused about what point Mueller had concluded that there wa no collusion with Russia . If that news had gotten out earlier , would it have changed the result of the 2018 midterm election ?
 `` You 've had for 23 month the sword of Damocles hanging over the Trump campaign and the Trump administration that is eating away at the body politic , '' he said .
 Several reporter noted how the report outlined the president 's ease at lying or directing his underling not to tell the truth . `` Stories that we were told were not true , Robert Mueller said were true , '' said ABC 's Cecilia Vega . `` It 's right here , in black and white . ''
 CNN 's Jake Tapper noted that `` it 's not a crime to the lie to the public . It 's not a crime to lie to reporter . ''
 `` Which is lucky for the White House , '' Anderson Cooper replied , `` because they do it all the time . ''
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump may not have obstructed justice , but it wa n't for lack of trying .
 Robert Mueller 's 448-page report take the American public inside the room with Trump a he expressed fear that the special counsel would end his presidency and made several attempt to get the people around him to curtail the probe into his campaign and Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election .
 Ultimately , Mueller found Trump 's inner circle saved him from himself . They refused to carry out order that could have crossed the line into obstructing justice .
 Some key takeaway from the report :
 TRUMP TRIED TO INFLUENCE THE RUSSIA PROBE
 Mueller detail several occasion .
 Some occurred in public . Others behind closed door . Trump ordered his White House counsel to try to have Mueller removed . He directed his former campaign manager to deliver a message to then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions to make a public statement calling the investigation `` very unfair . '' He also wanted Sessions to announce that Trump had done `` nothing wrong '' and to say that the investigation 's scope had been limited .
 But people around Trump either refused or quietly allowed the matter to drop .
 `` The president 's effort to influence the investigation were mostly unsuccessful , but that is largely because the person who surrounded the president declined to carry out order or accede to his request , '' the special counsel wrote .
 NO COLLUSION , BUT NO EXONERATION
 Barr wa generally right week ago when he released Mueller 's key finding .
 The special counsel did not find a criminal conspiracy between the Trump campaign and the Russian government to interfere in the 2016 presidential election . He did not recommend charging any Trump associate a agent of the Russian government or with campaign finance violation .
 But on the question of obstruction , Mueller said there wa evidence on both side of the question . He said some of Trump 's action related to potential `` garden variety '' obstruction .
 `` If we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the fact that the president clearly did not commit obstruction of justice , we would so state . Based on the fact and the applicable legal standard , we are unable to reach that judgment , '' Mueller wrote .
 IS THE REPORT GOOD OR BAD FOR TRUMP ?
 It depends on who you ask .
 Trump 's legal team claimed `` complete vindication '' by the report , and Barr emphasized at his news conference that there wa no evidence of collusion .
 Trump even tweeted out a Game of Thrones themed meme , saying `` For the hater and the radical left Democrats — Game Over . ''
 But the report describes in detail a president driven to interfere in the probe out of fear that it would `` call into question the legitimacy of his election '' and his own uncertainty that his family or associate may have violated the law .
 Mueller wrote that on multiple occasion Trump did thing that were `` capable of exerting undue influence over law enforcement investigation . '' Some of that wa in private , one-on-one encounter that witness relayed to the special counsel .
 But the president 's public act also raised question that they could have led witness to feel intimidated or alter their testimony , move that Mueller said were equally threatening to the `` justice system 's integrity . ''
 IGNORANCE OF THE LAW WAS A DEFENSE
 That wa the case for Donald Trump Jr. and a Trump Tower meeting with a Russian lawyer .
 In June 2016 , Trump Jr. agreed to take the meeting despite it being described in email a part of a Russian government effort to help his father . Trump Jr. wa looking for dirt that could be used against Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton .
 The meeting raised question about whether Trump Jr. and others violated the federal ban on foreign contribution to American political campaign .
 But Mueller , who interviewed many of the participant in the meeting , said he did n't find that he could bring a case .
 The special counsel wrote that it wa unlikely the government could prove that Trump , Jr. and others in the meeting `` had general knowledge that their conduct wa unlawful . ''
 MUELLER FELT HE COULD N'T CHARGE TRUMP— EVEN IN SECRET
 The report reveals some of Mueller 's reasoning behind why he did n't reach a conclusion on the question of obstruction .
 He say that he would have exonerated Trump if he could have , but he wa n't able to given the evidence he uncovered . Still , Mueller said that the Justice Department 's opinion that a sitting president could n't be indicted meant he also could n't recommend Trump be criminally charged , even if he made the recommendation in secret .
 That 's because Trump could not defend himself during a public trial while in office .
 In announcing the release of the redacted report , Attorney General William Barr said he asked Mueller during a meeting in early March about the matter . Mueller replied that he did n't recommend charge against Trump solely because a sitting president ca n't be indicted , Barr said .
 ___
 Associated Press writer Zeke Miller , Mary Clare Jalonick and Michael Balsamo contributed to this report .
 ___
 For complete coverage of the Mueller report , go to http : //www.apnews.com/TrumpInvestigations
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 `` No one is ever really gone , '' say the voice of Luke Skywalker in the first teaser trailer for `` Star Wars : Episode IX , '' which audience finally learned will be called `` Star Wars : The Rise of Skywalker '' Friday at a fan event in Chicago .
 The closely guarded film from director J.J. Abrams will put an end to the Skywalker saga that began over 40 year ago , but even a character and actor have passed on , the footage shown at Star Wars Celebration suggests that a with all `` Star Wars '' film , death is just a technicality a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away .
 Mark Hamill 's Skywalker may have died at the end of the most recent installment but his voice dominates the teaser trailer , telling someone , possibly Daisy Ridley 's Rey , that , `` this is your fight now . '' And audience got a tantalizing tease from another figure from the past : Emperor Palpatine from the original and prequel trilogy , whose ominous laugh close out the promotional spot .
 Carrie Fisher 's Leia Organa is back a well , despite the actress 's untimely passing in Dec. 2016 , thanks to unused footage from `` The Force Awakens '' which Abrams wa able to craft into it own narrative for this new film .
 `` You ca n't just recast and you ca n't just have her disappear , '' Abrams said . `` The idea of having a CG character wa n't even an option . ''
 He 's currently in the process of editing and adding visual effect to the film which will hit theater on Dec. 20 and said that despite Fisher 's death , `` We 're working with her every day . ''
 `` Princess Leia life in this film in way that is mind-blowing to me , '' Abrams said .
 Abrams wa joined on stage at the event by Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy and actor and droids alike including Ridley , Oscar Isaac ( Poe ) , John Boyega ( Finn ) , Kelly Marie Tran ( Rose ) , Joonas Suotamo ( Chewbacca ) , newcomer Naomi Ackie , who play a character named Jannah , Anthony Daniels ( C-3PO ) and even Billy Dee Williams , who reprises his role a Lando Calrissian in the new film after decade away .
 `` How did I find Lando again ? '' Williams said . `` Lando never left me . ''
 `` Star Wars '' superfan Stephen Colbert moderated the panel , doing his best to get the tight-lipped cast and creator to reveal anything about the film . Although no one cracked under pressure , Abrams did reveal some previously known detail , like the fact that `` The Rise of Skywalker '' will pick up `` some time '' after the event of `` The Last Jedi . ''
 `` This is an adventure that the group go on together , '' he teased , although he would n't reveal whether or not that meant the group on stage or some other combination .
 `` This movie is about this new generation and what they 've inherited , the light and the dark , '' Abrams added . `` As they face this greatest evil , are they prepared ? ''
 Besides Hamill , another person who wa n't in attendance wa Kylo Ren actor Adam Driver . Ren is the son of Han Solo and Leia , making him and his mother the only known Skywalkers left .
 When prodded about what will happen with the complex relationship between Kylo and Rey , Ridley demurred , `` I guess the Kylo and Rey thing , we 'll have to see . ''
 She added : `` I think I can confirm there are no more semi-naked Kylos . '' That 's a reference to the scene of a shirtless Driver in `` The Last Jedi '' that surprised fan .
 Although fan are salivating for any morsel of information , the panelist stayed a vague a possible , and kept thing light-hearted debating question like `` who 's a better pilot : Poe or Han '' and even taking a break so that the audience could sing an unprompted Happy Birthday to Ridley , who turned 27 on Wednesday .
 Kennedy , quoting George Lucas , said however that `` Episode IX '' is indeed the third act of a three-act structure .
 But , predictably , there are still more question than answer when it come to `` The Rise of Skywalker , '' especially what will come after .
 The Lucasfilm and Disney collaboration ha proved to be a lucrative one since Disney purchased the company in 2012 for $ 4 billion . Disney 's first two `` Star Wars '' film , `` The Force Awakens '' and `` The Last Jedi '' and it spinoffs , `` Rogue One '' and `` Solo , '' have already grossed more than $ 4.8 billion at the worldwide box office .
 As of now , there is a future for `` Star Wars '' on the big screen , but detail are sparse and date are non-existent . `` The Last Jedi '' director Rian Johnson is working on a new `` Star Wars '' trilogy and `` Game of Thrones '' showrunners D.B . Weiss and David Benioff are also at work on a `` movie series . ''
 Lucasfilm is expanding it small screen universe too beyond `` The Clone Wars '' with the Jon Favreau-directed series `` The Mandalorian , '' which will be available on Disney 's streaming service , DisneyPlus , when it launch on Nov. 12 , and there will be a `` Rogue One '' spinoff series focused on Diego Luna 's character Cassian Andor . With the company 's acquisition of 21st Century Fox 's entertainment property , too , Lucas ' original trilogy and prequels will also be available on the service .
 But who 's got time to think about the future when there are over two minute of brand new footage from `` The Rise of Skywalker '' to dissect ?
 ___
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Max Lugavere start every day with a glass of water and end it with putting on his blue blocker . In between , he force himself to work on his book , and he hang out with his brother , who live in the same building .
 By Shivani Vora
 Max Lugavere is the author of “ Genius Foods , ” a book about optimizing brain function through diet . The subject became personal for him when his mother , Kathy , wa given a diagnosis of dementia seven year ago , and he devoted himself to her care . She died last winter . “ Now that Mom is gone , I am even more obsessed with the topic , ” he said . Mr. Lugavere , 36 , is currently working on his second book and also ha a podcast , “ The Genius Life. ” He life with his brother Ben , 30 , a software engineer , and his cat , Delilah , in the Murray Hill neighborhood of Manhattan . Their brother Andrew , 33 , life in the same building and work in sale .
 WAKE UP , HYDRATE I ’ m up somewhere between 7 and 8 . I don ’ t use an alarm clock . I go straight into the kitchen and drink a tall glass of room-temperature water . I may sprinkle a bit of mineral salt in it which replenishes electrolyte .
 LIGHT , AIR Whether it ’ s winter or summer , I go out onto my terrace and do a few minute of deep breathing , stretching and meditation . I ’ m a big believer in getting in natural light in the morning because it aligns my circadian rhythm for the day .
 SCREEN TIME I ’ ll grab a cup of coffee that I ’ ve cold-brewed overnight and park myself in front of the computer to read the latest health related news . My go-to site are EurekAlert , Twitter , Science Daily and The New York Times . I also come up with a new post for my Instagram . I do one post a day and try to make it a interesting a possible .
 GET TO WORK I spend a good two hour working on my book . It ’ s all about how to live your best life and avoid cognitive decline through your diet and lifestyle .
 PROTEIN AND GREENS At around 11 , I ’ m finally ready to eat . At Eons , a fast casual Greek place in my neighborhood , I get a huge bowl of green with grass-fed beef or chicken . I also add beet and drench it with extra-virgin olive oil . The quality of the food is incredible . If I don ’ t go to Eons , I make two or three fried egg at home with a big bowl of green on the side .
 MOVE IT I like to get in some sort of activity every single day . I ’ m a member at Equinox , and I ’ ll go there and do a weight lifting routine . I may also do some high-intensity interval training like sprint on a bike or set of boxing .
 DAILY SAUNA Being in a sauna give me a lot of energy , and I ’ ve done research on the health benefit including on how sauna potentially reduce the risk of dementia . I love the sauna at Life Time Fitness on 42nd Street , and I ’ ll go in for two or three half-hour interval . I try to do this seven day a week . After the sauna , I take a plunge into the cold pool .
 FUN WITH GROCERIES For most people , food shopping is a pain , but I love it and spend at least an hour at different grocery store and farmer market . I love Fairway , Whole Foods , Trader Joe ’ s and the farmer market on Second Avenue and 33rd street .
 WRITING , ROUND TWO Back at home , I ’ m at the computer again . Writing a book take real commitment and is a lot of sweat . Sometimes , I ’ ll spend an entire day finessing a sentence . Other time , I ’ ll get lucky , and the word will just come out .
 THE FAMILY CHEF I always cook dinner for Ben , Andrew and me . My mom instilled an appreciation of cooking from when I wa young . I love simple , nutrient-dense meal and follow a Mediterranean-style template that favor using the highest-quality ingredient and letting those dictate the flavor of the dish . I ’ ll roast in-season vegetable with salt , pepper , garlic and extra-virgin olive oil . I ’ ll also roast a protein like a whole chicken , grass-fed steak or wild fish like salmon . I ’ ll toss together a leafy green salad and top it with extra-virgin olive oil .
 BROTHERHOOD The three of u sit down to dinner around 7 . We live in the same building but are so busy that dinner are the only time when we really connect . Ben and Andrew try to eat healthy like me , too , and seem to be happy with what I cook . Occasionally , we ’ ll open a bottle of red wine with our meal .
 BLUE BLOCKERS All of u will clean up together , and then we ’ ll move to the couch to get our TV fix . We ’ re into “ Game of Thrones ” and also like this BBC show called “ Killing Eve. ” At some point , I ’ ll put on my blue blocker , which are glass that block the blue light which TV ’ s , tablet and phone all emit . Ben and Andrew usually head to bed around midnight . I may do a little more writing and go to sleep myself .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By John Koblin
 Robert Greenblatt is a theater junkie . He keep a piano in his office . He wa an investor in “ Hamilton. ” He helped usher in an era of live musical on the broadcast network . And he ’ s friend with Dolly Parton .
 As of Monday , he is also the executive charged with the formidable task of bringing HBO into a more digital future without it Emmy-winning series “ Game of Thrones ” or “ Veep , ” both of which will end their run in the coming month .
 Mr. Greenblatt , 58 , wa named the chairman of entertainment at AT & T ’ s Warner Media , giving him oversight of TBS , TNT , a future streaming service and — the crown jewel — HBO . Thanks to a reorganization brought about by the veteran AT & T executive John Stankey , Mr. Greenblatt ha become one of the most powerful player in the industry .
 “ There are only a few thing I wanted to do , ” he said in a telephone interview . “ These opportunity in these kind of job aren ’ t open that often . ”
 Mr. Greenblatt , who go by Bob , wa the beneficiary of corporate change signaling that AT & T will not be a passive overseer of the medium empire it acquired last June for $ 85.4 billion . He spent much of the last two decade a the head of entertainment at Showtime and NBC , and his expertise make sense for a company that is looking to increase it output while trying to hang on to is core fan .
 His first big assignment will be to remake the structure that wa in place in the year when HBO , TBS and TNT were owned by Time Warner , under which HBO operated independently .
 The overarching goal is to produce enough quality content to make the new incarnation of AT & T — with it planned streaming service front and center — a fearsome competitor to the deep-pocketed tech company Netflix , Amazon , Hulu and Apple . Don ’ t forget the Walt Disney Company , which ha plan to enter the digital fray in a substantial fashion , thanks , in part , to the trove of content it acquired with it purchase of the bulk of 21st Century Fox for $ 71.3 billion .
 And Mr. Greenblatt will become the caretaker of something dear to those who have spent their Sunday night glued to “ Sex and the City , ” “ The Sopranos ” and “ Game of Thrones ” : HBO . The network ’ s chief executive , Richard Plepler , who had spent 27 year at the network , the last six at it head , announced his resignation last week .
 Mr. Greenblatt noted that he wa not some wildly out-of-the-box pick . “ I ’ m not a much a an outsider that could have been brought in , ” he said . “ I don ’ t want to just come in and upend everything and destroy what they ’ ve built . ”
 Mr. Greenblatt said he wa approached by Mr. Stankey , the longtime AT & T executive and Warner Media chief executive , last fall , not long after he had stepped down from NBC . Talks accelerated in January .
 “ I wa immediately excited about it , ” he said . “ Though not undaunted by it . You know from my history I like a challenge . ”
 A meaningful change will come about in short order : HBO ’ s center of gravity will shift from New York , Mr. Plepler ’ s base of operation , to Los Angeles , where Mr. Greenblatt built his career .
 He dreamed of being in show business when he wa growing up in Rockford , Ill. , about 90 mile from Chicago . “ Literally in the cornfield , ” Mr. Greenblatt said . He set his sight on becoming a producer when he saw “ That ’ s Entertainment ! ” , the 1974 film filled with clip from classic MGM musical . But he had no connection : His father worked on air-conditioners and heating system , and his mother wa a travel agent .
 Oddly , the Catholic high school he attended — “ He ’ s definitely got to be the only Catholic Robert Greenblatt in the world , ” Ms. Parton said when she presented him an award in 2011 — wa a musical-theater training ground . His classmate included Joe Mantello , who went on to be a Broadway director , and the musical star Marin Mazzie , who died last year .
 After piling up degree at the University of Illinois , the University of Wisconsin and the University of Southern California , Mr. Greenblatt landed a job at the Lorimar studio in the late 1980s . That wa where he worked with Peter Chernin , the executive and producer who would play a role in virtually every turn of his career in the year to come .
 “ Peter is my ultimate mentor , my uber mentor , ” Mr. Greenblatt said .
 Mr. Chernin left Lorimar for a new TV network — Fox — and persuaded Mr. Greenblatt to join him . The timing wa impeccable . Fox wa entering it go-go ’ 90 phase , with addictive soap like “ Beverly Hills 90210 ” and “ Melrose Place ” and the family drama “ Party of Five. ” Mr. Greenblatt also helped put “ The X-Files ” on the air , despite his initial hesitation .
 He decided to strike out on his own a a producer in the late 1990s , forming a studio with the producer David Janollari — with financial backing from 20th Century Fox , thanks to Mr. Chernin . In that role , he squired a few network show and had a critically acclaimed hit with “ Six Feet Under , ” Alan Ball ’ s darkly comic funeral-home series . It lasted five season on HBO and won the Golden Globe for best television drama in 2002 .
 “ I felt the HBO glow way back then , ” Mr. Greenblatt said .
 He rejoined the executive rank at Showtime , where Mr. Chernin had worked in the 1980s . “ When I wa at Showtime we were , of course , in the shadow of HBO , ” Mr. Greenblatt said .
 At the time , HBO wa known for gritty , male antihero like Tony Soprano . Showtime went in a slightly different direction under Mr. Greenblatt , programming show like “ Weeds ” with Mary Louise-Parker and “ Nurse Jackie ” with Edie Falco . A personal favorite for Mr. Greenblatt wa “ Dexter , ” starring the former “ Six Feet Under ” star Michael C. Hall . Showtime became a serious home for original programming on his watch , with the number of subscriber rising to 19 million , a 52 percent jump over his tenure there .
 In 2010 , a NBC wa trying to recover from the decision to replace it 10 p.m. drama with a nightly Jay Leno talk show , Comcast wa closing on it purchase of NBC Universal . When Comcast executive were looking for a new entertainment head , Mr. Chernin suggested his protégé .
 Mr. Greenblatt orchestrated a turnaround at NBC , taking it from last place to first among viewer 18 to 49 year old , who are prized by advertiser . At the network , he followed the strategy that he ha relied on throughout his career : find a difference-maker . At Fox , it wa programming teen-friendly soap when no one else wa doing them . At Showtime , it wa a new twist on the antihero . At NBC , it wa “ The Voice , ” the uplifting hug-in of a show that struck a new note in a genre dominated by the acerbic “ American Idol. ” And it wa not such a big jump from the heartwarming quality of “ The Voice ” to the unapologetically emotional NBC hit “ This Is Us . ”
 Mr. Greenblatt also made live musical an unexpected force on broadcast television , with NBC ’ s production of “ The Sound of Music , ” “ The Wiz , ” “ Hairspray ” and “ Jesus Christ Superstar , ” a winner of five Emmys . And he showed off his musical chop at an NBC presentation for advertiser , accompanying Ms. Parton on piano for a performance of her song “ I Will Always Love You . ”
 When Mr. Greenblatt left the network last September , he had his piano — an 1898 Steinway grand , with ivory key , which he bought at age 20 — moved from his NBC office to his home . But he wasn ’ t through with show business , saying at the time that he would love to run a company . Once again , his mentor stepped in .
 Mr. Chernin had a relationship with Mr. Stankey and AT & T ’ s chief executive , Randall Stephenson , having worked with them on a joint venture called Otter Media , a company AT & T bought last year .
 “ I know he had conversation with John and Randall about me over the last six month or so , ” Mr. Greenblatt said . ( Mr. Chernin declined to comment for this story . )
 Now that he ha the big job , the work begin . Mr. Greenblatt gave HBO ’ s programming president , Casey Bloys , a vote of confidence , saying he ha done an “ extraordinary job. ” He also pledged to be a “ friend to the creative programmer . ”
 “ Nothing is more exciting to me than , ‘ Who ’ s directing ? Who ’ s doing it ? ’ ” Mr. Greenblatt said . “ All of that is very exciting to me , and I have no doubt I ’ ll be plugged into all of that . ”
 Mr. Bloys announced last month that HBO would begin rolling out programming on Monday night , an example of the network ’ s expanded slate and beefed-up budget . Will that plan continue ?
 “ The Monday night thing , I haven ’ t thought much about , ” Mr. Greenblatt said . “ The scheduling of these network are always tricky , le so in the modern age , with streaming platform and watching thing when you want . There ’ s probably too much programming for Sunday , and maybe Monday make sense . ”
 In his new role , Mr. Greenblatt will split his time between HBO ’ s office in Santa Monica and the Turner Broadcasting office in Burbank . For the time being , he said , the piano will stay at home .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 WASHINGTON — For nearly two year , President Donald Trump and his ally sought to undermine special counsel Robert Mueller 's Russia probe , attacking investigator ' credibility and playing down their finding . As a redacted version of Mueller 's report wa finally released Thursday , Trump resorted to bluster , broadside and falsehood to try , once more , to frame the moment a a political victory .
 It began even before the public glimpsed the two volume covering 448 page . The report included an account of how the president attempted to seize control of the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election and force out Mueller from leading the inquiry . But that did n't stop Trump from taking a public victory lap , declaring at a White House event that he wa having `` a good day . ''
 Twelve time Trump took to Twitter in the hour before Attorney General William Barr outlined the finding of the report . The president proclaimed his innocence and insisted that the investigation wa politically motivated . As soon a Barr concluded his remark , and more than an hour before Mueller 's report wa released , Trump tweeted a taunt over an image inspired by the HBO show `` Game of Thrones . ''
 `` No Collusion . No Obstruction , '' it said . `` For the hater and the radical left Democrats — Game Over . ''
 But the report doe recount how Trump repeatedly sought to intervene in a probe that ha hovered over the first two year of his presidency . And it say Trump had been agitated by the investigation from the start , reporting that Trump reacted to Mueller 's appointment by saying it wa the `` end of his presidency . ''
 At Justice Department headquarters , reporter buzzed around a they awaited Barr and then the Mueller report . A few block away , there wa calm on one of the defining day of Trump 's presidency .
 The news medium were led into the White House East Room , just before the report came out , for Trump 's appearance with wounded warrior . While newsroom across the country digested the report , the White House guest , already seated while waiting for the president to arrive , were entertained by the U.S. Marine Band . Among the selection played : `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow . ''
 `` Knockout , '' read a text message from Rudy Giuliani , one of the president 's attorney , to reporter after Barr finished speaking .
 A further statement from Giuliani and Trump 's lawyer said `` the report itself is nothing more than an attempt to rehash old allegation '' and insisted that `` the result of the investigation are a total victory for the president . ''
 Current and former White House official eagerly rushed through the report . They scanned for their name to see what Mueller had said about them and how he had characterized their testimony , and wondered how those depiction might sit with a mercurial president .
 Staffers had been told by the White House to cooperate fully with Mueller 's team and answer their question truthfully . But many were nervous about how Trump would react to their testimony and whether it would damage their relationship with him .
 Talking point went out to Trump ally while his supporter ' phone buzzed with text message from the campaign looking to raise money off Thursday 's development .
 `` Now the table have turned , and it 's time to investigate the liar who instigated this sham investigation into President Trump , motivated by political retribution and based on no evidence whatsoever , '' said Trump 's re-election campaign manager , Brad Parscale .
 Donald Trump Jr , the president 's eldest son , wa featured prominently in the report for meeting with a Kremlin-connected lawyer at Trump Tower in June 2016 . Though the report said `` the campaign anticipated receiving derogatory document and information '' from Russians that `` could assist Trump 's electoral prospect , '' it said `` the government would unlikely be able to prove beyond a reasonable doubt '' that the participant at that meeting `` had general knowledge that their conduct wa unlawful . ''
 Though a seemingly backhanded exoneration , the younger Trump tweeted a series of attack on Democrats . `` Better luck next hoax ! '' he said .
 Senior White House adviser Kellyanne Conway said that because the White House did n't interfere with Mueller 's work , that `` should make people feel good about democracy . ''
 `` We 're accepting apology today , too , '' Conway told reporter , adding that Trump watched Barr , talked to his lawyer and wa in `` a great mood . ''
 The president , who normally talk to reporter on his way out of the White House , declined to speak a he left to spend the Easter weekend in Florida . But from Air Force One , he tweeted : `` I had the right to end the whole Witch Hunt if I wanted . I could have fired everyone , including Mueller , if I wanted . I chose not to . I had the RIGHT to use Executive Privilege . I did n't ! ''
 Appearing relaxed earlier Friday at a military event , Trump said a statue he 'd been presented with a a memento would have a permanent home `` at least for six year , in the Oval Office . ''
 As the audience applauded and laughed , Trump said he wa going to joke and say `` at least for 10 or 14 year , but we would cause bedlam if I said that . ''
 ___
 Lemire reported from New York .
 ___
 Follow Lemire on Twitter at http : //twitter.com/ @ JonLemire , Colvin at http : //twitter.com/ @ colvinj and Superville at http : //twitter.com/ @ dsupervilleap
 ___
 For complete coverage of the Mueller report , go to : http : //www.apnews.com/TrumpInvestigations
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Giovanni Russonello
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 Jimmy Fallon roasted Pete Buttigieg , the 37-year-old mayor of South Bend , Ind. , after he kicked off his campaign for president on Sunday . Buttigieg — who ha surged in the poll over the past few week — is the youngest candidate in the race , and he would be the youngest president in U.S. history .
 Fallon interrupted his monologue to give an impersonation of Buttigieg , slicking down his hair , rolling up the sleeve of his starched white shirt , and pitching his voice up just a notch . Mostly , he poked fun at the mayor for being wet behind the ear .
 “ By age 14 , I knew I wanted to be president of the United States . And , boy , the two year since have just flown by. ” — JIMMY FALLON , impersonating Buttigieg
 “ I ’ m a Rhodes scholar , a lieutenant in the United States Navy , and the two smartest kid in the world stacked on top of each other. ” — JIMMY FALLON , impersonating Buttigieg
 “ Nowadays , most of you recognize me from the rallying cry of hope and unity that I ’ ve stirred across the nation . But the rest of you know me from my hit series ‘ The Boy Who Became Mayor , ’ only on Disney Channel. ” — JIMMY FALLON , impersonating Buttigieg
 Most joke about Buttigieg have to do with his mouthful of a surname . But in his monologue , Jimmy Kimmel joked that his first name doesn ’ t sound very presidential , either .
 “ He would be our first openly gay president , and our first President Pete ! Which sound like a movie where Kevin James wind up in the White House , right ? ” — JIMMY KIMMEL
 When you live with your parent , do they still get to throw out your porn collection — even if you ’ re 40 year old ? That ’ s not an idle question . It ’ s currently the subject of a lawsuit in Indiana . James Corden took advantage of this slightly raunchy , more-than-slightly-depressing story .
 “ A divorced , 40-year-old man in Indiana is suing his own parent for throwing away his $ 29,000 collection of pornography . Yeah , and guess what , lady : He ’ s single ! ” — JAMES CORDEN
 “ He ’ s suing his own parent after they threw away his porn . Yeah , at least the man is consistent : He obviously like taking matter into his own hands. ” — JAMES CORDEN
 Trevor Noah , whose “ Daily Show ” is on break this week , paid a visit to “ The Late Show ” on Monday . But instead of sitting down a Stephen Colbert ’ s guest , he flipped the script .
 Noah sat behind Colbert ’ s desk and grilled him on where he get his news ( The New York Times , Drudge Report , Huffington Post , Reddit and Twitter ) , how difficult his first month at “ The Late Show ” were ( very ) , and why he doesn ’ t go out partying very often ( because the show ’ s audience , Colbert said , is “ all I care about , ” and because he ’ s 54 ) .
 “ Delta Air Lines ha announced it will be cutting it seat-recline distance in half to avoid dispute between passenger . ‘ Oh , we ’ ll find a way , ’ said a passenger holding a baby and a tuna sandwich. ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ Actress Lori Laughlin pleaded not guilty today to additional federal charge , including mail and wire fraud , in connection with the recent college admission scandal . Said her daughter : ‘ Um , how could my mom have committed mail fraud when she ’ s clearly female ? ’ ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ Woods ha had to overcome potentially career-ending injury to make it back to championship form . And it just go to show — it really doe — that you can achieve anything with hard work , perseverance and a multimillion-dollar Nike sponsorship . You can pull through. ” — JAMES CORDEN , on Tiger Woods ’ s win at the Masters on Sunday
 “ This isn ’ t good : Yesterday , Facebook and Instagram both experienced major outage . It wa terrible — people at Coachella couldn ’ t upload terrible , shaky video of all the performances. ” — JIMMY FALLON
 Here he is , folk : your next U.S. president , the talking rock .
 Conan O ’ Brien saw President Trump ’ s tweet about the fire at Notre-Dame cathedral in Paris . “ We ’ re all very grateful to the president , ” he said facetiously , “ for suggesting that in the case of fire , water and acting quickly might be the right idea . ”
 Alex Rodriguez , who is just back from attending the Masters , will get into shenanigan with Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday night .
 Here ’ s our recap of the much-discussed first episode of the final season of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
 The 25 Best Films of the 21st Century
 The Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Streaming Movie Review
 By Jason Bailey
 Even a detail were finally released earlier this week about “ Guava Island , ” the secret project that Donald Glover debuted at Coachella in advance of it Amazon Prime premiere Saturday , there wa some confusion a to what exactly it would be .
 It ’ s not a “ visual album , ” in the style of Beyoncé ’ s “ Lemonade ” or Janelle Monáe ’ s “ Dirty Computer , ” nor is it a feature-length jukebox narrative , à la “ Purple Rain. ” ( It run just shy of an hour . ) But if we learned anything from Glover and the director Hiro Murai ’ s previous collaboration on the FX series “ Atlanta , ” it ’ s that they don ’ t mind if their work is difficult to classify — if anything , they seem to revel in it .
 Dubbed a “ tropical thriller ” by Amazon , “ Guava Island ” ha the formal ingenuity and freewheeling tonality of “ Atlanta , ” but Glover and Murai are playing in a very different key here . If anything , it ’ s an expansion , musically and stylistically , of “ This Is America , ” the much-seen and much-discussed Murai-directed music video for Glover ’ s musical alter ego , Childish Gambino . ( The song is remixed and restaged here . )
 But the overall approach is lighter and poppier , appropriate to the tropical setting . Glover ’ s co-star , Rihanna , narrates the opening sequence , an animated history of the island framed a a folk legend and bedtime story , with a dash of fairy tale : she explains how young Deni ( Glover ) would come to her window every night to sing to her , a if she were some kind of Caribbean Rapunzel .
 Now a struggling musician , Deni dream of writing a song that will unite his people , though they seem a fairly close-knit community already — it ’ s the kind of place where everyone bid him a cheerful good morning a he hustle to the first of his many job , singing jingle on the radio . But it ’ s not all a fairy tale ; the ruthless Red Cargo ( Nonso Anozie , from “ Game of Thrones ” ) rule the island with an iron fist , and machine gun-slinging men patrol his factory floor .
 The plot of “ Guava Island ” is a thin a the Judy Garland-Mickey Rooney musical of it distant heritage : Deni ha planned a secret all-night music festival ( not unlike , say , a secret musical film ) , but it attendee would consequently not work on Sunday , which is deeply unacceptable to Red Cargo . He offer Deni $ 10,000 to cancel the event , explaining , “ I ’ m in charge of the people of this island . I have to do what ’ s best for everyone. ” No prize for guessing whether the show go on , though the consequence of that decision carry more weight than usual .
 Thus , it ’ s one of those story where the musical number are “ realistic ” ( kinda , sorta ) because the protagonist is a musician , and Murai take thankful pain to work the song into the fabric of the narrative . Yet there ’ s not a much music a one might expect , considering the pedigree of it star . Aside from Deni ’ s radio song , there are only a handful of musical number , most of them reworking existing Gambino track . ( Rihanna , even more surprisingly , doesn ’ t sing at all . )
 But there ’ s real juice to those sequence , which include a lovely , beachside rendering of “ Summertime Magic ” and a concert performance of “ Saturday ” that manages to stage the kind of joy that ’ s spontaneously captured in the best concert documentary , like “ Wattstax ” and “ Dave Chappelle ’ s Block Party. ” Onstage , Deni frame his event a “ a celebration of life — I want everyone here to feel a free a you possibly can tonight , ” and above all else , “ Guava Island ” is a paean to the pleasure of taking it easy . “ We live in paradise , ” Deni fume , “ but none of u have time or mean to actually live here ! ”
 Glover ha pinpointed “ Purple Rain ” and “ City of God ” a the film ’ s key influence , but it ’ s also filled with echo of the 1973 Jimmy Cliff vehicle “ The Harder They Come , ” another story of an island musician ’ s brush with the criminal underworld . The casually gorgeous , sun-soaked photography ape that film ’ s grainy , 16-millimeter aesthetic ( the cinematographer is Christian Sprenger , who also shoot “ Atlanta ” ) , and delivers a timeless , throwback quality ; if not set in the past , the picture is rooted in a world that ’ s stuck there , where no one ha a smartphone and everyone still listens to the radio .
 The film ’ s primary shared attribute with “ Atlanta ” is it cockeyed , eccentric worldview , a matter-of-fact acceptance of everyday absurdity . ( When Deni is kidnapped and taken to see Red Cargo , he ’ s sternly told to make a nametag . ) That approach prof adaptable to the thriller element , particularly considering Glover ’ s gift for reactive comedy — he can get a laugh with something a simple a a shifted gaze or even a dumbfounded deadpan .
 Rihanna , rather depressingly , ha little more to do than to be “ the girl ” : inspire Deni with her beauty , worry about his safety , and ( the oldest and moldiest of trope ) try to decide when and how to tell him she ’ s pregnant . It ’ s a dispiriting waste of such a fiery , complicated performer . But she and Glover have movie-star chemistry and charisma to burn , and Murai know to lean into the glorious , off-the-cuff moment when she succumbs to her love ’ s plea and dance , ever so briefly , alongside him . Letitia Wright , so frisky and engaging in “ Black Panther , ” likewise doesn ’ t get much to do , but the chillingly affable Anozie make the most of his minimal screen time .
 “ Guava Island ” wa made in Cuba , and a remote , location shoot with a chummy , insular crew could have resulted in an Adam Sandler-style throwaway , merely an excuse for a paid vacation in a sunny locale . But in this light , playful effort , the offhanded breeziness is a feature , not a bug . The script is by Glover ’ s brother Stephen , also of “ Atlanta , ” but the story is credited to both men and three more “ Atlanta ” writer . And that track ; it feel very much like a movie a bunch of friend thought up late one night , perhaps while sharing a blunt , a a party wa winding down . This is meant a a compliment .
 Movie data powered by IMDb.com
 Guava IslandNot Rated . Running time : 55 minute .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Anthony Tommasini
 The Machine is back . But doe it still creak ?
 This question loomed over the return , on Saturday afternoon , of Robert Lepage ’ s production of Wagner ’ s “ Das Rheingold ” to the Metropolitan Opera after a six-year absence .
 Mr. Lepage ’ s ambitious staging of Wagner ’ s four-opera “ Ring ” cycle relies on a massive , complex set : 24 plank that rotate like seesaw on an axis that can rise and fall . This 44-ton “ Machine , ” a it became widely known , wa prone to glitch on a Wagnerian scale , starting when “ Das Rheingold , ” the first installment , wa introduced in 2010 .
 The plank can be twisted into sculptural set piece and bathed in intricate video imagery . Debate among Wagner lover over the Lepage “ Ring ” wa heated from the start . But there wa one thing everyone agreed on : The Machine too often squeaked and groaned when it kicked into action .
 After a major retooling , it ha been tamed — well , mostly . There were occasional creaking sound on Saturday . But thing seemed to work smoothly .
 Those who were captivated by the staging year ago will be pleased to see the three mermaidlike Rhinemaidens , suspended from wire , seeming to cavort in the actual water of the river , video-projection oxygen bubble floating from their mouth to the surface , and pebble on the riverbed rustling to their touch . We get an aerial view of the god Wotan and his trickster ally Loge walking sideways on a grand staircase down to the realm of Nibelheim in search of the dwarf Alberich .
 But for me , the noise and the glitch were never the real problem with this production . My main issue wa that Mr. Lepage seemed to have scant interpretive insight into a work that , since it 1876 premiere , ha been seized upon by generation after generation a an allegory about roiling issue of the time : a Marxist narrative of class struggle ; a cautionary tale about the corrupting influence of power ; a warning about environmental destruction ; an absurdist reflection of nihilistic leadership .
 There ’ s certainly much in our world with which the “ Ring ” resonates . But if Mr. Lepage ha idea about the relevance of the cycle today — or even about who Wagner ’ s character are and how they relate to each other — little of that come through .
 Even though the set seemed to be working , the cast is clearly distracted by the physical demand of the production . It wa hard not to fear for the feisty tenor Norbert Ernst , making his Met debut a Loge , when he had to walk backward up steep plank to report on the approach of the two giant . Why backward ? Well , the wire securing him wa attached to his back . There wa no way Mr. Ernst could make this moment look natural .
 The good news is the eloquent and urgent performance of Wagner ’ s score that the conductor Philippe Jordan drew from the orchestra . Back at the Met for the first time since 2007 , Mr. Jordan , 44 , currently the music director of the Paris Opera , will assume the directorship of the Vienna State Opera in 2020 .
 I hope this busy conductor can make time to appear at the Met in the future . He led a refreshingly lithe and transparent account of “ Rheingold , ” keeping thing fleet and colorful during playful stretch , but drawing out dark , heaving undercurrent when the music turned ominous . There were a few too many passing fumble in the brass to ignore . Still , Wagner ’ s two-and-a-half-hour score seemed to flow right by .
 The standout member of the cast wa Tomasz Konieczny , a powerhouse bass , in a breakthrough Met debut a Alberich . I tend to prefer portrayal that bring out Alberich ’ s suffering and bitterness ; with a big , penetrating voice that can slice through the orchestra , Mr. Konieczny made Alberich sneering and dangerous .
 Once he steal the gold , forge the magic ring and becomes the god ’ powerful nemesis , this Alberich dominated the rest of the opera , rather than , a usual , a stentorian Wotan . In that role , the bass-baritone Greer Grimsley wa solid , but for whole stretch his voice wa leathery and dry .
 He came across a the suffering one , a god who already feared his time had come and gone . He seemed outmatched by this Alberich , with a breast-plated costume , looking like a kitschy reject from “ Game of Thrones , ” that didn ’ t lend him dignity .
 As Fricka , Wotan ’ s wife , the mezzo-soprano Jamie Barton seemed to be holding back some of the natural power in her voice . The result , though , wa an unusually lustrous-toned and feminine Fricka . The soprano Wendy Bryn Harmer brought gleaming sound and intensity to the frantic goddess Freia , whom Wotan glibly promise to the giant Fasolt and Fafner ( Günther Groissböck and Dmitry Belosselskiy , both excellent ) a payment for building his castle in the sky .
 The rich-toned mezzo-soprano Karen Cargill , a the all-knowing earth goddess Erda ; the reedy tenor Gerhard Siegel , a Mime , mercilessly bullied by his brother Alberich ; Adam Diegel and Michael Todd Simpson , a the god Froh and Donner ; Amanda Woodbury , Samantha Hankey and Tamara Mumford , a the three Rhinemaidens : All sang strongly .
 But the singer never came together a a cast and seemed too often stranded on their own , a continuing shortcoming of this production .
 During the ovation at the end , the backstage crew came onstage to share in the applause . It wa a generous gesture . They are the real hero of Mr. Lepage ’ s “ Ring . ”
 Das Rheingold Other performance March 9 , March 14 , April 29 and May 6 . The “ Ring ” run , both a separate opera and a cycle , through May 11 at the Metropolitan Opera , Lincoln Center ; 212-362-6000 , metopera.org



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Twenty year later , we still have n't partied like we did in 1999 .
 By Ross Douthat
 Opinion Columnist
 There ’ s a theory of human psychology that hold that the time you enter maturity becomes fixed in your mind a a civilizational peak — with everything since a falling-off that conveniently match your own stagger toward the grave . Thus it doesn ’ t matter if you came of age in the Great Depression or some other nadir ; because you were 18 then , it must have been a golden age .
 Some of u are lucky , though : Our solipsism actually match the wave function of history , and the moment we entered adulthood really wa a peak . That ’ s the case for my cohort , for Americans born around 1980 . Whether you choose to call u “ Xennials ” or “ Generation Catalano ” ( after the heartthrob on “ My So-Called Life , ” our first teen show ) , the important thing is that we became legal adult at the end of the 1990s , and bliss it wa in that time to be alive .
 Not that we knew it then , of course , because no punk 18-year-old know anything . But I ’ ve been thinking about how good we had it lately because we ’ re 20 year out from 1999 , and the cultural press is thick with reminder that it wa a pop-culture annus mirabilis — from the premiere of “ The Sopranos ” that defined a golden age of television , to the yearlong cascade of brilliant movie ( The Ringer recently wrote up a top 50 film list for ’ 99 ; in 2019 it wa a struggle to write up a top 10 ) from a Hollywood not yet captive to the superhero era .
 Widen the aperture a little , so that the “ Xennial ” cultural era cover 1995 to 2005 , and you get everything from the perfection of the sitcom ( late “ Seinfeld , ” season one of “ Friends , ” the silver age of “ The Simpsons , ” “ Arrested Development ” ) to the peak of HBO ( when “ The Wire ” and “ The Sopranos ” and “ Deadwood ” and “ Sex and the City ” were all airing ) . Oh , and those were also the day when George R.R . Martin could publish three “ Game of Thrones ” novel in five year , inventing all the good part of the TV show ’ s plot in an end-of-millennium rush .
 De gustibus non est disputandum , and if you prefer a zillion algorithmically-generated Netflix show and endless Marvel sequel to “ The Matrix ” and “ The Sopranos , ” then God bless you . But cold hard economic data also suggest that ours wa a uniquely blessed coming-of-age : a time of low unemployment , surging productivity , strong working-class wage growth — and all without a huge overhang of public and private debt .
 In March , a Time magazine writer , Charlotte Alter , attracted some conservative sneer on Twitter for explaining the youthful vogue for socialism by arguing that Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez ’ s generation had a coming-of-age “ defined by financial crisis , debt & climate change … No wonder she and her peer are moving left . ”
 The sneerer argued that the Ocasio-Cortezans exaggerate the burden borne by twentysomethings , which is fair — this is still a rich country whose young people are relatively privileged .
 But a a statement about generational experience , Alter wa basically right . If you were born around 1980 , you grew up in a space happily between — between era of existential threat ( Cold War/War on Terror , or Cold War/climate change ) , between foreign policy debacle ( Vietnam/Iraq ) , between epidemic ( crack and AIDS/opioids and suicide ) , and between two different period of economic stagnation ( the ’ 70 and early Aughts ) . If you were born later , you experienced slow growth followed by financial crisis followed by a recovery that ’ s only lately returned u to the median-income and unemployment stats of … 1999 .
 And even with under-4 percent unemployment , the difference between our economy and 1999 ’ s are notable : Our current expansion feature lower work force participation rate and weaker productivity growth , a fertility collapse instead of the modest 1990s baby boom … plus it ’ s all floated by deficit that seem necessary but aren ’ t a sign of deep economic health .
 But perhaps the best way to understand the lost world of 20 year ago is that it wa the just-enough-internet era . There wa just enough internet to boost economic productivity ( the Facebook-Amazon era ha not had a similar effect ) , just enough to encourage subcultural ferment , just enough to challenge cultural gatekeeper and give lonely teenager succor . It wa the early blogosphere instead of Twitter mob , serendipity instead of ruthless curation , geek culture a an insurgency rather than a corporate establishment , online a an escape for eccentric rather than an addictive dystopia for everyone .
 Still , we should have seen the bad day coming . The filmmaker of 1999 did , a Reason magazine ’ s Jesse Walker noted when The Ringer ’ s top-100 list came out . “ Election , ” “ The Matrix , ” “ Fight Club , ” “ The Blair Witch Project , ” “ Office Space , ” “ The Talented Mr. Ripley , ” even ( God help u ) “ The Phantom Menace ” … it ’ s all there , everything that followed , class anxiety and workplace alienation , end-of-history discontent and internet-fueled hoax , disputed election and virtual-reality prison , plus a tottering republic waiting for it Palpatine .
 We should have listened . Instead , we took that stupid red pill from “ The Matrix , ” and now we ’ ll never find our way back up .
 The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letter to the editor . We ’ d like to hear what you think about this or any of our article . Here are some tip . And here ’ s our email : letter @ nytimes.com .
 A previous version of this article misstated the type of best movie list for 1999 published by the website The Ringer . It wa a top 50 list , not a top 100 .
 Ross Douthat ha been an Opinion columnist for The Times since 2009 . He is the author of several book , most recently , “ To Change the Church : Pope Francis and the Future of Catholicism. ” You can follow him on Twitter : @ DouthatNYT
 You can follow him on Twitter : @ DouthatNYT
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Tiffany Hsu
 The legion of reporter and commentator following every move by Robert S. Mueller III , the special counsel , do not know when he will finish investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election . And it is unclear whether the report he is expected to file will ever become public .
 That hasn ’ t stopped two publisher from setting a date , March 26 , for when people can buy their book version of the eagerly anticipated document . One online outlet is already describing one of those book a a bona fide hit .
 Amazon ’ s listing for “ The Mueller Report : The Final Report of the Special Counsel into Donald Trump , Russia and Collusion , ” carry a “ best seller ” label based on pre-orders . On Barnes & Noble ’ s website , the publisher Skyhorse is promoting the $ 9.40 paperback — with Mr. Mueller and the Department of Justice a author — a “ required reading . ”
 For $ 10.50 , reader can also put in an advanced order for “ The Mueller Report ” from The Washington Post and the Simon & Schuster imprint Scribner , which bill the report a “ the most anticipated investigative document of this century . ”
 The question of when Mr. Mueller will file his report ha been a topic of heated speculation for some time , with the fever rising in recent week . But his investigation is among the most tightly guarded government operation in memory . The “ Game of Thrones ” series finale probably ha a better chance of being leaked than detail from inside Mr. Mueller ’ s inquiry .
 Do the publisher know something everyone else doesn ’ t ?
 It turn out , they do not . The publishing date for the Skyhorse book is “ fluid , ” Nick Magliato , a project editor for the company , said on Thursday . To clear up any confusion , the company plan to add a note specifying that the listed date is only a placeholder .
 Mr. Magliato said those working on the Skyhorse project initially thought the Mueller report would come this week , giving them time to read , typeset and print a hard copy by March 26 , with an e-book available in under 48 hour .
 What if Attorney General William P. Barr chooses not to make large part of it public ? Will buyer of the Skyhorse book , listed at 960 page , receive something the size of “ Gone With the Wind ” with many page of shruggie emoticon ? Or will the book perhaps be similar to another title now available on Amazon , “ A Comprehensive Review of the Lies in the Mueller Report : Exhaustive Analysis of Each and Every Specific Lie , ” which feature more than 100 blank page .
 The listed page count of Skyhorse ’ s book “ is a complete guess ” and is subject to change , Mr. Magliato said .
 And if the content of the report are kept entirely confidential ?
 “ Then we don ’ t publish it , unfortunately , ” Mr. Magliato said . Advance order would be canceled and payment refunded , he said . ( That happened , he said , when the right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos lost his book deal with Simon & Schuster in 2017 ) .
 Brian Belfiglio , Scribner ’ s publicity director , said his company had also settled on March 26 a a placeholder date for The Post ’ s book because retailer planning to sell it wanted something specific for their online listing . If the report is made public sooner , he said , the book will be published sooner . If the result are delayed , the sale date will be pushed back .
 The Post plan to supplement it version with reporting and commentary by the newspaper ’ s reporter . In a statement , Martin Baron , The Post ’ s executive editor , said the book would help “ in providing context and perspective ” during “ a supremely important moment in American history . ”
 Skyhorse , an independent publisher , ha lined up Alan Dershowitz , a Harvard Law School professor whose criticism of Mr. Mueller ’ s investigation ha won him praise from President Trump and disdain from the Martha ’ s Vineyard elite , to write an introduction . The publisher , whose recent title include book about WikiLeaks , the video game Fortnite , slow cooker recipe and a sloth , previously published Mr. Dershowitz ’ s book “ The Case Against the Democratic House Impeaching Trump . ”
 The Skyhorse website ’ s page ha a section for review , which includes this blurb from the journalist Dan Rather : “ There ’ s never been anything like this in American history. ” The website doe not say the quote is from a CNN segment in August , or that he wa talking about President Trump ’ s political and legal problem .
 Despite being listed by Skyhorse a an author , Mr. Mueller would not receive any profit from a book bearing his name . Under federal law , work prepared by United States government is in the public domain .
 Books based on government report are not unusual , and they sometimes gain commercial success .
 In 1998 , The Post and the publisher Public Affairs released “ The Starr Report : The Findings of Independent Counsel Kenneth W. Starr on President Clinton and the Lewinsky Affair , ” a paperback version of the report prepared by Mr. Starr , the independent counsel .
 The book , along with two other edition , hit the top of The New York Times ’ s best-seller list when it wa released , said Jaime Leifer , the publicity director for PublicAffairs . It ha sold 160,000 copy to date .
 Follow Tiffany Hsu on Twitter : @ tiffkhsu .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 transcript
 With Ross Douthat , Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt
 And what doe America ’ s sex recession mean for the country ?
 Thursday , April 4th , 2019
 michelle goldberg
 I ’ m Michelle Goldberg .
 ross douthat
 I ’ m Ross Douthat .
 david leonhardt
 I ’ m David Leonhardt . And this is “ The Argument. ” This week , is Joe Biden what the Democratic Party need right now , or should he step aside ?
 ross douthat
 I ’ m Joe Biden , and , yes , I am out of step with where a lot of leader in the Democratic Party are going .
 david leonhardt
 Then , America ’ s sexual recession— what is causing it ?
 michelle goldberg
 Young men need to step up .
 david leonhardt
 And finally , a recommendation .
 ross douthat
 He wa Stephen King , baby .
 david leonhardt
 Joe Biden did not have a good week—
 news clip
 Former Vice President Joe Biden is now accused of inappropriate touching .
 david leonhardt
 —which then led to a big discussion about whether Biden wa a relic from another era . Away from the medium scrum , though , Biden still look like the strongest Democrat in the 2020 field . Huge number of voter say they like him , especially Democrats . He still hasn ’ t announced whether he ’ s running , but he seems likely to do so in coming week . In previous episode on this show , we focused on other candidates— Kamala Harris , Bernie Sanders , Elizabeth Warren . Today , we are going to talk about Biden . Michelle , you should go first . You were already negative about him before last week ’ s event . So tell u why you ’ re so down on Joe Biden .
 michelle goldberg
 I don ’ t think it ’ s fair to say that I ’ m down on Joe Biden . I ’ m down on him a a candidate , not a a person , right ? I have a lot of residual affection for Joe Biden . I think , unlike a lot of other feminist writer I know , he wa a great vice president to Obama . He pushed that administration in good direction . He ’ s a charming figure . I think that there are a lot of reason why I hope that he doesn ’ t run for president . And this handsy thing that is now becoming an issue , in some way , is the least of it , although I think it ’ s a symbol of just that he ’ s out of step with the more of the progressive movement . So this thing that ’ s going on now with Lucy Flores and Amy Lappos is playing out in a way that I think is pretty painful . Because I feel like the two side are really misunderstanding each other . On the one hand , you have Joe Biden ’ s defender , who see this a an example of absurd # MeToo overkill , and are we really trying to outlaw platonic gesture of affection ? And to them , this look like a coordinated hit and the weaponization of this movement . And then , on the other side , you have people who are trying to say , no , nobody ’ s saying that Joe Biden sniffing your hair or nuzzling your hair or kissing the back of your head or rubbing your nose against his— nobody ’ s saying that ’ s sexual assault . Nobody ’ s even saying that ’ s sexual harassment . They ’ re just saying that it make them really uncomfortable and feel like an invasion of their personal space in a way that— woman are now increasingly articulating how that make them uncomfortable and self-conscious , and they don ’ t want to put up with it anymore . And so , to me , the problem is that we ’ re fighting about whether Joe Biden is a good candidate on this issue of how we feel about these sort of ambiguous accusation by Lucy Flores when the problem is really that his entire record is just not right for this moment .
 ross douthat
 Yeah , I think that ’ s right . And I wrote a column this week that I think is kind of a complement to the argument Michelle is making . And I ’ m curious what you guy think of the argument that , basically , if Biden wanted to run for the nomination and win— and in order to win , he would need to give people a real reason to vote for him in a crowded , divided field where there are lot of likeable candidate . I think you could make a case that he would need to lean in to the very problem Michelle is identifying , right , and basically say , hi . Yeah , I ’ m Joe Biden , and yes , I am out of step with where a lot of activist and leader in the Democratic Party are going . I do have a record that ’ s a little more moderate , or centrist , in way that liberal on the left don ’ t like . And I ’ m going to own it . And I ’ m going to try and basically rally the part of the Democratic Party— and there is still a part of the Democratic Party that isn ’ t all the way to where Bernie Sanders is on economics , isn ’ t all the way to where a lot of the party is on race and sexual harassment and these kind of thing . And I think if Biden did that , he would be able to assemble not a majority coalition but this kind of plurality coalition . He would be doing , in a way , a version of what Trump did in the Republican primary , where you say , look , I ’ m going to get 30 percent .
 michelle goldberg
 So part of the reason I think he couldn ’ t do that— not that he shouldn ’ t do that but that he couldn ’ t do that— is because so many part of that record are really thing that can ’ t be defended on their merit , right ? He can ’ t go out there and defend his vote for the Iraq war . He can ’ t go out there and defend his vote for Glass-Steagall , which rolled back some regulation on banking in a way that a lot of people believe set the table for the financial crisis in 2008 and that Biden ha called one of his greatest-ever regret . He can ’ t go back and defend his treatment of Anita Hill when he himself ha said that it wa really unfair how she wa treated .
 ross douthat
 No , he can ’ t do that . But he could defend some element of his record on , let ’ s say , race and crime and abortion . And he could basically say , I ’ m going to be the candidate who say it ’ s O.K . to be a Democrat who voted for the Partial-Birth Abortion Act . I ’ m going to say it ’ s O.K . to be a Democrat who doesn ’ t agree with the idea of reparation . I ’ m going to be a Democrat who defends Bill Clinton ’ s record , right ? He could defend Bill Clinton ’ s record on crime , which a lot of liberal really find appalling now , but not all Democrats do . I think there ’ s a story he could tell—
 michelle goldberg
 Even Bill Clinton , though , ha renounced the crime bill , right ? Even Bill Clinton isn ’ t defending that record anymore .
 ross douthat
 That ’ s true . No , this is why I don ’ t think Biden will do this . I expect that if he run , he will run a a figure who doesn ’ t try to defend his record at all , or basically just reduces his record to his year a Obama ’ s vice president and say , I get it . I ’ m on board with the new progressive consensus . But I ’ m a kind of bridge to the future . This is why they ’ re talking about a one-term pledge and so on . And I think that kind of run will be a total disaster , and he will collapse Jeb Bush style . Because it doesn ’ t give anyone a reason to actively support him . But I think the kind of run I ’ m imagining ha more potential to get him the nomination but at the cost of making him this incredibly divisive figure who ’ s hated by a big portion of the party . And I ’ m curious what David , a our moderate , think about that .
 david leonhardt
 I guess I think that politics are a little le literal than we journalist often treat it a . I don ’ t think most voter are out there toting up Joe Biden ’ s history of policy position . And I think there are a huge number of voter who are medium- to low-information voter and who feel positively about Joe Biden . And I ’ m not super excited about his candidacy , but I really want him to run because I think in 2016 the Democratic Party got a lesson in the problem of essentially trying to decide the primary before it had even begun . And I do think there is a larger group of Democrats— Ross , you identified them a , basically , suburban moderate and culturally moderate African-Americans and Latinos and others— who are not exactly where a lot of the energy on the progressive left is right now . And I think it would be healthy for the party to find out , well , exactly how many voter like that are there ? And the way I read the polling , Joe Biden is the most popular Democrat coming into the race . And so I guess , Michelle , my question for you is I get why you hope he ’ s not the nominee . But to me , that ’ s a little bit different from hoping he doesn ’ t run . Wouldn ’ t it be better if he ran and either won and showed that this really is where people are , or lost , and people like you , who don ’ t like him , would be able to say , see ? Joe Biden ’ s not the answer .
 michelle goldberg
 Well , again , I would go back to the fact that I do like him . And honestly , part of it is that I don ’ t really want to see Joe Biden go out there and be humiliated , right ? I don ’ t really want to see other candidate disassemble his record . And right now , he go out a a popular vice president , elder statesman . I understand why he want to risk all that , but I don ’ t think he should . And the reason I don ’ t want him to run is just I don ’ t really feel like it would be useful or healthy . I also didn ’ t want Bernie Sanders to run . I just feel like it ’ s not useful or healthy to go back and relitigate a lot of this stuff . I don ’ t want to relitigate the 2016 election , and I certainly don ’ t want to relitigate the ‘ 90 or the Iraq war . I just think that the debate could be much more forward-looking . And if there are moderate voter out there who just want some sort of nice , safe-seeming white guy , the Democratic Party ha some of those . It doesn ’ t have to be someone who ’ s 76 and ha a bunch of position that he now want to disavow .
 david leonhardt
 So to me , the candidate who had the best possibility of appealing to moderate voter , many of them are not running , or some of them are really struggling . So Deval Patrick , who ’ s African-American and the former governor of Massachusetts , not running . Mitch Landrieu— white , New Orleans mayor— not running . Sherrod Brown , whom we ’ ve talked about before , Ohio senator , not running . Amy Klobuchar is running but is struggling . I guess , Michelle , who do you see— I realize you don ’ t think this is how the Democrats should make the decision— but who besides Biden do you see a the figure in the race who ha a natural appeal to those kind of swing voter ?
 michelle goldberg
 Well , it look like our bos ’ s brother ’ s going to get in , right ? Michael Bennet , it look like he ’ s going to get in . I think , potentially , Mayor Pete , even though there ’ s a lot of reason why you don ’ t need a 37-year-old candidate who is the mayor of a minor city in Indiana . But I think that he probably really appeal to some of that constituency . And Kamala Harris , frankly , whose major issue ha been improving teacher pay , which , I would imagine , is a really popular issue with suburban parent and is the rare issue that unites both the teacher union and the charter school reform neoliberal sector of the Democratic Party .
 david leonhardt
 But in a way , I think the way Kamala Harris ha run show why it would be good if Biden run . So stick with me for just one second here , which is , I agree Kamala Harris could run a sort of a moderate , right ? She could talk about her record a a prosecutor . She could talk about all the thing you were just talking about . That ’ s not how she ’ s running . She ’ s running by talking about the joy that marijuana brings . She ’ s running very much by trying to appeal to this progressive energy . And it seems to me that it would be healthier for the Democratic Party to have top-tier candidate who both are trying to appeal to the progressive energy and are trying to appeal toward this large part of the Democratic primary electorate who are le political and more moderate . And my concern is that Biden is basically the giant among those potential candidate . And if he doesn ’ t run , the Democrats might be doing themselves a disservice .
 ross douthat
 Well , I think it ’ s pretty clear right now that if Biden doesn ’ t run , the competition for the moderate white guy lane is going to come down to probably Beto and Buttigieg , if I ’ m pronouncing Mayor Pete ’ s last name right . And I think you ’ ve got Beto O ’ Rourke , he ’ s out there doing vague uplift with very little policy . And Buttigieg is a sort of heartland technocrat , the sort of Mitch Daniels of the Democratic Party . And those are both brand that are more centrist , in some general way , than the brand that Harris and , certainly , Sanders and Elizabeth Warren have . And I think that doe make , in a sense , David ’ s case for him , in a way . Because whatever you think about Joe Biden , he probably ha more business being president of the United States than Beto and Buttigieg . I just don ’ t think he ’ s going to want the kind of primary where he really run a a moderate . And in the end , I think if he can ’ t do that , then those voter are going to defect to the excitement of Mayor Pete or the excitement of Beto or maybe the Minnesota fury of Amy Klobuchar . And he ’ s going to lose , anyway .
 michelle goldberg
 I worry about the poison of this debate about Biden that sort of borrows some of the moral force of # MeToo to talk about something that ’ s actually quite different than # MeToo , which is his chronic handsiness and kind of outsized physical affection . The debate itself , it make me really sad for everybody involved . And I just don ’ t see what good can come of it . There ’ s so much bad faith and so much misunderstanding and so much personal embarrassment and personal destruction . I just really worry about where it ’ s going .
 ross douthat
 Yeah . I think Biden can ’ t get through that issue without making his own handsiness a kind of cause celébre for part of the party , right ? The part of the party that think it ’ s fine , he need that part of the party to mobilize around him in a way that would be a kind of # MeToo ha gone too far coalition . And there , too , that ’ s divisive .
 michelle goldberg
 But he doesn ’ t want to be that guy . In part , look , one of his signature issue with Obama wa campus sexual assault . He doesn ’ t want to be out there a the person being like , I ’ ll nuzzle whoever I want .
 ross douthat
 [ LAUGHING ] No , and that is , I think , in certain way , the best counterargument is that Biden ’ s own choice under Obama make it clear that he doesn ’ t want to be the fighting moderate that he wa for much of his career , that he want to be seen a a progressive leader , even if his record doesn ’ t back it up historically . And to the extent that ’ s true , then you ’ re not going to get a guy to run a campaign he just doesn ’ t want to run .
 david leonhardt
 I still think he ’ s a stronger candidate than a lot of this discussion suggests when you look at the polling and you look at his number . And I ’ m just talking now about his number among Democrats . But he doe have some big weakness , starting with his age . So what do you each think about a couple of the specific idea about Biden ? I think the idea that he would announce he would serve only one term is a terrible idea . I think it just focus attention on his weakness . Do either of you like it more than I do ?
 michelle goldberg
 No . Because it ’ s sort of acknowledging that he ’ s too old , right ? And I don ’ t think the candidate should be in his 70 . My biggest reservation about Elizabeth Warren , who I love , is that she ’ s in her 60 . Look at all of the successful Democratic president of not just our generation but well before we were born , right ? They are all insurgent young men . The one exception would be LBJ . But even he wa 56 , even though he looked like he wa 70 . Democrats have always , in the recent and not so recent past , done better a the party of youth and energy and change .
 david leonhardt
 Ross , if I ’ m right to assume that you also don ’ t like the one-term idea , what do you think about the idea of him announcing a vice presidential pick , specifically Stacey Abrams , the young , dynamic Georgian who came close to winning the governor ’ s race out of the gate ? What do you think of that idea ?
 ross douthat
 I think it ’ s also a bad idea . And Abrams ha semi-taken herself out of consideration for that , right , which is understandable . Because if you ’ re Stacey Abrams , why do you want to lash yourself to a campaign that might collapse upon it first contact with political reality ?
 michelle goldberg
 I also think , in term of his out of touchness , this thing of kind of floating Stacey Abrams without actually talking to Stacey Abrams beforehand really infuriated a lot of people . And I feel like if you understand the dynamic of politician of this generation , you would have understood that that would infuriate her and her ally .
 ross douthat
 And it ’ s making subtext text . Instead of implying that you , Joe Biden , will be a bridge to a different Democratic future , you ’ re showing up and saying , here : here ’ s my young African-American running mate , who will succeed me very soon so you can vote for me . I just feel like it invite the kind of ridicule and the sense of incipient weakness that did in Jeb Bush in a different context but a similar one , in certain way , just a few year ago . I think if Biden is running , he need to run a a front runner . He need to go in and say , I ’ ve got the poll number . I ’ m going to have the money . Voters like me . I ’ m here . I ’ m playing to win . And all of these move don ’ t seem like they ’ re made from that position at all .
 david leonhardt
 OK. We will leave it there . We ’ re going to keep going through the candidate . At this rate , it sound like Mayor Pete may be the next one we talk about , but we are also happy to hear your suggestion . If there ’ s a candidate you want to hear u talk about , leave u a voicemail at 347-915-4324 . That ’ s 347-915-4324 . And we will be right back . Americans are having le sex , and it ’ s not just because society is aging .
 news clip
 Well , you know what ’ s really surprising in the data is that we ’ re seeing that sex is actually going down among adult in general and among young adult , in particular .
 david leonhardt
 Almost a quarter of people in their 20 say they had no sex last year . As for teenager , here ’ s what The Atlantic magazine ha reported . In the space of a generation , sex ha gone from something that most high school student have experienced to something most haven ’ t . Why is this happening ? Is it good , bad , or both ? Ross , help u understand what ’ s going on here .
 ross douthat
 So there ’ s this old short story called “ The Monkey ’ s Paw , ” which is basically about a monkey ’ s paw , a the title suggests , that grant you wish . But once you ’ re granted the wish , it end up , of course , coming at some enormous cost that make you wish you ’ d never made the wish in the first place . And I think for a lot of social conservative , that ’ s sort of what ha happened with youth sex over the last 20 year or so , and especially over the last 10 or 15 , right ? Because if you went back to the 1980s and 1990s and you asked cultural conservative what had gone wrong in America , they would say , well , we have a crisis of promiscuity . And people are having sex before marriage too much with too many partner . They ’ re having too many child out of wedlock . Families are breaking down . Marriage is breaking down . And promiscuity is at the heart of it . And so you can imagine the social conservative of 1982 or 1995 rubbing the monkey ’ s paw and wishing for le promiscuity and getting it . But the way we ’ ve gotten it ha not been this kind of remoralization of sexual life that conservative imagined . It ’ s just been this straightforward decline of relationship and marriage . So the simplest reason why sex is declining among younger people— and this doesn ’ t , obviously , encompass teen sex— but it ’ s just the decline of marriage , or people postponing marriage , at least . So social conservative have gotten their le sexually active before marriage society in a sense , but they ’ ve gotten it at the expense of the institution and the social bond that they imagined that they— we , I should say— wanted reforged .
 michelle goldberg
 But it ’ s not just about marriage , right ? It ’ s also true among high school student or among teenager . And then , also the decline in marriage rate can ’ t explain the discrepancy between men who aren ’ t having sex , or young men who aren ’ t having sex , and young woman who aren ’ t having sex , right , that it ’ s actually , you have this falloff among sex for a fairly large percentage of young men compared to young woman .
 ross douthat
 Yes , although— so we have to be careful , right ? So the reason we ’ re having this conversation is that there wa a big new General Social Survey analysis that came out that showed this spike , particularly for young men , over the last five or 10 year , in sexlessness . That is just one data point . And the General Social Survey is a really good study , but it ’ s vulnerable to statistical error , like everything else . And if you package that together with the kind of data that informed The Atlantic essay that David just quoted and so on , we should be skeptical for now that there ’ s a huge spike , right , that there ’ s a definite huge young male incel— involuntary celibate— phenomenon . What we can be certain about is there ’ s le sex and fewer marriage . And the fewer marriage are driving a substantial portion , but we don ’ t know how much .
 david leonhardt
 I find this depressing . I get that the decline in teen pregnancy is a good thing . But this overall decline , it just feel like part of a larger breakdown in the health of our social interaction . People are spending le time interacting with each other . They ’ re spending more time with machine . And with that Atlantic essay by Kate Julian , which appeared at the end of 2018 , is really an excellent summary of this , I thought . And it just describes a kind of awkwardness around what , for a long time , were basic human interaction that really depressed me .
 michelle goldberg
 Yeah . I think that you have to see it in concert with all these statistic about rising mental health problem , rising anxiety , rising rate of suicide among young people , right ? Probably lot of casual sex is not super healthy but potentially healthier than sitting in your room with pornography and video game all the time , if that ’ s what ’ s happening . And that might be a stereotype . And then , the other piece of this is that Ross , before , said that we don ’ t know that there ’ s this expanding population of incels . But inasmuch , there is a sort of mobilized population of incels , right , these extremely resentful young men who feel like they ’ ve been denied their share of sexual happiness and companionship . And it ’ s been politicized . I think it ’ s no accident that you see this cycle of radicalization that start with video game and then go into white nationalism and that white nationalist have been kind of deliberate in recruiting on some of these forum . And these men , they ’ ve both committed overt act of terrorism . But they ’ re also , they are the alt-right , right ? They are the natural constituency of Trumpian politics . And I think you see in every society— and it happens for lot of different reasons— that just having large cadre of unattached young men without much to do is extraordinarily socially destructive .
 ross douthat
 Yes , it ’ s not good . This is where the argument for a certain kind of cultural conservatism ha always been that you want to structure society in such a way so that the male sex drive is linked to personal responsibility and getting ahead in life and becoming a plausible mate and a good partner and a good provider and all of these thing . And I think one of the conservative critique of where our culture ha ended up is , basically , that , at a certain point , we said , well , this perspective is totally unfair to woman . Because it make woman more passive figure . It assumes that the male sex drive is stronger than the female sex drive , and that ’ s not necessarily true , and all of these thing . And it put too many limit on people ’ s personal choice . And the difficulty is in removing all rule and structure from how people think about what you ’ re supposed to do in order to have a normal , healthy sexual relationship , you ’ ve created a dynamic where men seem to think that they ’ re entitled to the level of sex that our culture say are necessary for the good life , while having no clear , structured way to get there . And maybe that ’ s just the price we pay .
 michelle goldberg
 Right . But that , in itself , is a function of social conservatism , right ? The fact that they— I don ’ t want to use a buzzword like toxic masculinity— but I don ’ t think that progressive are out there saying you can ignore everything that make a person a decent mate . They ’ re saying that you actually have to treat woman with more respect and more egalitarianism . And in fact , that is what you have to do to successfully pair up in the society in which we are all actually living in , right ? Tucker Carlson recently went off on my friend Chris Hayes and said , if progressive had their way , every man would be a bespectacled , apologetic man like Chris Hayes , right ? And a lot of people responded , basically , like , inshallah . I think progressive are saying that if you want to be healthily married , if you want to have a family , the way to do it is to learn to treat woman like equal . And that ’ s the lesson that the incels refuse to learn . And so to blame that on progressivism seems unfair to me .
 ross douthat
 Yeah . I think I would say that progressivism , or whatever we want to call current liberalized culture , ha not come up with a effective integration of masculinity and , let ’ s say , gentlemanliness that work up and down the ladder of class and income and so on , right ? Toxic masculinity ’ s a useful term because it describes something that ’ s a constant in human history , right ? Men are violent and dangerous in way that are specific to their body and their self , and society ha to find way to discipline that . And it just seems like we haven ’ t come up with a consistent , effective mean , even if there are segment of society in which men are successfully pairing off .
 david leonhardt
 Ross , my question for cultural conservative is , what are you going to do about it ? Meaning , I ’ m actually pretty sympathetic to aspect of the cultural conservative critique , the idea that two parents— I would say they can be of opposite sex or same sex— the idea that two parent are better for kid than one , the idea that family bring huge benefit . I ’ m sympathetic to a lot of this . But when I hear cultural conservative talk , I ’ m often left asking at the end , O.K. , but what do you want to do about it besides moral exhortation ? Meaning , what kind of change do you think , a a society , we could put in place that would actually make more likely the world you want to see ?
 ross douthat
 I think high school and college could essentially move away— especially colleges— move away from the idea that college life is supposed to just be a sexual free-for-all and move towards a world that— the crudest way to put it , and this is , of course , considered the most reactionary notion imaginable— but is to bring back single sex housing on college campus and say , look , the sex should relate to each other in a slightly more civilized and decorous way than they do in campus life right now . And this would create structure of courtship rather than hookup culture . Because hookup culture seems to lead , in the end , to le sex and le marriage— le of both . So that ’ s a reactionary structural suggestion .
 david leonhardt
 I ’ m a little skeptical that would have a big effect , given that—
 ross douthat
 Well , nothing—
 david leonhardt
 —campuses a a sexual free-for-all isn ’ t really the problem right now .
 ross douthat
 Well , but it ’ s not the problem , except the cultural expectation on college campus is that it ’ s a sexual free-for-all , right ? That ’ s the weird thing about this moment . It ’ s this incredibly permissive culture , in a way , that is then producing this sterile and uptight result , in a weird way .
 david leonhardt
 Michelle , what ’ s your solution ?
 michelle goldberg
 I think part of the difficulty is just that young men need to step up . And I don ’ t think it ’ s the job of young woman to make men better or tame and civilize men . So personally , I think that young woman shouldn ’ t settle for extremely cold and brutal sexual culture that seems to prevail , thanks to hookup culture and apps and all the rest . I think that woman should demand more kindness and consideration and feel empowered to demand more from the men that they have sex with . There ’ s , I think , a lot of evidence that the sexual culture that we have right now is making young woman pretty unhappy . And there are element of the # MeToo movement that ’ s kind of a sublimated way to deal with that . And I think that if woman feel empowered to expect more of men , maybe at least some men will rise to the occasion .
 david leonhardt
 To me , this is a sign that some fundamental thing for our society aren ’ t working for either woman or for men , which I think is why I find it so depressing . And it ’ s a sign of the scale of the challenge that American society ha right now . And on that depressing note , we are going to leave the segment and come back in a minute with our weekly recommendation , which is designed to lift you up a little bit . It ’ s time for our weekly recommendation , when we try to take your mind off of politics . Ross , you get to go this week . What do you have ?
 ross douthat
 Well , so we ’ re still a week out , but the last season of Game of Thrones is coming out on HBO next week . And of course , rather famously , the series is finishing , even though the series of book that it ’ s based on hasn ’ t been finished . So I want to recommend a fantasy series for anyone who enjoyed Game of Thrones , either the show or the book , called “ Memory , Sorrow , and Thorn ” by Tad Williams that came out , I think , in the 1990s . And it ha many virtue . But among those virtue is the fact that it wa actually finished . It wa a long , sprawling , but ultimately cohesive , trilogy of fantasy novel that ha a lot of the virtue of the genre— not quite a bloody and sexually minded a George R. R. Martin , but also not just a J.R.R . Tolkien retread . And again , it wa finished . And so much of fantasy ha ended up— not just Martin , there are other novelist who failed to finish their huge , sprawling saga . So I think it ’ s good to recommend a series that ’ s both good and complete , a all great series should try to be .
 michelle goldberg
 Is there going to be a movie ?
 ross douthat
 Well , maybe after my recommendation . [ GOLDBERG LAUGHS ] To people who ’ ve worked in the movie business , I ’ ve suggested this a a fantasy series that could be adapted because it is complete .
 david leonhardt
 Ross , is there a reason that fantasy novel don ’ t get finished ? Is there something that distinguishes them from other series ?
 ross douthat
 Two thing , right ? One , you sort of get lost in your world . A big part of fantasy is worldbuilding . You ’ re creating this universe . And this ha clearly happened to Martin , that once he got rich and famous , it wa like , well , I want my character to explore this region of Westeros and that region and introduce this , and I can ’ t get my character out of this city that I ’ ve gotten them stuck in , and so on . So then , that is just linked to the problem of success , right ? Often , you ’ ll start out writing a series , and you ’ ll write three book . And by the third book , you ’ ll have gone from a struggling novelist to an insanely successful novelist , and it get tougher and tougher to discipline yourself , I think , to finish . This even happened— you saw this with the Harry Potter novel , which were finished . But if you compare the first book , Harry Potter and the Sorcerer ’ s Stone , to the last book , the tightness of the original book is amazing . And by the end , it ’ s clear that nobody ’ s editing J.K. Rowling . Nobody ’ s touching her prose . However much she want to write she ’ s going to write . So really , the best saga are the one that are finished before the writer becomes incredibly famous , probably .
 david leonhardt
 There ’ s a good example of that involving Stephen King . The original version of “ The Stand ” wa long . But then , he republished it after he got really famous . And he said in the preface , now I ’ m Stephen King . I can publish anything I want . And so I ’ m now publishing the whatever it was— 1,100- or 1,200-word version .
 ross douthat
 That ’ s actually the only version of “ The Stand ” I ’ ve ever read , so I guess I ’ m sort of partial to it . But yeah , he wa Stephen King , baby .
 david leonhardt
 OK. What ’ s the recommendation again ?
 ross douthat
 It is “ Memory , Sorrow and Thorn. ” The first novel is called “ The Dragonbone Chair , ” and the author is Tad Williams .
 david leonhardt
 Thank you very much . [ MUSIC PLAYING ] Listeners , we ’ re going to devote another segment soon to your voicemail and our response to them . So we want you to call in and give u some thought and question . What do you think is the most undercovered story in America right now ? What are you arguing with your friend about ? What is one piece of good news amidst all the depressing news in politics ? Leave u a voicemail at 347-915-4324 . That ’ s 347-915-4324 . You can also email u at argument @ nytimes.com . That ’ s our show for this week . If you like what you hear , please leave u a rating or a review in Apple Podcasts . This week ’ s show wa produced by Alex Laughlin and Wynton Wong for Transmitter Media and edited by Lacy Roberts . Our executive producer is Gretta Cohn . We had help from Tyson Evans , Phoebe Lett , Ian Prasad Philbrick , and Francis Ying . Our theme wa composed by Allison Leyton-Brown . Special thanks to Kaiser Health News . We recommend their podcast , What the Health . We are taking a one-week break next week . We ’ ll be back in your podcast feed on Thursday , April 18 . See you then .
 ross douthat
 For the record , I have enjoyed both the company of Chris Hayes and Tucker Carlson .
 michelle goldberg
 And which one is more butch ? [ ALL LAUGHING ]
 ross douthat
 I— I can ’ t— These are question that can ’ t be answered on a podcast , Michelle .
 Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device :
 Apple Podcasts | Spotify | Google Play | RadioPublic | Stitcher
 Is Joe Biden the Democrats ’ best hope to beat President Trump in 2020 ? Or is the former vice president woefully behind the time ? This week on “ The Argument , ” Michelle Goldberg say that allegation of inappropriate touching are just one reason Biden is too out of step with his party to run for president . Ross Douthat think Mr. Biden should run by defending his record a a moderate , not distancing himself from it . And David Leonhardt argues that a Biden candidacy could help the Democratic Party , even if he doesn ’ t win the nomination .
 Then , why are young Americans having le sex — and what doe it say about the country ? The columnist debate the origin and meaning of America ’ s sex recession .
 And finally , a we await the final season of “ Game of Thrones , ” Ross recommends a fantasy book series that is actually complete .
 Background Reading :
 Ross on why Biden should run on his record , not against it and America ’ s “ sexual recession ”
 Michelle on accusation of inappropriate touching and why Biden shouldn ’ t run
 David on why Biden should run and Times reader coming to Biden ’ s defense
 “ Why Are Young People Having So Little Sex ? ” ( Kate Julian , The Atlantic )
 “ The share of Americans not having sex ha reached a record high ” ( Christopher Ingraham , The Washington Post )
 I ’ ve been an Op-Ed columnist since 2009 , and I write about politics , religion , pop culture , sociology and the place where they all intersect . I ’ m a Catholic and a conservative , in that order , which mean that I ’ m against abortion and critical of the sexual revolution , but I tend to agree with liberal that the Republican Party is too friendly to the rich . I wa against Donald Trump in 2016 for reason specific to Donald Trump , but in general I think the populist movement in Europe and America have legitimate grievance and I often prefer the populist to the “ reasonable ” elite . I ’ ve written book about Harvard , the G.O.P. , American Christianity and Pope Francis ; I ’ m working on one about decadence . Benedict XVI wa my favorite pope . I review movie for National Review and have strong opinion about many prestige television show . I have three small child , two girl and a boy , and I live in New Haven with my wife .
 I ’ ve been an Op-Ed columnist at The New York Times since 2017 , writing mainly about politics , ideology and gender . These day people on the right and the left both use “ liberal ” a an epithet , but that ’ s basically what I am , though the nightmare of Donald Trump ’ s presidency ha radicalized me and pushed me leftward . I ’ ve written three book , including one , in 2006 , about the danger of right-wing populism in it religious fundamentalist guise . ( My other two were about the global battle over reproductive right and , in a brief detour from politics , about an adventurous Russian émigré who helped bring yoga to the West . ) I love to travel ; a long time ago , after my husband and I eloped , we spent a year backpacking through Asia . Now we live in Brooklyn with our son and daughter .
 I ’ ve worked at The Times since 1999 and have been an Op-Ed columnist since 2016 . I caught the journalism bug a very long time ago — first a a little kid in the late 1970s who loved reading the Boston Globe sport section and later a a teenager working on my high school and college newspaper . I discovered that when my classmate and I put a complaint in print , for everyone to see , school administrator actually paid attention . I ’ ve since worked a a metro reporter at The Washington Post and a writer at BusinessWeek magazine . At The Times , I started a a reporter in the business section and have also been a Times Magazine staff writer , the Washington bureau chief and the founding editor of The Upshot .
 My politics are left of center . But I ’ m also to the right of many Times reader . I think education reform ha accomplished a lot . I think two-parent family are good for society . I think progressive should be realistic about the cultural conservatism that dominates much of this country . Most of all , however , I worry deeply about today ’ s Republican Party , which ha become dangerously extreme . This country face some huge challenge — inequality , climate change , the rise of China — and they ’ ll be very hard to solve without having both party committed to the basic functioning of American democracy .
 Tune in on iTunes , Google Play , Spotify , Stitcher or wherever you listen to podcasts . Tell u what you think at argument @ nytimes.com . Follow Michelle Goldberg ( @ michelleinbklyn ) , Ross Douthat ( @ DouthatNYT ) and David Leonhardt ( @ DLeonhardt ) on Twitter .
 This week ’ s show is produced by Alex Laughlin and Wynton Wong for Transmitter Media and edited by Lacy Roberts . Our executive producer is Gretta Cohn . We had help from Tyson Evans , Phoebe Lett , Ian Prasad Philbrick and Francis Ying . Our theme is composed by Allison Leyton-Brown .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 daily crossword column
 Alison Ohringer and Erik Agard break a rule , and I am here for it .
 By Deb Amlen
 WEDNESDAY PUZZLE — Making a good crossword puzzle mean that constructor have to adhere to a lot of fussy little rule . Matched tense , all-over interlock , no two-letter word . It requires a lot of discipline .
 Surprisingly , so doe writing about them . For example , you would not appreciate it if I put the answer to the revealer in the headline . “ Spoilers ! ” you ’ d all shout , and somewhere in the crowd my mother would be shaking her head with disappointment , reminding me that at one point in my life , I had the grade to get into law school .
 So I maintain my discipline and don ’ t put the answer in the headline . For one thing , I would have made a terrible lawyer . That requires a totally different kind of discipline . Lawyering requires you to write long document containing word that sound like they are made up [ That ’ s called Latin , Deb . — Ed . ] and in the wrong order . If you are a lawyer who ha been put in charge of writing one of these document , you have to maintain a serious tone — where people are referred to a “ the party of the second part ” — and most of the time you have to dress up in an uncomfortable suit . You can ’ t even slip any joke into these document ( “ Why did the party of the second part cross the road ? ” “ To sue the other side a posteriori presto change-o ! ” ) , or the head lawyer will frown at you . Not spoiling the answer to a crossword puzzle is easy in comparison .
 So when constructor subvert the rule of puzzle making , I can ’ t help but watch with glee , mostly because I can not do it in this forum . Alison Ohringer and Erik Agard , who collaborated on this puzzle , might not even have had the intention of breaking a supposed rule of constructing , but I ’ m going to give them the credit anyway . That ’ s how much I liked their theme .
 The rule I ’ m talking about is the Sunday Morning Breakfast Test , which say that an entry should not be something that will make you gag on your egg Benedict a you enjoy a leisurely solve over breakfast . Some people say that the rule doesn ’ t exist anymore . Others still have a clear line a to what they would like to see in their puzzle first thing in the morning , a the constructor Merl Reagle explained in the 2006 documentary “ Wordplay ” :
 “ You can ’ t use bodily function in puzzle , you know . ‘ Urine ’ would bail me out of a corner a million time a year . Same with ‘ enema. ’ ‘ Enema ’ : talk about great letter . But you ’ ve got to keep those word out of puzzle , because it doesn ’ t pas the Sunday Morning Breakfast Test . I mean , there are people solving the big Sunday puzzle . They ’ ve waited all week for this . They ’ re sitting there relaxing , and here come , you know , ‘ rectal ’ ? I don ’ t think so . ”
 And yet Ms. Ohringer and Mr. Agard have figured out how to spoil breakfast in a completely different way . Good for them , I say .
 14A : “ Measurement that might be a lot ? ” is a play on the word “ a lot. ” The measurement we ’ re supposed to be thinking about could be “ a lot ” in term of being a large volume of thing , or even the snarkier form of “ a lot ” if we are talking about the metric system ( That ’ s a lot funnier if you went to public school in the United States . In 1970s America , the resistance to converting to metric wa even stronger than it seems to be now ) . In this puzzle , however , we ’ re actually talking about a physical lot , which could be an ACRE of land .
 20A : Some solver might read “ Rhyming opposite of break ” and think , “ What word for ‘ fix ’ rhyme with ‘ break ’ ? , ” but that ’ s not where this is going . The clue is asking you for the phrase “ MAKE or break , ” with the word “ or ” indicating the opposite of “ break . ”
 22A : I suppose that ARIA could be a woman ’ s name , and that there are , in fact , some lovely woman name ARIA out there . The only one I know is Arya Stark ( Brief diversion : Who watched the season opener of “ Game of Thrones ” ? Was that amazing or what ? ) . At any rate , we do know it a the opera term .
 29A : The clue “ W.C. ” stand for “ water closet , ” which is a British term for the LOO , or toilet .
 7D : Sometimes . It can also be “ Ma ’ am. ” And SIR can be clued in way that don ’ t sound like it ’ s erasing the contribution of woman who serve our country .
 12D : I loved this debut of the superlative WOKEST , because honestly , is it really a competition ?
 55D : We ’ re talking about eyeball part , people . The answer to “ It get bigger in the dark ” is the PUPIL , which open in the dark to let in more light .
 On the menu in Ms. Ohringer ’ s and Mr. Agard ’ s puzzle are breakfast item that are , if not spoiled , vaguely disappointing . We have STALE CEREAL , BURNT TOAST and two other item I ’ ll let you find , and the central revealer at 38A , clued a “ Plea concerning the menu in 18- , 26- , 53- and 64-Across ? , ” is FIX BREAKFAST . In the surface sense of the phrase , to “ fix breakfast ” mean to prepare it , but in this puzzle , it ’ s a cry for help to actually rescue the ruined item .
 Kudos to Ms. Ohringer and Mr. Agard for choosing four fresh ( spoiled food notwithstanding ) theme entry and a unique revealer .
 Alison Ohringer and Erik Agard : This puzzle blossomed from an email exchange riffing on a previous New York Times puzzle that had HOT OATMEAL a a theme answer ( “ What ’ s the alternative ? Cold oatmeal ? ” ) . The realization that LUKEWARM OATMEAL ( 15 ) is the perfect length to span a weekday grid sent u down a rabbit hole of , with increasing seriousness , suggesting suboptimal food for theme answer .
 When we thought of the phrase FIX BREAKFAST and it dual meaning , we knew we had something legit . We had a lot of fun creating this puzzle ( and a fair amount of horror upon realizing that some common breakfast food do not Google well — please just take our word for it ) , and we hope you have just a much fun solving it .
 Almost finished solving but need a bit more help ? We ’ ve got you covered .
 Warning : There be spoiler ahead , but subscriber can take a peek at the answer key .
 Trying to get back to the puzzle page ? Right here .
 Your thought ?
 Deb Amlen is the crossword columnist . She ha been writing the Wordplay column since 2011 and belief that everyone can learn to solve the Times crossword . Even the Saturdays . @ NYTimesWordplay
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 BEHIND THE BYLINE
 Interview by Lara Takenaga
 The Reader Center ha started a new interview series , Behind the Byline , to introduce you to Times journalist . Is there a reporter , photographer or editor whom you would like to get to know ? Tell u in the form below .
 When you think about a high-flying correspondent , Helene Cooper should come to mind — and not just because she get to ride in fighter plane and helicopter for her work covering the Pentagon .
 Since joining The Times 15 year ago , Helene ha reported some of the biggest story of this era , a a White House correspondent during the Obama administration and a a diplomatic correspondent before that .
 [ Read Helene ’ s latest report , on Russia ’ s ambition in the Arctic . ]
 Here , she talk about her arrival in the United States a a refugee , the best news tip she ’ s ever received and the time she flew on Air Force One with her music idol .
 How did you get into journalism ?
 I arrived in the United States from Liberia a a refugee at the age of 14 . There had been a military coup in Liberia , and member of my family were attacked and shot . I hadn ’ t seen it coming , too consumed by my adolescent life to pay attention to what wa going on around me .
 Once we got to the United States , I became obsessed with the news . I devoured the local newspaper and read back copy of The New York Times . I watched ABC ’ s “ World News Tonight ” every day , wanting any glimmer of information on what wa happening in Liberia and elsewhere around the world . This wa in part because I never wanted to be surprised by something again , and in part because I felt isolated in Knoxville , Tenn. , where we lived . I used the news a an escape .
 Then I read “ All the President ’ s Men ” and wa hooked . It wa for A.P . American history in 11th grade . That wa when I decided I wanted to be a reporter .
 What do you enjoy most about being a Pentagon correspondent ? What is most challenging about it ?
 The cool hardware ! I love checking out all the toy the American military ha . I ’ ve flown for hour in the co-pilot seat of a B-1 bomber , including during midair refuels . I ’ ve done the catapult takeoff and abrupt landing on an aircraft carrier in the Persian Gulf . I ’ ve been in Apache , Black Hawk and Chinook helicopter over Baghdad , Kabul and the DMZ , on the border of North and South Korea . I ’ ve been on an American naval destroyer in the South China Sea while it wa being shadowed by the Chinese . That part of the job is just pure fun .
 But covering the military also allows me to keep my hand in national security policy , about which I love writing . I think the Pentagon is the best beat in Washington .
 The challenging part is the language . The military life and dy by acronym . Sometimes source sound a if they don ’ t even want to speak English . I ’ m always stopping people midsentence to make them explain what they ’ re saying .
 What have been some of your most memorable reporting trip ?
 I loved a defense secretary trip I took in May 2014 . We flew from Washington to Alaska to Singapore to Afghanistan to Brussels to Romania and finished in Paris . It wa an insane 10 day with so much news , but the best part wa sitting in a Parisian cafe with other reporter at the end of a long day .
 I wa a White House reporter when I covered President Obama ’ s first foreign trip in 2009 , to London , France , the Czech Republic , Turkey and then Iraq for a surprise detour . I wa on the front page every day and felt like I wa working two day for every 24 hour . But I had a ball . There wa a moment in front of Prague Castle , when Mr. Obama called for the elimination of nuclear weapon in front of thousand of screaming Eastern Europeans , when I felt I wa watching history being made . ( I wasn ’ t . )
 The day that I flew on Air Force One with Bruce Springsteen , during Mr. Obama ’ s 2012 re-election campaign , wa a biggie for me because I am a huge fan . I wa so excited about “ the Boss ” that I could barely write my pool report . I ran across the tarmac screaming “ Bruuuuuuce ! ” and then ambushed him for an “ interview ” before the Secret Service could separate u .
 What ’ s the best news tip you ’ ve ever received ?
 Doug Mills , our White House photographer , called me on the night Osama bin Laden wa killed to tell me he had overheard two people talking about his death at the White House . This wa at least two hour before Mr. Obama confirmed it .
 Because of Doug I wa able to start calling source . It ’ s much easier to get people to tell you something if they think you already know it .
 How doe it feel after you publish a big story ? What do you do ?
 Usually writing a big story mean I ’ m in the middle of news on my beat . And that mean there ’ s going to be a follow-up to write . So there ’ s probably not time to feel relief or a rush . The bin Laden story , for instance , wa immediately followed by a reconstruct the next day of how the Navy SEALs got him and how Mr. Obama made the decision .
 How do you spend your time when you ’ re off duty ?
 Watching “ Game of Thrones ” ! And then dissecting every second of it with my Washington bureau colleague Maureen Dowd , Carl Hulse and Michael Shear .
 I read “ Harry Potter ” with my nephew Cooper . I go to swim class with Cooper . Anything with Cooper .
 I also like cooking for friend on a Saturday night and Arsenal Football Club .
 If you had to choose another job , in journalism or not , what would it be ?
 I would want to host a travel cooking show .
 What ’ s something that reader would be surprised to learn about you ?
 When the Washington bureau had a “ literary ” theme for our monthly food club , I made Bloody Marys to represent “ The Twilight Saga , ” among my favorite book .
 Illustration by Rebecca Clarke
 A note to reader who are not subscriber : This article from the Reader Center doe not count toward your monthly free article limit .
 Follow the @ ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspective and experience and for insight into how we work .
 Lara Takenaga is a staff editor for the Reader Center . @ LaraTakenaga
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 LOS ANGELES — Ross Stripling pitched a though he had somewhere else to be .
 The former All-Star threw 88 pitch in a career-high eight inning to rescue an overworked bullpen , inducing soft contact rather than dazzling with high velocity , and the Los Angeles Dodgers routed the Milwaukee Brewers 7-1 Sunday to snap a six-game skid .
 Stripling joked about getting everyone home in time for dinner and the final season premiere of HBO 's `` Game of Thrones . ''
 `` It 's what I ordered , '' manager Dave Roberts said . `` Ross wa really good . He mixed up his pitch really well , got ahead of hitter . ''
 Stripling became the first Dodgers starter to throw eight inning this season when the bullpen ha been stressed in the first full month .
 `` In an ideal world they 'd all go eight , '' Roberts said . `` Ross understood our situation and wa efficient . ''
 The Dodgers ' rotation ha been without Clayton Kershaw and Rich Hill since the season began . Hyun-Jin Ryu got hurt earlier in the week when the team lost four straight in St. Louis , putting more pressure on the bullpen . Kershaw is due back Monday and Hill appears to be close behind .
 `` I do n't think any of u got more than five inning , '' Stripling said of the St. Louis series . `` To get through eight , definitely proud of that . ''
 Joc Pederson and Alex Verdugo homered to help the Dodgers avoid back-to-back sweep for the first time since 2017 when they last dropped seven game in a row .
 Los Angeles lead the National League with 35 home run and ha homered in 15 of 17 game .
 Stripling ( 1-1 ) earned his first win in his fourth start of the season . The right-hander did n't record his first strikeout until the sixth inning and instead retired 14 of his first 17 batter on flyouts or grounder .
 Stripling allowed one run and four hit , struck out three and walked one .
 `` When you have a pitcher who is hitting his spot and getting groundball out , it make it a little bit easier for the hitter , '' Verdugo said . `` He got u up and down quick . ''
 The Dodgers jumped on Jhoulys Chacin ( 2-2 ) in the first inning , taking a 2-0 lead on a two-out RBI single by Verdugo .
 Pederson homered with two out in the second , making it 3-0 .
 The Dodgers tacked on three run in the third on Max Muncy 's RBI single and a two-run RBI single by Chris Taylor that chased Chacin .
 Chacin gave up six run and six hit in 2 1/3 inning , struck out three and walked three . The right-hander 's six earned run ended a streak of allowing three or fewer over his previous 14 start since Aug. 8 against San Diego .
 `` I 'm either really good against these guy or really bad , '' Chacin said . `` Walks hurt me today and with their lineup you ca n't give them walk . I need to make better pitch and I did n't do that . ''
 Verdugo homered leading off the fifth against Chase Anderson .
 The Brewers managed just three hit — a double by Travis Shaw and single from Chacin and Yasmani Grandal — through the first seven inning .
 `` Stripling had a great outing , '' Grandal said of his former teammate . `` He threw a lot of backdoor slider especially to the lefty and he 's got four pitch that he throw well . ''
 Milwaukee 's lone run came on pinch-hitter Eric Thames ' sacrifice fly in the eighth .
 TRAINER 'S ROOM
 Brewers : RHP Jeremy Jeffress ( right shoulder ) could be ready to return by Monday or Tuesday . ... RHP Jimmy Nelson ( right shoulder surgery ) remains in Arizona rehabilitating and no date ha been set for his return .
 Dodgers : Hill ( left knee strain ) will make a minor league rehab start Wednesday at either Class A Rancho Cucamonga or Triple-A Oklahoma City . He 'll toss four inning and 60 pitch , followed by an inning in the bullpen . ... LHP Hyun-Jin Ryu ( left groin strain ) will throw a 40-pitch bullpen session Monday . ... C Russell Martin ( low back inflammation ) ha yet to be cleared for baseball activity .
 GRANDAL VS LA
 Grandal hit safely in all three game against his old team in his return to LA . He wa 6 for 11 with a homer and two RBI in the series . This month , he 's hitting .514 with four homer and seven RBIs .
 BRING HIM UP
 The Dodgers recalled RHP Josh Sborz from Triple-A Oklahoma City in his first major league promotion since being added to the 40-man roster in November . Sborz ha made two appearance for OKC this season , tossing four scoreless inning with nine strikeout and a walk . The 25-year-old wa the 74th overall pick by the Dodgers in the 2015 draft out of Virginia .
 The team optioned RHP Dennis Santana to OKC . In three game with the Dodgers this season , he went 0-0 with a 7.20 ERA with six strikeout and four walk .
 BREWERS MOVE
 Milwaukee acquired catcher David Freitas from the Seattle Mariners for minor league RHP Sal Biasi .
 Freitas appeared in one game with Seattle this season , going 0 for 2 with one run , one RBI and a walk on March 28 against Boston . After being optioned to Triple-A Tacoma the following day , Freitas hit .278 with four run in six game with the Rainiers .
 Biasi ha made three relief appearance with Single-A Wisconsin this season . He is 1-0 and ha n't allowed a run in four inning pitched , while striking out five and walking two .
 UP NEXT
 Brewers : RHP Freddy Peralta ( 1-0 , 6.91 ERA ) start Monday at home against St. Louis . He is 0-1 with a 5.68 ERA in three career game ( two start ) against the Cardinals .
 Dodgers : Kershaw make his season debut against Cincinnati Monday after left shoulder inflammation limited him in spring training .
 ___
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Best of Late Night
 By Giovanni Russonello
 Welcome to Best of Late Night , a rundown of the previous night ’ s highlight that let you sleep — and let u get paid to watch comedy . If you ’ re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV , sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendation straight to your inbox .
 After a two-week hiatus , Stephen Colbert greeted his audience the best way he knew how : with a sidelong jab at President Trump . The president is threatening to continue the government shutdown , which began on Dec. 22 , for month to come if he doe not receive congressional approval for funding a border wall .
 “ Tonight I am excited to announce that after a 17-day shutdown , I am reopening ‘ The Late Show. ’ I held my ground , because I kept my promise and built a wall — of mashed potato , around my midsection , over the Christmas holidays. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 Colbert made fun of Trump for saying on Twitter that the border wall should now be a “ barrier ” made out of steel , not concrete — in part because it is “ le obtrusive . ”
 “ Oh , thank goodness . Last thing you ’ d want in a border wall is something obtrusive . That ’ s why they call it the Inconspicuous Wall of China. ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 President Trump ha taken to using “ Game of Thrones ” iconography to push for his border wall , and on Saturday he posted an image on Twitter of himself beside the slogan , “ The Wall Is Coming. ” Colbert had a nit to pick with the appropriation .
 “ You can ’ t say , ‘ The Wall Is Coming. ’ That ’ s mixing up two different thing from the series . There ’ s the wall , and there ’ s ‘ winter is coming. ’ That ’ s like quoting ‘ The Godfather ’ by saying , ‘ I ’ m going to make him an offer he can ’ t cannoli. ’ ” — STEPHEN COLBERT
 Trevor Noah welcomed House Democrats back into power with a not-that-nostalgic look back at 2011 , the last time they held a majority .
 “ As you probably know by now , Democrats took control of the House of Representatives for the first time in eight year ! That ’ s right , eight year . You realize , the last time the Democrats had this much power in Congress , there were only two ‘ Transformer ’ movie and Harvey Weinstein only looked like a creep. ” — TREVOR NOAH
 “ I read that an Arizona woman is accused of sending a man more than 159,000 text after they went on one date . When asked why she did it , the woman wa like , ‘ Why , did he ask about me ? ’ ” — JIMMY FALLON
 “ According to Reuters , Google moved $ 22.7 billion to Bermuda in 2017 through a Dutch shell company to avoid tax . While over at Bing , you ’ re no longer allowed to flush if it ’ s just pee. ” — SETH MEYERS
 “ The N.Y.P.D . is looking for a man who recently broke into an Apple store and stole $ 75,000 worth of product . That is crazy — why would anyone need five iPhone cable ? ” — SETH MEYERS
 Roy Wood Jr. want to be angry at R. Kelly , but he can ’ t stop being “ seduced by his music. ” So he came up with a strategy , inspired by the Netflix film “ Bird Box . ”
 Introducing : The Matchelor . Yes , Jimmy Kimmel will actually have a new segment in which he go on date alongside a former “ Bachelor ” contestant and “ help ” her decide which guy to date .
 The director Alfonso Cuarón , whose new film “ Roma ” ha caused a stir among critic , will sit down with Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday .
 The medium ’ s going crazy right now , saying that the Golden Globes result were completely unexpected . The Carpetbagger doesn ’ t think so . They ’ re just emblem , he say , of a mainstream sensibility . And that ’ s not surprising , coming from the Golden Globes .
 Plus , Ideas for What to Watch Tonight :
 The Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now
 The 100 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
 The 25 Best Films of the 21st Century
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 First Words
 By Willy Staley
 On the 12th day of the federal government shutdown , the 45th president of the United States of America posted a meme on his Instagram account : an image of his half-glowering , half-smirking visage , hovering gigantically above the Southwestern desert , dwarfing the picture ’ s centerpiece — a rendering of his signature campaign promise — and , in a familiar font , some explanatory text : “ The Wall Is Coming. ” It ’ s an image that make you think , That ’ s from HBO ’ s hit series “ Game of Thrones ” — sort of , and then make you think about the unique privilege and burden of living in this moment in history .
 There are so many unusual aspect of Donald Trump ’ s presidency that his willingness to communicate with the public through internet meme is often overshadowed . Typically , he retweets image made by his most enthusiastic backer — in November he shared one of the Clintons , Barack Obama , Huma Abedin , Robert Mueller , his own deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein and others , all locked up in a prison cell together — but the wall meme appears to be a White House original . It is also the second “ Game of Thrones ” meme the president ha shared in the last two month . He doe this sort of thing so often that the Senate minority leader , Chuck Schumer , recently felt compelled to tweet , like an exasperated high school teacher , “ Enough with the meme . ”
 It ’ s impossible to overstate how peculiar it is that the most powerful man in the world , who will turn 73 in June , post meme . It ’ s a behavior more often associated with youth , irreverence and a surfeit of free time — though certainly plenty of old , aggrieved people have picked up the habit in recent year . In 2016 , the Trump campaign united message-board troll and Facebook boomer , and together they disseminated so many meme that some of them began to believe — both jokingly and not — that their “ meme magic ” had helped Trump win the election .
 In current usage , “ meme ” refers most often to an image with text overlay , designed for distribution online . They ’ re like the bumper sticker of the digital realm , in that any one concept can be endlessly remixed to convey just about any sort of sentiment ( Calvin can pee on anything ) . What began more than a decade ago a a fun way to imagine how cat might talk ha evolved into a surprisingly fertile mode of political communication . The online database Know Your Meme ha confirmed the existence of some 4,066 successful meme in the wild — including newcomer like Big Chungus , a fake series of video game starring an obese rabbit , and classic like Doge , which featured a shiba inu speaking broken English . The actual number is certainly much higher .
 You might find this very silly , and you wouldn ’ t be wrong . But keep in mind : The president post them .
 All of this represents a long fall from the meme ’ s origin . The word wa coined by the British ethologist Richard Dawkins in his 1976 book , “ The Selfish Gene , ” a a way to conceptualize the transmission of culture in biological term . For Dawkins , a meme , shortened from the Greek mimeme — “ an imitated thing ” — wa a unit of culture , a building block of our mental architecture . “ Just a gene propagate themselves in the gene pool by leaping from body to body via sperm or egg , ” Dawkins wrote , “ meme propagate themselves in the meme pool by leaping from brain to brain. ” They could be a small and short-lived a a tune or catchphrase , he explained , or a large and consequential a “ God ” and “ eternal damnation . ”
 Genes , Dawkins argued , do not aim to propagate a specie ; they seek only to propagate themselves . Memes , he believed , were similarly selfish . Dawkins spends most of his chapter on memetics fixating on religion , and because he ha since become such an aggressively outspoken atheist , reading the book today it is easy to get the sense that he considers religion almost parasitic . The concept of “ God , ” he figured , endures because it offer a psychological salve to people , while “ eternal damnation ” survives because it is useful a a mean of social control . Thus both live on , copied from generation to generation , latching on to humanity and perpetuating themselves too effectively to be got rid of . “ Selection favor meme that exploit their cultural environment to their own advantage , ” Dawkins wrote .
 Ideas , in this view , have life of their own , and the environment in which they struggle for survival is the human mind — our limited processing power mean that only the toughest will persevere . “ If a meme is to dominate the attention of a human brain , ” Dawkins wrote , “ it must do so at the expense of ‘ rival ’ memes. ” He conceded that a meme would also have to compete for airtime on the radio or TV , billboard space , column inch and book page . But , writing back in the 1970s , he had no reason to consider what would happen if those scarcity condition vanished . If they did , you would find yourself in a terrifyingly fecund primordial soup in which all sort of idea could develop , mutate , cross-pollinate , do battle , die off and be reborn . You would find yourself , well , online .
 And while this primordial soup ha brought forth many novel concept , and resuscitated some old , corrosive belief , the thing we call “ meme ” today are largely just joke format — mechanism for the efficient production of humor . They develop le like new idea and more like algal bloom , spreading until they block out the sun and consume all the oxygen , before dying out naturally ( people get sick of them ) or getting hit with bleach ( explainer journalist write about them ) . Individually , these meme leave little mark on our culture . Worse than being forgettable , they become , within a year or two , embarrassing to think back on for even one second .
 But taken a a whole , this swarm of cultural mayfly represents a meaningful shift in our culture . Joke-making , a sometimes cruel enterprise , ha been mechanized and democratized . Humor now emerges from the ether , authorless or , more accurate , authored and improved upon by everyone . Jokes are communal now , and constant . Online , everything that happens all day — in politics , in culture , in the news — is rapidly repurposed for laugh , by everyone , all at once .
 For the most part , this is harmless . After all , what could possibly go wrong in a culture where all anyone want is to be perpetually amused ?
 Before Trump ’ s border wall wa the cause of a government shutdown , it wa a mnemonic device — le a policy proposal than a string tied around the finger . According to a recent article in The Times , the wall wa a “ memory trick for an undisciplined candidate. ” Trump ’ s adviser Sam Nunberg and Roger Stone knew that getting tough on immigration would play well to a right-wing audience , but they also knew the man they were dealing with . He ha a mind for the tactile , so they gave him something gigantic to hang onto : an 1,800-mile-long slab of concrete .
 But Trump ’ s talking point were never just talking point . They were more like bit . His campaign rally were rambling , unscripted affair , almost like an open-mic comedy set : Not a fearsome Nuremberg rally , but an aging showman road-testing material , seeing what caught the audience ’ s attention . Early on , his speech were “ all over the place , ” the NBC reporter Katy Tur told “ Frontline , ” but a time passed , “ he started to really hone his message , and he started to remember what line worked. ” In the same episode , the writer Marc Fisher said Trump told him that he would simply wait to see the red light on the TV camera in the press box turn on , indicating he wa live , and then he would say “ whatever it took to keep the red light on . ”
 The border wall kept the light on . At a 2016 rally in Burlington , Vt. , Trump mentioned the wall to tremendous , wonderful applause , then paused and asked his audience , “ And who ’ s gon na pay for the wall ? ” The crowd roared back , “ MEXICO ! ” They — he and his crowd — did this two more time together , then Trump laughed . “ I ’ ve never done it before , I swear , ” he said , throwing his arm up a if surprised it had worked . “ That wa pretty cool . We ’ re gon na have to use that . ”
 This incentive structure , in which an easily distracted person say a bunch of stuff he kind of mean to an assembled audience , slowly learning what generates a reaction and what doesn ’ t , is familiar : It ’ s like posting online . This is the process that nudged the wall ever closer to reality , despite the fact that it wa only ever supposed to be a metaphor , a shorthand , a catchphrase . It is an idea with no real owner or creator , passed from person to person , from lectern to grandstand to TV and Twitter and back again , copying itself and growing and mutating until it became big , beautiful and tipped with spike forged from American steel . The border wall is , in the truest sense , a meme : an idea that persists not because it will benefit u but simply because it thrives in our environment . It wa so effective at doing whatever it did that it couldn ’ t be contained , spilling out of the president ’ s brain and spreading throughout our entire body politic , cooling and hardening like bacon grease , until it finally brought everything to a standstill . And I hate to admit it , but that is a little funny .
 Willy Staley is a story editor at the magazine .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By David M. Halbfinger
 JERUSALEM — Frustrated over their choice in the Israeli election , and at Arab politician whom they describe a ineffective , some Palestinian citizen of Israel have been gathering popular support for a boycott of Tuesday ’ s ballot .
 But a well-known Palestinian hip-hop artist released a powerful new video on Thursday pushing back on the boycott , urging Arab citizen not to waste their vote — and expressing hope that a strong turnout on Tuesday could help send Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu packing , or even “ to prison . ”
 In the Arabic-language video , which spread widely on social medium and ha sparked a robust online debate , the rapper , Tamer Nafar of Lod , Israel , argues with himself over whether to vote or stay home , then come down strongly in favor of voting — dramatizing what Mr. Nafar said had been his own internal dialogue over the past few week .
 “ It ’ s our land , but their state , ” the voice of the pro-boycott Mr. Nafar say in the video , which is titled “ Tamer Must Vote ” in English , adding of the Israeli Parliament , “ The Knesset ’ s not for me . ”
 But the Mr. Nafar who favor voting retort that even the shekel is Israeli . What then , “ throw away our money ” and drop out of the economy , since the tax paid by Arab citizen fund the army ? “ Plant tea leaf at home so we won ’ t fund missile on Gaza ? ”
 “ They ’ re using u to look liberal , ” the pro-boycotter say , echoing a frequent argument of Palestinian citizen who say that participating in Israeli democracy provides a veneer of equality in Western eye .
 “ Yeah , baby , democracy is so ’ 80 , ” the pro-voter say sarcastically .
 His vote wouldn ’ t change anything , the pro-boycotter responds : It ’ s like stepping “ into a missile war when all I got is a knife , ” or fighting a tank “ when all I got is a stone . ”
 The pro-voter hit back by acknowledging “ it doesn ’ t mean that we ’ ll liberate Palestine , ” but say , dropping the mic , that “ if our vote will erase Lieberman , imprison Bibi , then we ’ re ready , ” referring to the former defense minister Avigdor Lieberman .
 Indeed , one of the richest irony that could emerge from Tuesday ’ s election would be if strong Arab turnout raised the minimum vote threshold for political party to gain entry into Parliament so high that Mr. Lieberman failed to clear it . His party , Yisrael Beiteinu , is struggling in the poll .
 [ Read about how Prime Minister Netanyahu ’ s anti-Arab provocation may backfire this time around , though they may have helped him in the past . ]
 It wa Mr. Lieberman who pushed a change in the election law that raised the voting percentage threshold in 2015 , a a way of banning Arab party from the Knesset . The Arab party responded at the time by joining force , and their Joint List won a record 13 seat in the Knesset that year .
 Some poll this year indicated turnout among Palestinian citizen would be even higher , given widespread anger at Mr. Netanyahu , who ha been running an exceptionally anti-Arab campaign . But the boycott movement is having the reverse effect , exasperating Arab leader a well a many Jewish Israeli opponent of Mr. Netanyahu who hoped that Arab voter could play a decisive role in defeating him .
 In an interview , Mr. Nafar said he wa still hoping for such a result , which he said would be “ poetic justice . ”
 [ Read our guide to the Israeli election . ]
 He said that he wa not enamored of Benny Gantz , the former army chief who is neck and neck with Mr. Netanyahu in the poll , but that Mr. Gantz would be preferable to Mr. Netanyahu . And although Mr. Netanyahu is facing indictment only on corruption charge , Mr. Nafar said — he would prefer it be for “ war crime ” — “ At least it ’ s something , ” he added .
 “ I guess I ’ m watching too much ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ ” he said .
 Mr. Nafar , 39 , began his hip-hop career in the late 1990s , and his lyric took a strong political turn with the outbreak of the Palestinian uprising known a the Second Intifada , in 2000 . The son of Palestinian refugee and a father of two , he wa the star of a celebrated autobiographical film , “ Junction 48 , ” in 2016 . The Israeli culture minister , Miri Regev , walked out on his performance at the country ’ s movie award ceremony that year and ha tried to have his performance canceled .
 “ I ’ m not saying that being in the Knesset is the best medicine , but if I want to let go of it I should do that dose by dose , ” he said , explaining his decision to vote — not all at once , with nothing in it place .
 In the video , Mr. Nafar ’ s pro-boycott persona ha little use for Arab politician . “ Did they deal with poverty ? Did they bring u school and job ? ” he asks . “ We only see them out there during elections. ” He add that he voted for the Joint List the last time , but infighting broke it apart . “ For me , this ship ha sunk , ” he say .
 Yet Mr. Nafar ’ s pro-vote voice say that rather than the Titanic , he see Arab politician a the Mavi Marmara — the protest ship that tried to defy the Israeli blockade of Gaza in 2010 , gaining international attention for the Palestinian cause . “ It doesn ’ t make sense for me to give up a tool , when I hardly have any tool , so I ’ m going to vote , ” he say .
 The alternative , Mr. Nafar said in the interview , would be to allow Israeli leader to do whatever they wanted to Palestinian citizen — even if , a some extremist right-wing politician would like , that meant transferring Arab citizen out of Israel .
 Voting , Mr. Nafar ’ s alter ego say in the video , wa at least one thing he ha the power to do to ensure “ that I can sing to the boycotters , rather than talk to them in the transfer truck . ”
 Read more about the election in Israel .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Sapna Maheshwari
 Accenture is trying to add the kind of creative muscle not normally associated with giant consulting firm with it plan to buy Droga5 , an independent ad agency . Now it need to make sure the two culture merge without squelching the energy that made the agency such a standout .
 Accenture ’ s deeper push into advertising reflects the ad industry ’ s rapidly changing competitive landscape . The company ’ s marketing arm ha grown significantly in recent year a broader shift in consumer behavior have reordered what advertising truly encompasses . In the past , it wa about coming up with attention-grabbing ad . Now , it is also about providing broader consumer experience .
 That ha made the fight for marketing dollar that much more fierce , with traditional ad agency jostling with Silicon Valley firm , consultant and upstart for business .
 “ We ’ re working with client to reinvent how consumer buy their particular product and service , ” Brian Whipple , the chief executive of Accenture Interactive , the company ’ s digital agency , said . He pointed to the development of wearable device for Carnival Cruise Lines and new fitting-room technology at clothing store .
 “ We expect to have an Uber-like , Amazon-like experience when we go to a restaurant or go to a retail store or when we order product online , ” he said .
 As the firm take on more ambitious consumer experience project for brand , it must incorporate “ medium and advertising and brand strategy and the like , and that ’ s where Droga and team come into play , ” Mr. Whipple , 53 , said .
 [ Read more about the uncertain future of advertising a we know it . ]
 Terms of the deal , which wa announced on Wednesday , were not disclosed . The acquisition wa roughly a year in the making and is expected to close by the end of May .
 Droga5 , which employ more than 500 people , will become part of Accenture Interactive .
 Absorbing an independent agency into a larger entity can pose it own issue , however , said Greg Paull , a principal at R3 , a consulting firm that work with agency and marketer .
 “ It will be a challenge to mix the two culture together because they are quite different , ” he said . Still , he added , “ it ’ s shifting the paradigm from a purely creative-led business to more of a strategic and consulting-led business . ”
 Droga5 , which wa founded in 2006 by David Droga , ha become one of the best-known independent ad agency in the United States . ( The “ 5 ” wa appended because Mr. Droga , 50 , grew up a the youngest of five brother . ) Droga5 last reported annual revenue for 2017 , when it exceeded $ 200 million .
 Some of it notable campaign include Under Armour ’ s with the dancer Misty Copeland ; Anna Kendrick ’ s almost-Super Bowl commercial for Newcastle Brown Ale , a digital campaign in which the beer company imagined the “ mega-huge football ” spot it would have made if it could have afforded one ; and this year ’ s “ Game of Thrones ” surprise Super Bowl ad with Bud Light . Droga5 is also responsible for The New York Times ’ s ad campaign featuring the motto “ The Truth Is Hard . ”
 Being subsumed into a larger consulting firm represents a sharp turn . Other prominent independent agency have steadfastly maintained their autonomy . In 2017 , Wieden & Kennedy in Portland , Ore. , which is best known for it work with Nike , backed a new agency in Austin , Tex. , on the condition that it would remain independent . Colleen DeCourcy , Wieden & Kennedy ’ s co-president , said at the time , “ Our whole abhorrence of controlling interest in anything is that you lose the independence to put the work first . ”
 Mr. Whipple pushed back at the notion that consultant did not understand creativity the way that traditional agency did , saying that the culture of Accenture Interactive and Droga5 were more similar than people might expect .
 “ Accenture Interactive ha it own culture that is really in no way consulting-like , but I will say if it were to have element of that , I think that ’ s a good thing , ” he said . Its office aren ’ t full of people in suit and tie talking about financials , he added .
 Accenture Interactive ’ s revenue rose 30 percent , to $ 8.5 billion , for the year that ended Aug. 31 , accounting for about a fifth of Accenture ’ s overall revenue . The unit , established in 2009 , ha acquired dozen of firm in recent year , but Droga5 is it biggest purchase and is expected to give Accenture Interactive new clout in North America .
 Mr. Droga , who will remain the agency ’ s creative chairman , said that while he had fielded acquisition offer before , he felt Accenture and his agency complemented each other .
 “ You can have the best advertising out there , but if the e-commerce is not good or the relationship with the customer and the experience isn ’ t great , then that ’ s irrelevant , ” Mr. Droga said .
 Mr. Paull said the deal represented a “ seismic shift for the industry . ”
 “ I really think it ’ s going to change the mind-set of how consultant are perceived , ” he said . While Accenture Interactive ha bought several creative agency overseas , they were “ nothing of this scale , and nothing a U.S.-centric a this . ”
 Mr. Droga and Mr. Whipple said they had started acquisition talk about a year ago , using the code name “ Stellwagen ” for the deal , a reference to a marine sanctuary . ( Mr. Whipple is an avid fisherman . ) Accenture said it would share more about the internal structure involving Mr. Droga , his executive and Mr. Whipple by the end of May .
 Analysts and investor have increasingly posed question to big advertising holding company about the threat posed by consulting firm . In recent month , executive from the holding company WPP and IPG have acknowledged their presence in public comment but noted that the firm were not yet big competitor in the creative realm .
 “ They have not made the investment in creativity that we believe is necessary to compete , ” Frank Mergenthaler , IPG ’ s chief financial officer , said of consulting firm at a conference last month .
 Mr. Whipple said that he viewed Accenture Interactive ’ s work in customer experience a a new category , and that the firm wa more likely to team up with the holding company than compete with them . Those partnership may happen le frequently with the acquisition of Droga5 , though , he said .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Fiction
 When you purchase an independently reviewed book through our site , we earn an affiliate commission .
 By Alec Nevala-Lee
 THE WALL By John Lanchester
 Earlier this year , The Times reported that President Trump ’ s pledge to build a border wall had been invented by his adviser a “ a memory trick ” to keep an unpredictable candidate focused on the issue of immigration . This tell u a lot about Trump , but it also speaks to the power of the wall a a symbol , which is both monumental in it simplicity and elusive enough to sustain any number of meaning , often based — a Ursula K. Le Guin note in “ The Dispossessed ” — on which side of it the observer happens to stand .
 This is the wall that fascinated Jorge Luis Borges , who marveled that the emperor who ordered the construction of the Great Wall of China also burned all of the book in his kingdom ; and Pink Floyd , who put it on the cover of an album about a celebrity who dream of becoming a dictator . John Lanchester ’ s new novel , also called “ The Wall , ” arrives at a moment in which the definition of a wall is a matter of national debate , and it actively invite such association . As the main character say on the first page , a he search for word to describe the wall of the title , “ You look for metaphor . ”
 The narrator is a young man with the Kafkaesque name of Joseph Kavanagh . He ha just arrived at the Wall , “ a long low concrete monster ” that run for thousand of kilometer around the periphery of an unnamed island nation , closing it off completely from the outside world . All citizen are required to serve there for two year a Defenders , forming the last line of resistance against the threat of an armed invasion . This recall the Night ’ s Watch of “ Game of Thrones , ” except that the country is recognizably Britain , and the enemy on the other side aren ’ t supernatural White Walkers , but human being in rowboat and dinghy .
 As in many dystopian novel , the narrative hint at it back story through the ominous appearance in the text of unexplained proper noun — the Change , the Breeders , the Others — before revealing that an environmental cataclysm ha produced rising sea level and extreme weather across the globe . Britain , which ha been spared the worst , us the Wall — a literal Brexit — to keep out both water and unwanted immigrant . As Kavanagh make modest plan for his future , fall in love and find small form of consolation , there are shade of Kazuo Ishiguro ’ s “ Never Let Me Go , ” but trouble lie ahead , and the second half turn into an ordeal that evokes Cormac McCarthy ’ s “ The Road . ”
 Like most of it literary precursor , “ The Wall ” open long after the Change , which allows Lanchester to present his society a a given , without having to worry about the detail of the transition — a luxury granted to novelist , if not politician . The catastrophe evidently happened over a short period of time , creating a historical dividing line a decisive a the Wall itself , and everyone know whose fault it wa : “ The world hadn ’ t always been like this and … the people responsible for it ending up like this were our parent — them and their generation . ”
 This kind of moral clarity ha little to do with the real devastation wrought by climate change , which promise to be just gradual enough to allow those who caused it to avoid blame during their lifetime . Lanchester ’ s vision of an agonized cultural reckoning seems like it own sort of wishful thinking , and even if we grant his premise , many of his conclusion — like the notion that most people would stop having baby out of sheer guilt — are le than persuasive . Yet if the novel succeeds only intermittently a a parable , it ’ s gripping a a story , especially when it leaf the Wall . As Lanchester put distance between himself and his gigantic symbol , the plot grows le constrained , and the last hundred page are full of tense action and sudden reversal that are mercifully unburdened by any allegorical significance .
 The result mark a step forward for Lanchester , a formidably intelligent author who ha sometimes stumbled over his undeniable gift . His debut , “ The Debt to Pleasure , ” wa so pleased by it Nabokovian conceit — a murderer ’ s confession posing a a cookbook — that it settled for a series of variation on the same dark joke . More recently , “ Capital ” wa a credible effort at a big social novel that wa so densely reported that it character barely had room to interact or change .
 For a certain type of realistic novelist , a shift to speculative fiction — which allows the writer to invent a well a observe — can be liberating . “ The Wall ” revel in this opportunity , but it occasionally falter under Lanchester ’ s decision , which echo “ Never Let Me Go , ” to keep most of his people slightly colorless , a if to contrast their ordinary inner life with their horrific situation . In practice , the narrator ’ s restricted voice prevents u from seeing his world a clearly a we should , and we learn frustratingly little about it most vulnerable actor — the climate refugee on the far side of the Wall .
 The novel gather momentum a it go , and few reader will stop until they reach it final page . Early in the book , Lanchester toy with the idea of “ concrete poetry , ” in which a poem is typeset to look like it subject , like a house or a Christmas tree . In it closing line , like the album of the same name , the novel double back on itself to take the shape of the Wall — but it life most vividly in the place where it meticulous structure break down . Lanchester construct a more elegant wall in prose than any politician could in concrete , but the limit that it imposes on itself are still barrier , no matter how artistically designed .
 Alec Nevala-Lee is the author of the group biography “ Astounding : John W. Campbell , Isaac Asimov , Robert A. Heinlein , L. Ron Hubbard , and the Golden Age of Science Fiction . ”
 THE WALL By John Lanchester 254 pp . W.W. Norton & Company . $ 25.95 .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Matt Stevens and Julia Jacobs
 A New Jersey mafia bos under strain who find himself in a psychiatrist ’ s office . A 30-something writer taking on the big city with her friend . A “ Mother of Dragons ” locked in an epic battle to sit on an iron throne .
 During Richard Plepler ’ s almost three decade at HBO , the premium cable channel ha shaped culture with unforgettable character and groundbreaking show that have forced viewer to grapple with topic like power , politics and sex . Often , the magic of such television series is the messy way those theme intersect .
 Mr. Plepler joined HBO a a public relation official in 1992 and rose through the rank . He abruptly stepped down a C.E.O . on Thursday . Here is a look at some of the network ’ s biggest hit during his tenure at the company .
 On June 6 , 1998 , the TV world wa introduced to Carrie , Charlotte , Miranda and Samantha — four single woman who took Manhattan by storm .
 Over six season , a show that began with joke about oral sex and orgasm offered a window into an upscale slice of New York City , spurring a generation of young , ambitious single woman to move there .
 Much ha been written since the show ended about how it changed television , and particularly about how it depicts female relationship and sexuality .
 Throughout the series , the city remained a constant companion of the four main character . When the show wa ending in 2004 , The New York Times wrote : “ Sometimes they swore off men — Samantha le than the others . But they never swore off the city . ”
 As soon a Tony Soprano went to therapy , “ The Sopranos ” became a sensation . Viewers , it turned out , had an appetite for complicated , ambitious storytelling . In 1999 , The Times said the show “ just may be the greatest work of American popular culture of the last quarter century . ”
 What followed wa a television revolution that helped establish HBO a a cultural force . Through “ The Sopranos , ” the writer and producer David Chase made literary symbolism , cinematic style and antihero the norm for high-end TV drama .
 Then , in 2007 , after a six-season run , it finally cut to black .
 Two year after “ Seinfeld ” made it exit , Larry David , the show ’ s co-creator , came to HBO with a semi-improvised , semi-autobiographical observational comedy .
 The show — about minutia , anxiety and show business — set a high-water mark for observational comedy . Somewhat like “ Seinfeld , ” but with more cursing , it is filled with lovable jerk pointing out the weird rule that guide all of our relationship .
 The series took a six-year hiatus between Season 8 and 9 , and will soon return for a 10th season .
 In her 2011 review , the Times critic Ginia Bellafante wrote that the screen translation of George R.R . Martin ’ s fantasy novel “ serf up a lot of confusion in the name of no larger or really relevant idea beyond sketchily fleshed-out notion that war is ugly , family are insidious and power is hot . ”
 One could say that is no longer the prevailing opinion .
 Though it is true there are enough character , kingdom and plot line to make your head spin , the series by the writer-producers David Benioff and D.B . Weiss may be HBO ’ s biggest hit ever . Even those with no interest in dragon have become absorbed in it storytelling , which enters it final season in April .
 That said , the dragon are pretty darn cool .
 “ I don ’ t want to freak you out , but I think that I may be the voice of my generation , ” say Lena Dunham ’ s character , Hannah , in the premiere of “ Girls . ”
 The line encapsulates the comical self-obsession of Hannah Horvath , a 20-something writer trying to “ find herself ” in New York City , along with three close female friend .
 The show wa a lightning rod for it audience , attracting both a loyal fan base and a steadfast community of ruthless critic .
 Many considered “ Girls ” to be groundbreaking for it portrayal of the awkward , unflattering moment during sex . There wa also plenty written about the lack of diversity in the show , which saw Brooklyn mostly through the eye of four white woman .
 One half-hour at a time , Selina Meyer and her fumbling White House staff try to play politics — and they usually don ’ t do it very well .
 In what is perhaps TV ’ s smartest inside-the-Beltway comedy , Meyer — played by Julia Louis-Dreyfus — get little respect and ha trouble earning any thanks , in part because her staff is spectacularly inept . It ’ s cynical , but in a good way , and very fast-moving . Check your phone and risk missing a snipe .
 The show ’ s seventh and final season will begin soon .
 The explosive popularity of the limited series wa further validated when HBO announced it would be coming back for an unexpected second season .
 The first season of the glossy drama center on a set of rich and feuding parent living in Monterey , Calif . They are all suspect in a crime that occurs in their town after the arrival of a young single mother and her 6-year-old son .
 The star of the show , Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman , lend the series it big-screen sparkle . That sparkle will only get brighter in the second season , which introduces Meryl Streep to the cast .
 An earlier version of this article misstated the length of Richard Plepler ’ s tenure a C.E.O . at HBO . He ha been chief executive since 2013 , not for “ almost three decade . ”



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Sharon LaFraniere
 WASHINGTON — After 23 month , 500 search warrant , 2,300 subpoena and a string of indictment , the result of the investigation by the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , will be public on Thursday in a nearly 400-page report . The treatise is likely to add significantly to our understanding of Russia ’ s 2016 election interference and President Trump ’ s effort to control federal inquiry into the matter .
 Attorney General William P. Barr said last month that the special counsel did not find that anyone associated with the Trump campaign worked with the Russian government to illegally influence the election . He also said there wa insufficient evidence that Mr. Trump illegally obstructed justice . But Americans have been eagerly waiting to hear from Mr. Mueller ’ s investigator in their own word .
 Whether you have followed every step of the investigation or are tuning in after month of avoiding the headline , here is a primer for the report ’ s release .
 Thursday morning , according to the Justice Department .
 The Justice Department is expected to publish it on the special counsel ’ s website . The New York Times will be offering live update and analysis of the key finding , a will most likely every major news organization .
 Mr. Barr will also hold a news conference at 9:30 a.m. Thursday to discus the finding of the investigation , a Justice Department spokeswoman said . The department plan to turn the report over to Congress between 11 a.m. and noon on CDs , and it will be posted online sometime after , according to a senior department official .
 Mr. Barr ha said that law enforcement official are blacking out sensitive information and that the redaction will be color-coded so we will know the reason behind each one . They will fall into four category :
 1 . Information that ha been presented to a grand jury , which is subject to secrecy rule . This could conceivably cover a lot of material .
 2 . Material that intelligence official fear could compromise sensitive source and method . This would include information from F.B.I . informant and foreign ally .
 3 . Information that could hamper other current investigation , including spinoffs of the Mueller inquiry . Federal prosecutor in Brooklyn and Manhattan are investigating the finance of the Trump inaugural committee and hush payment intended to cover up a sex scandal that threatened to upend Mr. Trump ’ s campaign .
 4 . Material that the Justice Department belief would unfairly infringe on the privacy and damage the reputation of “ peripheral third party . ”
 Mr. Barr ’ s concern are standard for prosecutor handling sensitive information . “ It is not like there is anything crazy on his list , ” said Mary McCord , who led the Justice Department ’ s national security division from 2016 to 2017 .
 Prosecutors are prohibited under a federal rule of criminal procedure from disclosing grand jury material . They also try not to jeopardize intelligence source and method that contribute to the nation ’ s security .
 They want to keep current criminal inquiry a quiet a possible to maximize investigator ’ leverage and to protect the reputation of people who may never be charged with a crime . And they try not to publicly identify witness or other peripheral figure for the same reason .
 “ These are well-established principle , ” Ms. McCord said . “ But it remains to be seen how broadly or narrowly Barr applies them . And of course because we won ’ t know what ha been redacted , we can ’ t make much of a judgment about whether he ha been too broad or not . ”
 The only yardstick for the general public — a highly imperfect one — will be the percentage of the report that is hidden from view . “ If nine-tenths of the report is blacked out , I think we confidently can then say , ‘ Yes , that is too broad , ’ ” Ms. McCord said .
 Reporters are likely to make a beeline to the section of the report that address why Mr. Mueller decided not to draw a conclusion about whether Mr. Trump obstructed justice , citing “ difficult issue ” of law and fact .
 Mr. Barr resolved those issue , deciding that there wa insufficient evidence that the president had committed a crime . The report should either bolster that finding or call it into question .
 Mr. Barr ’ s brief summation of the report ’ s main finding , released last month , suggested that prosecutor were unable to show that the president acted with “ corrupt intent ” to block the federal inquiry . The report is expected to address whether and why that wa so . It may render some judgment on the president ’ s refusal to be interviewed in person and whether that hampered prosecutor .
 More than two year of criminal indictment and steady revelation about Trump campaign contact with Russians reveal the scope of the special counsel investigation .
 Reporters will also zero in on what about the president ’ s conduct raised the possibility he may have obstructed justice . Mr. Barr told Congress last month that “ a number of action by the president ” prompted concern , “ most of which have been the subject of public reporting . ”
 Mr. Barr ’ s comment implied there were troubling action that have not yet been revealed . Does the report detail them ?
 We don ’ t know . The House Judiciary Committee ha authorized a subpoena for the entire text of the report and the underlying evidence . The committee ha not set a date to issue the subpoena . And Mr. Barr ha said he is willing to consider whether he can share more information with the House and Senate Judiciary committee than he decided to release publicly .
 But Democrats on the House Judiciary Committee are unlikely to be satisfied with a briefing or partial release ; it appears likely that Representative Jerrold Nadler , Democrat of New York and the head of the committee , will issue the subpoena .
 Whether the committee would release whatever information it get is unclear . The Justice Department would probably resist the public disclosure of information it ha deemed confidential or classified , setting up a battle in court .
 Far from it . Even if much of the nation ha moved on to “ Game of Thrones , ” this saga will continue .
 Mr. Barr pledged to investigate the origin of the F.B.I. ’ s counterintelligence investigation into Russia ’ s election interference , which Mr. Mueller took over in May 2017 . Congressional Democrats want to scrutinize the decision by the special counsel and the attorney general , a well a Mr. Trump ’ s own behavior .
 Mr. Barr ha voluntarily agreed to explain his decision to the House and Senate Judiciary committee in early May . The House committee is also likely to call Mr. Mueller to testify .
 House Democrats are busy with their own investigation into matter related to the Mueller inquiry , including whether the president abused his power or obstructed justice and whether foreign government exerted improper influence over Mr. Trump and his family .
 In the Senate , the intelligence committee is still working on it own report that will address some of the same question that the Mueller team investigated . Lawmakers may propose policy change to protect American election from future foreign interference .
 In short , the cottage industry of investigator that ha sprung up in the past two year expects to be busy until at least the next presidential election .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Andrea Kannapell and Lisa Iaboni
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good evening . Here ’ s the latest .
 1 . Fire ravaged the Cathedral of Notre-Dame .
 Thousands of people watched in shock from the bank of the Seine , and many more were riveted to television screen , a flame tore through the beloved medieval landmark ’ s wooden roof . Its iconic spire collapsed .
 Gray smoke filled the Paris sky into the night a firefighter struggled to contain the blaze , which official said had begun in the attic . Here ’ s the latest .
 No cause wa identified a of this writing , nor any injury . The cathedral had been undergoing extensive renovation , including work on the spire .
 We have photo and video of the disaster , and a short history of this scarred jewel of Gothic architecture .
 _____
 2 . In the U.S. , President Trump visited Burnsville , Minn. , for a round table on the economy and tax reform , above .
 That took him near the district represented by one of his new political target : Ilhan Omar , a Democrat and one of the first Muslim woman elected to Congress . He ha portrayed her remark addressing the suspicion directed at American Muslims after Sept. 11 a dismissive of the terrorist attack .
 She ha reported a rise in death threat against her .
 And we have the back story on a meeting at the White House last month that set off the purge of homeland security official . The key ingredient : the fury of Stephen Miller , the 33-year-old White House senior adviser , that they had not put into effect the policy he pushed .
 _____
 3 . The Mueller report will be released to Congress and the public on Thursday , the Justice Department said .
 Attorney General William Barr will offer the report after lawyer from Justice and the office of the special counsel , Robert Mueller , finish reviewing the voluminous report on the 22-month investigation .
 They ’ re blacking out passage involving secret grand jury testimony , classified information , material related to continuing investigation and other sensitive information .
 _____
 4 . Meanwhile , it ’ s tax day for most of the U.S. People in Maine and Massachusetts , which celebrate holiday today , have until midnight Wednesday .
 We assessed how the Trump administration ’ s tax cut appear to be unfolding .
 Senator Bernie Sanders , pictured above at a rally in Pittsburgh on Sunday , disclosed 10 year of his tax return . They show a sharp rise in income following his first presidential bid , when he built up a national following and his book sold widely . That income , more than $ 1 million , put him in the top 1 percent of taxpayer .
 We ’ re also watching for campaign finance declaration from all the presidential candidate , including Pete Buttigieg , who joined the field over the weekend . Their deadline is midnight .
 _____
 5 . At least 17 tornado ripped through Texas , Mississippi , Alabama and Ohio over the weekend , and powerful storm swept across the South to the Northeast .
 Nine people , including three child , were killed — though none , amazingly , in the flattened town of Franklin , Tex. , above .
 By this morning , most of the severe weather wa pushing off the East Coast .
 _____
 6 . A New York miracle :
 The three people in the small plane above were spared a probably fatal crash on Sunday night — by getting tangled up in aboveground utility cable .
 The plane had run out of fuel above Long Island a it circled for a seventh attempt to land in thick fog . The three aboard , all men from Flushing , were uninjured , except , the police said , for a single sprained finger .
 ___
 7 . One of our most-read article today is about how some city are considering using their relative stability in the face of climate change a a demographic lure .
 The mayor in Duluth , Minn. , ha been intrigued by the idea of becoming a climate refuge . “ It ’ s not a cold a you think , ” go one possible slogan . Above , skier on Lake Superior last month .
 Buffalo ha floated the idea a well .
 Separately , there wa sad news for bike-share rider who ’ ve come to love a power assist . Lyft-owned company pulled their electric bike from New York , San Francisco and Washington . Dozens of rider have reported injury while riding , possibly because the front-wheel braking is too powerful .
 _____
 8 . Triumphs in sport .
 In the Boston Marathon , Lawrence Cherono of Kenya , above left , beat Lelisa Desisa of Ethiopia to the men ’ s victory by just a stride , in 2:07:57 , while Worknesh Degefa of Ethiopia ran away from the field of woman , finishing in 2:23:31 .
 In the push rim wheelchair competition , Daniel Romanchuk , a 20-year-old American , became the youngest winner , in 1:21:36 . Manuela Schar of Switzerland won the woman ’ s event for a second time , at 1:34:19 .
 And the awe over Tiger Woods ’ s win at the Masters on Sunday is far from over — he ’ s joined the rank of the greatest comeback in sport history .
 _____
 9 . Pulitzer Prizes :
 The Sun Sentinel of South Florida won the prize for public service , the most prestigious of the annual award for journalism , for it coverage of the deadly shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School . Above , the reaction in the newsroom .
 The Times celebrated two : one for the investigative team that unmasked the dubious tax scheme President Trump and his sibling used to avoid tax on hundred of million of dollar from their father ’ s real estate empire ; and one for editorial writing , for essay by Brent Staples that helped rewrite the history of race in America .
 Here ’ s the full list of winner .
 _____
 10 . And finally , for your entertainment :
 Our television editor himself recapped Episode 1 of the final season of “ Game of Thrones. ” ( Do we need to warn you ? Spoilers ! )
 Or let this thoughtful exploration of the attraction of animal video give you permission to enjoy a few . Or skip right over to this epic face-off : bird versus cat .
 Have a delightful evening .
 Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern .
 And don ’ t miss Your Morning Briefing . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning .
 Want to catch up on past briefing ? You can browse them here .
 What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let u know at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 The Tampa Bay Lightning carved out their own slice of NHL history during a dominant regular season in which they tied the league record for most victory .
 A fourth straight loss to the Columbus Blue Jackets on Tuesday , and the Lightning will have a chapter of NHL lore all to themselves . And not the good kind .
 No Presidents ' Trophy winner ha ever been swept in the opening round of the playoff . Yet Tampa Bay find itself three period away from an unprecedented postseason exit heading into Game 4 ( 7 p.m. EDT , CNBC ) .
 `` It 's a tough position that we 're in right now , '' Lightning captain Steven Stamkos said . `` But we have to believe that with the group we have — whoever is in the lineup or not — that we can win a game and get back to Tampa . ''
 Sidney Crosby and the Pittsburgh Penguins face a similarly bleak outlook .
 Three game against the largely unknown and decidedly unheralded New York Islanders have come and gone . The Penguins do n't have a win , Crosby doe n't have a point and if Pittsburgh ca n't find a way to solve New York 's byzantine defensive structure and red-hot goaltender Robin Lehner ( 7:30 p.m. EDT , NBCSN ) , a team that entered the playoff in search of a third Stanley Cup in four year will head into an offseason of soul searching .
 `` We ca n't get those game back at once , '' Crosby said . `` You 've got to trust what 's gotten to you to this point and what our strength are and how we 've gotten here . ''
 Only four team have ever climbed out of an 0-3 deficit to win a best-of-seven series , the last by the Los Angeles Kings against the San Jose Sharks in the 2014 Western Conference quarterfinal .
 The Lightning have been outscored 12-2 since taking an early 3-0 advantage in Game 1 and Pittsburgh ha led for all of 3:17 through nine-plus period against the Islanders . Though Tampa Bay will get star Nikita Kucherov back after serving a one-game suspension for an illegal hit on Columbus defenseman Markus Nutivaara in Game 2 , the Lightning understand their issue run far deeper than Kucherov 's absence .
 `` There are play to be made out there that I think we left on the table , '' coach Jon Cooper said . `` We 've just got to execute better , and that go for everybody . ''
 It 's much the same in Pittsburgh . The Penguins own the NHL 's longest active playoff streak at 13 year and counting . Not once ha their stay lasted just four game . Yet they have been unable to generate any sustained pressure against Lehner , a journeyman who is flourishing at the back end of coach Barry Trotz 's defense-first system .
 Still , Lehner blanches at the idea that the Islanders — who have just one postseason series win since 1993 — are close to pulling off some kind of upset .
 `` It ca n't be a surprise , '' said Lehner , who ha stopped 103 of the 108 shot he 's faced so far . `` This team wa no fluke this year . Everyone look and compare player and all that stuff . I look at our roster and see a lot of really good player , and I see a really good organization and great coaching and great defensemen . I see a lot of heart . It should n't be a surprise . ''
 Like New York , Columbus doe n't have any recent history to draw from . Or any for that matter . The Blue Jackets have never reached the second round in franchise history . In fact , their 3-1 triumph in Game 3 marked the first time they 've won a many a three game in a playoff series .
 They 're well aware getting the fourth will be the hardest one of all .
 `` We 're a team that 's never gotten ahead of ourselves , '' Columbus forward Nick Foligno said . `` We 're excited about the opportunity we 've given ourselves but we know it 's going to be the hardest game of the series . ''
 Maybe , but for both Pittsburgh and Tampa Bay , the hard work is just beginning if they want to pull off the improbable .
 Penguins coach Mike Sullivan gave his team Monday off in attempt to give his player a chance to give their leg a rest . Sullivan , who ha lost just once in 10 previous playoff series in Pittsburgh , planned to use the down time to catch up on `` Game of Thrones . ''
 He know more than anyone that if the Penguins ca n't get it together , summer is coming earlier than anyone expected .
 WINNIPEG at ST. LOUIS ( 9:30 p.m. EDT , CNBC )
 The home team is still searching for it first victory in this topsy-turvy series . The Blues lead 2-1 heading into Game 4 on Tuesday but rookie goaltender Jordan Binnington allowed more than four goal for the first time in his young career in Game 3 . The puck slipped past the 25-year-old six time over the final 35 minute a the Jets regained some of their swagger .
 `` We 're building every shift , every game throughout the series , '' said Jets forward Kyle Connor , who scored twice in Game 3 . `` We 're getting close to our game and it 's pretty dangerous . ''
 St. Louis star Vladimir Tarasenko shrugged off the loss .
 `` There 's no panic here . Nobody said it wa going to be easy , '' he said . `` We 'll be ready for a war next game . ''
 SAN JOSE at VEGAS ( 10:30 p.m. EDT , NBCSN )
 The Golden Knights took a step toward knocking the Sharks out of the playoff for the second straight year by rolling to a 6-3 win in Game 3 to take a 2-1 lead . Vegas forward Max Pacioretty stressed his team is wary regardless of how easy they 've made it look by taking Games 2 and 3 by a combined 11-6 .
 `` You lose the first one and you play a bad game but having that confidence come back in Game 2 and 3 and play strong so we 've got to remember that , '' Pacioretty said . `` This is an opposite scenario where we ca n't get too high about ourselves . We know that they are going to show up better next game and we got to be ready for it . ''
 ___
 AP Sports Writer Mitch Stacy in Columbus , Ohio , and W.G . Ramirez in Las Vegas contributed to this report .
 ___
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Mike Hale
 In “ Black Earth Rising , ” new Friday on Netflix , everyone is sick . The African president ? Seizures . The war criminal ? Brain tumor . The American official ? Ovarian cyst . The war-crimes lawyer ? Prostate cancer .
 What they ’ ve really got a case of , though , is that favorite malady of art house movie and their prestige-television offspring : the modern world . In the unlikely event that you ’ re not clear on this , the writer and director Hugo Blick spell it out toward the end of the eight-episode BBC series . “ Is everyone in my world ill ? ” one of the sickies asks , to which another reply , “ Call it a symptom of collective guilt . ”
 The source of that guilt , in this case , is the Rwandan genocide of 1994 and the conflict it generated . The larger indictment is of colonialism and post-colonial condescension and exploitation , though from a Western angle in which the doughty , underappreciated British do what they can to set thing right . ( The Americans and the French , not so much . )
 Michaela Coel star a Kate Ashby , a genocide survivor raised in Britain who now work a an investigator for Michael Ennis , an American lawyer in London who specializes in war-crimes case and is played , slyly and effervescently , by John Goodman . They become involved in the attempt to extradite an accused genocidaire back to Rwanda , a case whose complication provide a varied assessment of the region ’ s history and prospect while stringing out a murderous conspiracy plot and eventually revealing the dark secret of Kate ’ s childhood .
 Blick ha been here before . One of the most striking thing about “ Black Earth Rising ” is it similarity to the previous series he wrote and directed , “ The Honourable Woman , ” which starred Maggie Gyllenhaal a an Anglo-Israeli businesswoman . Both take a bloody , complex , seemingly intractable international situation ( Palestine and Israel in the earlier show ) and tie it to a mystery thriller that play out in direly melodramatic fashion .
 More particularly , each center on a woman who outdoes everyone else onscreen in victimhood . Like Gyllenhaal ’ s character in “ Honourable Woman , ” Kate is defined by suffering and trauma . The redemption , or at least resolution , each story offer is the heroine ’ s coming to term with the horror of her past .
 The allegorical intertwining of personal and world history can certainly work — “ Reds ” come to mind . But Blick is so unsubtle a a writer and , it appears , so unhelpful a a director that he torpedo the fine actress he cast . You could set your watch by the time Gyllenhaal had to play her character in some sort of helpless breakdown . ( She did it well enough to win a Golden Globe . )
 As Kate , Coel ha the slight advantage of playing anger rather than grief , though her character , a written , is no le cardboard than Gyllenhaal ’ s wa . She ’ s another avatar of injustice and post-traumatic stress , once again embodied a a female emotional basket case .
 And so Coel , the brilliant writer and comic actor of “ Chewing Gum , ” play nearly every scene at the edge of a violent outburst and frequently beyond , into screaming jag of profanity and sarcasm . You can see the idea here — she ’ s so damaged she can ’ t help herself , and why should she ? — and Coel doe it with skill and great presence , but it doesn ’ t add up to a character , or a full-fledged performance . Presumably , though , it ’ s what Blick wanted .
 And if he ha a method , it ’ s overstatement . His character don ’ t talk to each other — they give speech , deliver homily , make accusation or confession and quote poetry , anything to avoid a normal human conversation . As a director , when he ’ s not being grimly literal , he ’ s all flourish and shock effect .
 When an unrepentant colonialist blow his brain out , they splatter all over a wall map of Africa . A conversation between two people sitting next to each other in a car is shot from outside their respective windshield , cutting between their separate face . ( They ’ re together but alone . We get it . ) A standard , static shot of police car arriving for an arrest stretch out to nearly a minute .
 ( To be fair , there ’ s nothing in “ Black Earth Rising ” that match the scene in “ Honourable Woman ” in which a wife who ha just shot the terrorist who killed her husband go into labor and delivers a child while her house is being stormed by commando . )
 Along the way the series occasionally generates some suspense , and it ’ s pretty to look at , thanks to the cinematographer Hubert Taczanowski . Despite it deficiency a drama , it also deserves credit for tying it narrative to recent African history and giving serious consideration to shattering event outside the Western Hemisphere .
 It ha sharp , moving performance by a supporting cast of African birth or heritage that includes Noma Dumezweni ( Hermione in “ Harry Potter and the Cursed Child ” onstage ) , Lucian Msamati ( of the Royal Shakespeare Company and “ Game of Thrones ” ) and Abena Ayivor .
 Best of all , it ha Goodman , who combine intelligence and joy like no other actor , and here doe everything he can to bring some humanity to Blick ’ s illustrated lecture . Across eight hour , even the gravest subject benefit from a sense of humor .
 Black Earth RisingStreaming on Netflix on Friday



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Billions
 By Sean T. Collins
 “ You win some , lose some , it ’ s all the same to me , ” howl Lemmy Kilmister , the raspy singer-bassist of the heavy metal band Motörhead in their signature song , “ Ace of Spades. ” As he explains over warp-speed riffing , when it come to gambling , “ the pleasure is to play . ”
 The metal fandom of the hedge-fund billionaire Bobby Axelrod ( Damian Lewis ) ha been a key trait of that character from the start . It is equal part enjoyment and self-aggrandizing , bad-boy image-making . But rarely had it been deployed a astutely a when he made his first onscreen appearance this week , in the Season 4 premiere of Showtime ’ s ruthlessly entertaining financial thriller , “ Billions. ” As “ Ace of Spades ” power the soundtrack , we ’ re reminded that no matter what game they ’ re playing , men like Axe aren ’ t happy unless they go all-in on every hand .
 For Axe , the game is getting dangerous . He and Chuck Rhoades ( Paul Giamatti ) , the former United States Attorney and Bobby ’ s former enemy , achieved détente at the end of Season 3 , having colluded to avoid bringing Bobby to trial in a case that would have ruined him and his in-house performance coach , Wendy Rhoades ( Maggie Siff ) — who is also Chuck ’ s wife . But now Axe is facing an even more implacable foe in Grigor Andolov ( John Malkovich ) , a rich and vicious Russian .
 Andolov is backing the breakaway firm founded by Axelrod ’ s brilliant young ex-employee Taylor Mason ( Asia Kate Dillon ) . Axe being Axe , he ’ s intent on making Taylor pay for this act of rebellion ; Grigor being Grigor , he ’ s not about to let anyone interfere with his new investment .
 In an elaborate scheme first teased in a flash-forward , Andolov arranges to have Mike Wagner ( David Costabile ) , Axe ’ s impish right-hand man , better known a Wags , imprisoned within the embassy of a Middle Eastern nation whose investment Axe had been courting . Axe , who know Taylor ha been gunning for the country ’ s cash , too — in shockingly effective femme fatale drag , no le — is desperate to get his man back for business reason a well a personal one . Only when he manages to procure an embassy audience himself doe he uncover the true architect of the crime .
 Chuck ’ s story line , meanwhile , is redolent of the machination that made middle-season “ Game of Thrones ” episode so much fun to watch . ( And if there ’ s a single character in this series who hasn ’ t watched every single episode of that sword-and-skulduggery show , I will personally wax Wags ’ s mustache . ) Like a tristate Tyrion Lannister , Rhoades spends the episode using the interest of one New York power player against the next . It ’ s like the nursery rhyme about the old lady who swallowed a fly , each new and preposterous step dictated by the last .
 Fired from his job a a United States attorney by the vindictive right-wing attorney general Jock Jeffcoat ( Clancy Brown ) , Rhoades is not content with life in the private sector . To prove he still ha political clout , Chuck need to procure a concealed-carry permit for a local bigwig — a tall order , given New York ’ s tough gun-control law . ( The episode wa written and filmed before the revelation that Donald Trump and Michael Cohen secured such permit under dubious circumstance . )
 Pulling it off requires the support of Commissioner Richie Sansome ( Michael Rispoli of “ The Sopranos ” and “ The Deuce ” ) , who feel Chuck ’ s reign a the region ’ s top prosecutor never did the department any favor . If he doe the commish a favor , however …
 With a mixture of desperation and deftness , Chuck construct an elaborate Rube Goldberg device of quid pro quo exchange among the city ’ s most privileged and powerful . Nearly all of the palm-greasing and back-scratching is ridiculously petty . At one point in the chain , the real-life advertising executive Donny Deutsch demand primo ski lodge pass in exchange for seat at the child ’ s Hanukkah service in a major Manhattan congregation — apparently the hottest ticket in town .
 The endgame involves creating a fake birth certificate for the star pitcher on the commissioner ’ s Police Athletic League baseball team so that the too-old immigrant teenager can keep on winning . The whole absurd sequence is “ Billions ” at it best , using detail-driven plot mechanic to paint a larger picture of how power operates .
 Chuck and the commissioner wind up celebrating their shared victory by drinking themselves stupid at Sparks Steak House , the site where John Gotti murdered of the Gambino family bos Paul Castellano . ( Needless to say , this too wa written into the show long before the apparent execution last week of Francesco Cali , who wa alleged to be that family ’ s most recent bos . ) Rhoades wind up paraphrasing Oscar Wilde a he and Sansome lie in the gutter and look up at the star , but the self-made comparison to organized crime is much more revealing than the pretension to literary grandeur .
 It ’ s all quintessential “ Billions , ” in large part because of how inessential the action is for either Chuck or Bobby . No one is forcing Axe to spy on , undercut and otherwise mess with his former protégé Taylor and thus risk Andolov ’ s wrath . And a domineering a Chuck ’ s father ( Jeffrey DeMunn ) might be — “ I would slap your face and tell you to act like a man , if I didn ’ t think it would turn you on , ” he tell his son — the younger Rhoades is under no obligation to get back in the political ring .
 But everything for Chuck come down to what Charles Sr. say to him about getting that permit : “ The very difficulty of it is why you must. ” And to borrow a sobriquet from Wags ( who delivers it in his usual obscene fashion ) , an “ American oligarch ” like Axe can ’ t back down from a fight either . To do so would be for either man to betray their nature . As Motörhead would put it , gambling ’ s for fool , but that ’ s the way they like it , baby .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Marc Santora
 BRIJESTA , Croatia — China ’ s premier surveyed construction of a long-sought bridge over Croatia ’ s Mali Ston Bay , home to China ’ s largest infrastructure project in Europe — built by a Chinese company with Chinese worker , and financed in large part by European Union money .
 A driving rain lashed the hill while the premier , Li Keqiang , wa there on Thursday . But , Mr. Li declared , “ This bridge will be a rainbow on earth . ”
 The reassuring language wa part of a broader effort to convince increasingly skeptical European nation that China come in peace .
 Fresh from a summit meeting with European Union leader this week , Mr. Li , who a premier is China ’ s second-highest official after President Xi Jinping , arrived in Croatia for the annual meeting of an economic bloc that China ha forged with 16 Central and Eastern European nation .
 The thickening rank of China ’ s economic ally have left European official increasingly wary . Last month , Italy formally signed on to China ’ s vast ‘ ‘ One Belt , One Road ’ ’ project , new Silk Road into Europe . On Friday , the summit meeting wa capped by Greece ’ s announcement that it had joined , too .
 That doe not mean that all is rose even between China and it newly forged economic ally in the group . But by aggressively courting the nation on Europe ’ s eastern and southern flank , Western official worry that China is stoking division within the European Union .
 Mr. Li ha tried all week to allay those concern , promising progress on fair-trade issue with Europe , even a he pursues deeper cooperation .
 “ This is not Game of Thrones , ” Mr. Li said upon arriving in Croatia this week , referring to the HBO hit series , which wa filmed in part in Dubrovnik , where the summit meeting wa held . “ This is a reflection of win-win cooperation . ”
 The 16 plus 1 Group wa formed after Premier Wen Jiabao ’ s historic visit to Poland in 2012 . At the time , many country in the region felt left out of Brussels ’ negotiation with China . The grouping wa framed by Beijing a an opportunity to give them a greater voice .
 Skeptics immediately suspected that China had other intention , but the economic benefit of trade with China have been hard to resist . That ha been so even for Germany and France , which have not formally signed on to Belt and Road , let alone Italy or Greece , which are desperate for investment .
 China ha already moved ahead with plan to make the Greek port of Piraeus the “ dragon head ” of it infrastructure push , and it ha stepped up investment in Greece , which is still smarting from the austerity measure imposed by it European partner .
 “ I think that the fact that today we became 17 plus one is the good news of the day , ” Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tspiras said on Friday . “ I look forward to working with all of you in the framework of this initiative in full respect of the rule and procedure of the European Union . ”
 China ’ s presence is no longer a novelty in this part of Europe , where it track record is decidedly more complicated than it wa when the economic bloc wa formed .
 For instance , after year of investment failing to materialize , Poland , the largest nation in the group and once one of it biggest champion , ha cooled on China . The arrest in Poland of a Chinese regional director of the tech giant Huawei underscored the changing nature of the relationship .
 Similarly , the Czech Republic , led by the avowed Sinophile President Milos Zeman , ha traditionally been among Europe ’ s most solicitous nation . But call by it cybersecurity agency to limit the use of Huawei a well a the tech giant ZTE in critical infrastructure have infuriated Beijing .
 80 MILES
 SLOVENIA
 Zagreb
 CROATIA
 BOSNIA AND
 HERZEGOVINA
 Area of detail
 ITALY
 Mali Ston
 Bay
 Bosnia and
 Herzegovina
 BRIDGE
 SITE
 PELJESAC
 Croatia
 Dubrovnik
 Adriatic Sea
 10 mile
 By The New York Times
 In Hungary , Prime Minister Viktor Orban declared his China friendly ‘ ‘ Opening to the East ’ ’ policy in 2010 , and ha sought to use the prospect of a flood of money from China a leverage in his ongoing battle with Brussels over his government ’ s authoritarian drift . Yet there have been no major new Chinese investment for the past seven year .
 A high-profile plan for China to build a railroad from Belgrade to Budapest remains hopelessly stalled .
 In fact , the pace of Chinese investment in Europe ha slowed for the past two year , according to the Mercator Institute for Chinese Studies . In 2018 , there wa more than $ 19 billion in direct Chinese investment in Europe , a decline of 40 percent from 2017 , and over 50 percent from the 2016 peak of around $ 42 billion .
 And this wa before the European Commission published it “ EU-China , a Strategic Outlook ” in March , labeling China a “ systemic rival ” and a “ strategic competitor . ”
 “ Instead of engaging endlessly with China and pleading for it to change it way , ” said François Godement , a senior adviser for Asia at the Institut Montaigne in Paris , “ the Commission suggests that Europe should change track and adopt a set of robust defensive policy , some of which will have an effect whatever China ’ s response may be . ”
 Mr. Li used the summit meeting to push back against those who accuse China of not playing by the same set of rule a other nation , demanding that Europe respect Beijing ’ s “ One China ” policy a it relates to Taiwan , while China doe not respect the idea of “ One Europe . ”
 “ China will continue to firmly support the European integration process , ” Mr. Li promised on Friday . “ We will take a fair and nondiscriminatory approach to treat each others ’ company with openness and transparency . ''
 Philippe Le Corre , a senior fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School , said new stringent screening measure for Chinese investment within the E.U . were a significant development that could test how much the rhetoric match the reality .
 Already , he said , it wa clear that China wa fairing much better in the five Balkan nation that are not a part of the E.U .
 “ This is why it is critical that Brussels continues to work to bring these country into the fold , ” he said .
 The choice of Croatia to host the summit meeting , he said , wa significant because a the newest member of the European Union , joining in 2013 , it ha forged one of the strongest partnership with China , best seen in the bridge project .
 Construction of a bridge over the Mali Ston Bay , linking the southern Peljesac peninsula with the rest of the country , had been stalled for decade .
 In June 2017 , the European Union announced an allocation of 357 million euro , or $ 413 million — about 85 percent of the bridge ’ s cost .
 The next year , a state-owned Chinese construction firm , the China Road and Bridge Corporation , undercut it nearest competitor by some $ 100 million to secure the bid . Construction began last summer and it is expected to be completed in 2021 .
 Mr. Li , who arrived to a band of traditional Croatian singer and a phalanx of Chinese worker in CBRC rain slicker lining the road , said the bridge wa evidence that China could work in partnership and harmony .
 “ The bridge is a pilot project not only for 16 plus 1 initiative cooperation , but also for our cooperation with the E.U. , ” he said .
 Joseph Orovic contributed reporting .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 The network must be secure enough for the innovation it promise .
 By Tom Wheeler
 Mr. Wheeler is a former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission .
 The Trump administration ’ s so-called “ race ” with China to build new fifth-generation ( 5G ) wireless network is speeding toward a network vulnerable to Chinese ( and other ) cyberattacks . So far , the Trump administration ha focused on blocking Chinese company from being a part of the network , but these effort are far from sufficient . We can not allow the hype about 5G to overshadow the absolute necessity that it be secure .
 Our current wireless network are fourth-generation , or 4G . It wa 4G that gave u the smartphone . Reaching the next level of mobile service , however , requires increased speed on the network . Fifth-generation network are designed to be 10 to 100 time faster than today ’ s typical wireless connection with much lower latency ( response time ) . These speed will open up all kind of new functional possibility . Those new function , in turn , will attract cyberintrusions just like honey attracts a bear .
 Some envision 5G a a kind of “ wireless fiber ” for the delivery of television and internet much like a cable system doe today . Iranians hacking the delivery of “ Game of Thrones ” isn ’ t good , but the real transformational promise of 5G go far beyond wireless cable and it security is much more critical .
 The most exciting part of the 5G future is how it speed will change the very nature of the internet . Thus far , the internet ha been all about transporting data from point A to point B. Today ’ s internet-connected car may be able to get driving direction sent to it , but it is essentially the same a getting email : the one-way transportation of pre-existing information . The autonomous car is something vastly different , in which the 5G network allows computer to orchestrate a flood of information from multitude of input sensor for real time , on-the-fly decision-making . It is estimated that the data output of a single autonomous vehicle in one day will be equal to today ’ s daily data output of three thousand people .
 Leadership in 5G technology is not just about building a network , but also about whether that network will be secure enough for the innovation it promise . And the 5G “ race ” is more complex and dangerous than industry and the Trump administration portray . When 5G enables autonomous vehicle , do we want those car and truck crashing into each other because the Russians hacked the network ? If 5G will be the backbone of breakthrough such a remote surgery , should that network be vulnerable to the North Koreans breaking into a surgical procedure ? Innovators , investor and user need confidence in the network ’ s cybersecurity if it much-heralded promise is to be realized .
 “ It is imperative that America be first in fifth-generation ( 5G ) wireless technology , ” President Trump wrote in an October Presidential Memorandum of instruction to federal agency . While the administration , especially the Trump Federal Communications Commission ( F.C.C . ) , make much of how the 5G “ race ” with China is a matter of national security , not enough effort is being put into the security of the network itself . Nowhere in the president ’ s directive , for instance , wa there a word about protecting the cybersecurity of the new network .
 As the President ’ s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee told him in November , “ the cybersecurity threat now pose an existential threat to the future of the Nation. ” Last January , the brightest technical mind in the intelligence community , working with the White House National Security Council ( N.S.C . ) , warned of the 5G cybersecurity threat . When the proposed solution included security through a federally-owned network backbone , the wireless industry screamed in protest . The chairman of the Trump F.C.C . quickly echoed the industry line that “ the market , not government , is best positioned to drive innovation and leadership. ” Government ownership may not be practicable , but the concern in the N.S.C . report have been dismissed too readily .
 Worse than ignoring the warning , the Trump administration ha repealed existing protection . Shortly after taking office , the Trump F.C.C . removed a requirement imposed by the Obama F.C.C . that the 5G technical standard must be designed from the outset to withstand cyberattacks . For the first time in history , cybersecurity wa being required a a forethought in the design of a new network standard — until the Trump F.C.C . repealed it . The Trump F.C.C . also canceled a formal inquiry seeking input from the country ’ s best technical mind about 5G security , retracted an Obama-era F.C.C . white paper about reducing cyberthreats , and questioned whether the agency had any responsibility for the cybersecurity of the network they are entrusted with overseeing .
 The simple fact is that our wireless network are not a secure a they could be because they weren ’ t designed to withstand the kind of cyberattacks that are now common . This isn ’ t the fault of the company that built the network , but a reflection that when the standard for the current fourth-generation ( 4G ) technology were set year ago , cyberattacks were not a front-and-center concern .
 The Trump administration ha been told that cybersecurity is an “ existential risk. ” The new Congress should use it oversight power to explore just why the administration ha failed to protect against that risk , especially when it come to the next generation of network .
 Tom Wheeler , the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission from 2013 to 2017 , is a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution and a fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School . His new book , “ From Gutenberg to Google : The History of Our Future , ” will be published in February .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Andrea Kannapell and Hiroko Masuike
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good evening . Here ’ s the latest .
 1 . A purge at the Department of Homeland Security .
 A day after pushing out the secretary , Kirstjen Nielsen , President Trump moved to sweep out others in the department ’ s top rank : the head of U.S . Citizenship and Immigration Services , the Secret Service director and the department ’ s general counsel .
 Mr. Trump ha been pushing for even harsher border policy than Ms. Nielsen presided over , and to resume separating family . Above , Central American migrant turned themselves in at the border in Texas on Saturday .
 And his scrutiny of the Secret Service appears to have risen since agent arrested a Chinese woman over a week ago at Mar-a-Lago , his Florida resort . More detail about that case came out at a court hearing today .
 _____
 2 . On the eve of Israeli election , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , above campaigning today , reached out to Israel ’ s right with a pledge that could end any possibility of a two-state solution .
 Facing the surging appeal of the former army chief Benny Gantz , Mr. Netanyahu promised that if re-elected , he would begin asserting Israeli sovereignty over area of the West Bank .
 Mr. Netanyahu also may have received a last-minute boost from President Trump , who designated Iran ’ s Revolutionary Guard a terrorist group . U.S. military and intelligence chief are worried , however , about possible retaliation against their force .
 _____
 3 . In other international news :
 The new Brexit deadline is Friday . Prime Minister Theresa May ’ s government ha been meeting with official from the opposition Labour Party to resuscitate stalled talk over a compromise plan .
 Mrs. May is expected to seek another Brexit extension from European leader on Wednesday .
 And we ’ re watching Sudan , where protester have been massing to call for the departure of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , who ha wielded authoritarian power there for three decade .
 _____
 4 . “ They didn ’ t burn down our spirit . ”
 That wa the Rev . Harry Richard , the pastor of one of three predominantly black church in a single area of Louisiana that were destroyed in recent fire .
 State and federal authority are trying to determine whether the fire were intentionally set , and if so , whether they were motivated by racism . A fourth , smaller fire at a church a few hour ’ drive away wa determined to be intentional .
 Our reporter found many resident uneasy over the echo of racist attack on black church across the country .
 _____
 5 . Stars plead guilty :
 Allison Mack , above , an actress and one of the most high-profile member of the cultlike group Nxivm , pleaded guilty to racketeering and conspiracy charge .
 “ I must take full responsibility for my conduct , ” she said , sobbing while giving a lengthy statement at the Federal District Court in Brooklyn .
 And prosecutor said Felicity Huffman would plead guilty in the college admission fraud scandal , along with 12 other parent and one coach . The actress is accused of paying a college consultant $ 15,000 to cheat on her older daughter ’ s SAT .
 “ My daughter knew absolutely nothing about my action , and in my misguided and profoundly wrong way , I have betrayed her , ” Ms. Huffman said in a statement .
 _____
 6 . In business news : Russia is trying to revive the world market for asbestos , which is mined , above , in a city named — wait for it — Asbest . The pitch : The mineral , chrysotile , is not a lethal a the other fibrous mineral marketed a asbestos .
 Pinterest set a price range for it coming I.P.O. , which value the company at le than prior valuation of $ 12 billion . That dampens some of the fervor over this year ’ s wave of tech offering .
 And Carlos Ghosn , who ’ s sitting in jail in Tokyo on charge ranging from underreporting his executive compensation to “ aggravated breach of trust , ” wa voted off Nissan ’ s board .
 _____
 Most case in the United States have been in nursing home in New York City , Chicago and New Jersey .
 Mass .
 N.Y .
 Conn .
 N.J .
 Ill .
 Ind .
 Md .
 Calif .
 Va .
 Okla .
 200
 Tex .
 100
 Fla .
 25
 Confirmed and
 probable case ,
 2013–19
 1
 Mass .
 N.Y .
 Conn .
 N.J .
 Ill .
 Ind .
 Md .
 Calif .
 Va .
 Okla .
 200
 Tex .
 100
 Fla .
 Confirmed and
 probable case ,
 2013–19
 25
 1
 N.Y .
 N.J .
 Ill .
 Md .
 Ind .
 Calif .
 Va .
 Okla .
 200
 Tex .
 100
 Fla .
 25
 Confirmed and probable case , 2013–19
 1
 By The New York Times | Source : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
 7 . In case you missed it , our story on Candida auris , a drug-resistant fungus exploding around the world , published over the weekend .
 One of the reporter who wrote our exposé explains how he came to realize that secrecy on the part of health official and hospital wa a big part of the story .
 “ As we prepare to move ahead with more article on drug resistance , ” he writes , “ we understand that we are tackling an issue that is so scary , it feel easy for some people to ignore , le frightening to bury . ”
 _____
 8 . In sport :
 The Virginia Cavaliers defeated Texas Tech , 85-77 , in overtime for the university ’ s first national basketball championship and immeasurable redemption .
 This title game wa the first in 40 year between men ’ s team that had never been there before .
 The woman ’ s tournament crowned Baylor on Sunday , above , with an 82-81 victory over Notre Dame .
 And we examine why a 23-year-old Olympic cyclist and Stanford graduate student , Kelly Catlin , killed herself last month . Her family belief the breaking point wa a concussion she sustained during a training ride in January .
 _____
 9 . A different vision of life on the border .
 A photographer , Tomas van Houtryve , followed the southern U.S. boundary that existed before the Mexican-American war in the 1840s . He met family who have lived in the region , now California , Nevada and Texas , for century .
 He found that it wasn ’ t the expansion of the U.S. that spread idea like equality , liberty and democracy in the conquered land .
 “ In reality , these value arrived in the West straight from Mexico City , ” he said . “ The main ideological import of Anglo-Americans to the West at the time wa actually strident white supremacy . ”
 _____
 10 . And finally , did you know “ Game of Thrones ” episode will run about 80 minute for the last four episode of the final season ?
 Did you know we have an obsessive watching guide to the previous seven season ? It even ha a countdown clock to HBO ’ s broadcast of Episode 1 of Season 8 , on Sunday .
 Also , faith-based group have a rare moment of agreement with the big screen thanks to “ Unplanned , ” a film that paint a scathing portrait of abortion right and Planned Parenthood .
 And the trailer is out for “ Homecoming , ” the Netflix documentary about Beyoncé . And it ’ s clear that the focus is her much-praised headlining performance at Coachella last year .
 Have an entertaining evening .
 Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern .
 And don ’ t miss Your Morning Briefing . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning .
 Want to catch up on past briefing ? You can browse them here .
 What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let u know at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Matt Stevens
 Travis Kauffman ha been a cat dad for only about six month . But during that short time , he ha observed that anytime he play with his house cat , the cat will get on it back and “ just kind of go crazy with his back leg and start scratching . ”
 This experience , he said at a news conference on Thursday , “ wa definitely a good thing to know ” on the afternoon of Feb. 4 , when Mr. Kauffman wa attacked by a young mountain lion while running on a Northern Colorado trail .
 LIVE || press conference featuring the trail runner who survived the Feb. 4 mountain lion attack . http : //t.co/yxqX0gVdX3
 The wisdom gleaned from his pet cat came to him , he said , a he wa wrestling with the mountain lion — his wrist in it jaw , it teeth audibly grinding through his ligament and tendon . And so fearing that the perhaps-50-pound cat would rip through his gut with it claw , he mounted it and used one of his knee to pin down it back leg .
 Mr. Kauffman , 31 , then tried to stab the cat in the throat with stick , before trying to strike it in the head with a large rock . After both effort failed to stop the attack , he shifted his body weight and contorted himself so he could step on the cat ’ s neck with his other foot .
 After a few minute , the mountain lion had suffocated , Mr. Kauffman said . Only then did it release his wrist from it jaw .
 “ There wa a point , ” he conceded , “ where I wa concerned I wasn ’ t going to make it out. ” But managing to free himself , he then raced several mile back to safety on what he called a “ fear high. ” Along the way , he encountered a few helpful people , one of whom drove him to a hospital .
 At the news conference , where he detailed the encounter publicly for the first time , he said it wa weird “ to feel kind of famous ” for what he said wa “ an unearned reason . ”
 Since the attack , Mr. Kauffman ha been lionized a official have recounted the tale of him killing a mountain lion that wa intent on killing him . While meeting with the news medium , he wa reminded that some have called him “ The King of the North . ”
 His girlfriend , Annie Bierbower , who also spoke at the news conference , noted that some have remarked that Mr. Kauffman will not have any trouble getting date . ( She agrees that he will not , because she will be taking him on said date . )
 Mr. Kauffman , who is a lanky 5-foot-10 and about 150 pound , opened his news conference by asking reporter whether they were disappointed that he wa “ not , in fact , Chuck Norris . ”
 “ I know , ” he added . “ Pretty big letdown . ”
 And reminded of the “ Game of Thrones ” nickname he had been given , he wa quick to admit : “ I will never be able to live up to the reputation . And maybe that ’ s what ha led to some of my reticence for actually coming out . The story is bigger than my puny form . ”
 Those self-deprecating remark provided several moment of levity and good humor on Thursday a Mr. Kauffman recounted the detail of the deadly serious attack , which left him with seven stitch along his cheek , six along the bridge of his nose and three on his wrist , which the mountain lion had latched on to . He wore the blue jacket he had on during the attack , and several cut were visible on his face .
 Despite somber introduction from wildlife official who cautioned that there could have been “ a much different outcome , ” Mr. Kauffman said he felt great , wa healing well and had started running again with the intention of training for a race . With wildlife official accompanying him , he ha already returned to the trail where he wa mauled .
 He plan to run there again . But in the future , he said , he will do his trail run with a friend . And he urged other runner to do so , too .
 Mr. Kauffman , of Fort Collins , Colo. , also urged other runner not to listen to music while running . Had he put any device in his ear a he wa running along the West Ridge Trail at Horsetooth Mountain Open Space , he might not have heard the pine needle rustle behind him , which alerted him to the mountain lion .
 In a video interview played during the news conference , Mr. Kauffman said that after the mountain lion attacked , he threw his arm up and tried to protect his face . Then he started screaming , doing a sort of “ barbarian yell. ” Then came a wrestling match , the pin and , eventually , the strangulation .
 All along , Mr. Kauffman said later , he had feared that the young mountain lion ’ s mother would come along and end the fight . Wildlife official said that they trapped two other young mountain lion in the day after Mr. Kauffman wa ambushed and that both appeared to have been hungry .
 Mr. Kauffman said Thursday that he had not returned to the environmental consulting company where he work .
 As for Mr. Kauffman ’ s relationship with his pet cat , Obie : “ He know that something ’ s up , ” Mr. Kauffman said , “ so he ’ s been extra nice to me . ”
 Julia Jacobs contributed reporting .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Fighting the dragon queen Tiamat is a much more satisfying way to spend time with my friend than social medium ever wa .
 By Annalee Newitz
 Ms. Newitz is a science journalist and novelist .
 I started playing Dungeons & Dragons right around the time I completely gave up on Facebook . It wa a little le than a year ago , a the first story broke about the Cambridge Analytica scandal . I wa sick of the social medium idea of friendship , defined a like or share or “ X know the same 50 people you know. ” So when my friend Kate suggested we start a game of Dungeons & Dragons , I thought , “ Yes , I ’ m going to get together with people face-to-face , without any hearting or retweeting , and we ’ re going to eat chip and fight those damn cultist who are trying to resurrect the evil , five-headed dragon queen Tiamat . ”
 Until then , I had played a little D & D a an adult , but I hadn ’ t joined a group that met regularly . But I am basically the target demographic for “ Stranger Things. ” Like the character on that show , I played D & D in the 1980s with a group of geeky guy every day at lunch throughout the sixth grade , slaying vegepygmies in a crashed spaceship and meeting the great demon Lolth in her sticky transdimensional web .
 Kate became our dungeon master , the narrator of our adventure , who set the scene using map , dice , flowery language and silly accent . We were joined by seven other friend around my dining room table , eager to take on the role of fighting monk , rogue , sorcerer , warlock , paladin , bard and cleric . As soon a Kate told u to fill out our character sheet , I remembered the feeling of sheer awesomeness that had drawn me to the game when I wa 11 . I wa about to become an Aarakocra cleric , a bird person with a divine connection to nature who could call down lightning , raise wind , grow plant from the barren earth and heal the dying with a touch .
 But D & D isn ’ t only about inventing a more badass version of myself , with wing and magic power instead of sneaker and a laptop . I wa also drawn to the idea of building a social group whose baseline assumption wa that we ’ d see one another regularly . There ’ s a sense of purpose to the gathering .
 Using a few map spread on the table , we chart our course , explaining to Kate and one another what we want to do next . And when Kate leaf u on a cliffhanger , there ’ s no “ Hey , I ’ ll text you later and maybe we can meet up. ” Of course we ’ ll meet up again . The point of the game isn ’ t to win ; it ’ s to go adventuring together .
 Wizards of the Coast , the parent company of Dungeons & Dragons , reported that 8.6 million people played the game in 2017 , it biggest year of sale in two decade . That mark wa eclipsed in 2018 , when D & D sale reportedly grew 30 percent . All of those D & D consumer are snapping up the Fifth Edition , a new rule set released in 2014 that emphasizes a flexible approach to combat and decision-making . New player don ’ t need to learn a many arcane rule to get started , and sale of D & D starter kit skyrocketed .
 Adding to the newfound popularity are thousand of D & D game broadcast on YouTube and the live-stream service Twitch . “ Critical Role , ” a popular livestream and podcast , feature actor playing the game .
 This surge of interest is no doubt also inspired by show like “ Stranger Things ” and the D & D-esque world of “ Game of Thrones. ” We want to escape into fantasy world where we know who the bad guy are and our spell to banish evil actually work . In this way , D & D is similar to online game like World of Warcraft , where people take on imaginary identity , form a guild and shout at one another using headset while fighting orcs .
 What make D & D different is that we can never forget about the human being behind the avatar . When a member of my group make a bad choice , I can ’ t look into his face and shout insult the way I would if we were playing online . He ’ s a person , and my friend , even if he also inexplicably decided to open an obviously booby-trapped trunk , get a faceful of poison and use up my last remaining healing spell .
 [ As technology advance , will it continue to blur the line between public and private ? Sign up for Charlie Warzel ’ s limited-run newsletter to explore what ’ s at stake and what you can do about it . ]
 But online , my friend would be just another dude with leathery blue skin , not someone whose face might crumple in sadness if I ’ m a jerk . There ’ s a toxic distance created by online gaming and social network that allows u to pretend we ’ re not socializing with friend . Our empathy get switched off . That may be one reason gamer argument over fake country and nonexistent knight can morph all too easily into hate-based social movement in the real world .
 Plus , even when thing get heated during our D & D game — and they do — none of u can win by getting 10,000 of our “ friend ” to harass the person we disagree with .
 There are , of course , genuine friendship forged in online game world and on social medium , and I don ’ t mean to dismiss those . But after month of playing D & D with my friend , I ’ m socializing on Twitter and other social medium le than I did before . I don ’ t click to see hundred of half-lives flash before me in an instant . Instead , I look forward to an evening with a handful of people .
 What drove me away from Facebook wasn ’ t just the fake friending . It wa that fake friendship could be weaponized , used by a hostile government or group to manipulate u . When we fantasize together , in person , we always know that the bot army isn ’ t real . We know that an insult can hurt . But online , we wear mask over mask . I still love the internet , but I ’ d rather have a real friendship with a half-elf bard than a thousand faceless follower .
 Annalee Newitz ( @ Annaleen ) , a science journalist , is the founder of the science fiction website io9 and the author of a novel , “ Autonomous . ”
 The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letter to the editor . We ’ d like to hear what you think about this or any of our article . Here are some tip . And here ’ s our email : letter @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Canada Letter
 By Catherine Porter
 Often , covering Canada feel like reporting on many different country . I get off the plane , and step into a different landscape , language and culture .
 [ Want the Canada Letter in your inbox every week ? Sign up here . ]
 For the story of Sheng Xue , I simply drove 30 minute west to her home in Mississauga , and stepped into the world of Chinese democracy activist , connected around the world by common cause and history .
 They speak Mandarin , communicate through Listservs and Twitter , and reference event and people rarely noticed by mainstream English-language medium .
 I had come to learn more about the tactic the Chinese government reportedly used to silence Canadian activist deemed hostile to it . A confidential report by Amnesty International Canada had just been leaked , detailing the troubling experience of 17 local activist . The person most cited wa Sheng Xue .
 [ Read : Chinese Dissidents Feel Heat of Beijing ’ s Wrath . Even in Canada . ]
 When I met her , she opened file on her computer to show me online hookup ad listing her phone number and email address , blog post with nude photo of her , picture of a man standing out front of Parliament Hill holding a protest sign that called her a spy .
 It seemed like the biggest public shaming campaign I ’ d never heard of .
 I decided to see if I could get to the bottom of it . The investigation took me the better part of a year , in part because the accusation against her were tangled , and in Chinese , but also because I wa reporting on a complicated subculture .
 I started by hiring a Mandarin-speaking doctoral student , Emile Dirks , to help me research . Together , we dug through hundred of blog post , website , essay circulated on various dissident Listservs , and book , some depicting Sheng Xue a a sexual pariah , a spy , a thief or a fraud .
 My reporting went in many direction : One essay claimed a man had seen Sheng Xue meeting with a People ’ s Daily reporter late at night , casting suspicion on her a a spy . But when I tracked down the stated witness , he said it wasn ’ t true .
 I interviewed a Chinese diplomat who defected to Australia , other dissident across Canada and the United States , a radio host in Taiwan , a book publisher in Hong Kong .
 We assembled a spreadsheet that stretched 25 page .
 As often happens in this job , many lead went nowhere . Although we dug up the registration of most website hosting lewd photo of Sheng Xue , we couldn ’ t track down the anonymous creator . Many of my email , call and letter went unanswered .
 But others led to interview . I met three of her main adversary in person , and talked to a fourth over Skype , phone and email . ( In all case , I had a translator with me . ) These adversary see themselves a whistle-blower , not attacker .
 “ All of her behavior ha been exposed , ” said Chen Yiran , a former close friend who accused Sheng Xue of pocketing a $ 100 donation and profiting from aiding “ fake refugee ” for kickback like a television .
 “ People like her use the banner of opposing the Communist Party , but there is no real difference between them and the Communists , ” she said over tea . “ Sometimes , they are even worse . ”
 One pattern that emerged wa identity theft . Many of Sheng Xue ’ s adversary told a strange story of someone posing a them online to spread more accusation against her .
 Many expert , from academic to former intelligence officer and human right campaigner , said it all reflected a Chinese Communist Party strategy of seeding and stirring division among the dissident so they were in no position to present a real challenge to the party .
 Predictably , the response to my story ha been fierce and loud on Twitter , reflecting how fractious the overseas dissident community is . Many reply attacked Sheng Xue and the story , while some defended her .
 It ’ s a debate transpiring almost entirely within the world of Chinese dissident — a world most Canadians never enter , and one that the past year of reporting helped me begin to understand .
 ___
 This week ’ s Trans Canada and Around The Times highlight were compiled by Canada correspondent Ian Austen .
 —Whether it ’ s a turning point or not , Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ’ s decision to expel Jody Wilson-Raybould and Jane Philpott from the Liberal party wa another major moment in the political turmoil surrounding his government .
 — “ How am I supposed to teach about respect , tolerance and diversity to my student , many of whom are immigrant kid , when the government is asking me to give up who I am ? ” Dan Bilefsky wa asked by an elementary schoolteacher in Montreal who would have to remove her Muslim head scarf or stall her career under proposed Quebec law .
 —In the week that the federal government imposed carbon tax on province that refused to put their own system in place , we looked at the 40 country that apply some sort of cost to carbon emission — and how much of an impact the program are having .
 —By day , Toronto native Matt Walker tickle tiny worm while peering at them through microscope a a neurobiologist at Columbia University in New York . At night he appears in an Off Broadway production a Max , “ a hapless actor who can not stop mugging for the audience while performing in a dusty whodunit . ”
 —In The New York Times magazine , Jim Rutenberg and Jonathan Mahler carefully dissect how Rupert Murdoch and his family have used their global medium empire to destabilize democracy in North America , Europe and Australia .
 — ” Game of Thrones ” is now in it final season . But fan who travel to Northern Ireland can still visit the spot where Melisandre gave birth to the shadow monster .
 — ” Try cooking 1,400 lamb chop to a perfect medium-rare at the same time , using nothing but sheet pan , Sterno and an upright aluminum cabinet on wheel called a hot box. ” That ’ s among the challenge that confronted two writer found when they went into the world of caterer a cook .
 —Is Patagonia really “ leaving the bros out in the cold ” by cutting off sale of branded fleece vest to the financial and tech firm where they have become standard business dress ? Vanessa Friedman found the reality is a bit more complicated .

 We ’ d love your feedback on this newsletter . Please email your thought and suggestion to nytcanada @ nytimes.com . And if you haven ’ t done so , please subscribe to the email newsletter version .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 News Analysis
 By Ellen Barry and Stephen Castle
 LONDON — The annals of British politics are filled with story about the government ’ s iron-fisted , sometimes terrifying control of parliamentary affair .
 One former Labour cabinet secretary , Jack Straw , recalled his first encounter a a young member of Parliament with his party ’ s enforcer , who stopped him in a corridor and grabbed him between the leg . When he asked the deputy chief whip what he had done wrong , the answer wa nothing .
 Then the whip added , “ But think what I ’ d do if you crossed me . ”
 The many tale of British lawmaker once being kept ruthlessly in line stand in stark contrast to the event of the last week , a Prime Minister Theresa May and her lieutenant tried ineffectually to get her party member to support the government ’ s plan on withdrawing from the European Union , known a Brexit .
 Her ally Michael Gove , the environment minister , tried on Tuesday morning to scare some wayward lawmaker straight , using the foreboding terminology from “ Game of Thrones ” to warn them that “ if we don ’ t vote for this deal tonight , in the word of Jon Snow , winter is coming . ”
 But that tactic didn ’ t work , either , and Mrs. May wa abandoned by much of her own party on Tuesday night , in a vote that defeated her flagship Brexit deal by a margin of 230 vote , the largest in recent British history .
 The Brexit fiasco seems to be forcing a tectonic shift in how Britain is governed , a Parliament flex it muscle and the prime minister struggle to force through her agenda — a dynamic more characteristic of America ’ s gridlock-prone system .
 The parliamentary rebellion is embodied by John Bercow , the hyperarticulate , pugnacious speaker of the House of Commons , a nonpartisan position .
 The son of a used-car salesman from North London , Mr. Bercow entered Parliament in 1997 , and with his working-class background , he stood out among the elite Etonians of the Conservative Party .
 A longtime advocate on behalf of backbencher , Mr. Bercow last week scandalized traditionalist by allowing one of these junior lawmaker to put forward for vote an amendment — which passed — that required Mrs. May to come up with a Plan B for Brexit within three working parliamentary day of Tuesday ’ s vote .
 Such permission had not been granted in decade , and many British newspaper were indignant , describing Mr. Bercow the next day a a “ sweaty , self-important gnome ” and an “ egotistical preening popinjay . ”
 But Mr. Bercow seemed to savor his decision , declaring on Monday , “ I will not be pushed around by agent of the executive branch . ”
 “ They can be a rude a they like , they can be a intimidating a they like , ” he added . “ Unlike some people in important position , I have been elected , re-elected , re-elected and re-elected a speaker to do the right thing by the House of Commons . That ’ s what I have done , that ’ s what I am doing and that ’ s what I will go on doing . ”
 On Tuesday night , the lawmaker ’ rebellion culminated with Mrs. May ’ s outsized and far-reaching defeat .
 Politics student in Britain are taught the phrase “ elective dictatorship , ” coined by a former lord chancellor , to describe the executive arm ’ s dominance over Parliament ; that term may have to be retired .
 “ Constitutional scholar are going to be dining out on this for year , ” said Rob Ford , a professor of politics at the University of Manchester . “ There are going to be whole Ph.D.s written on January 2019 . ”
 Behind this change lie political shift that have made it harder for British government to secure convincing majority in Parliament , with inconclusive election and minority government starting to become the norm .
 When Mrs. May called an election in 2017 , expecting to win by a big margin , she instead lost the majority she had inherited , leaving her weakened ahead of the generational legislative challenge of negotiating Brexit .
 Brexit cut across traditional voting loyalty , with people switching their allegiance more frequently , which ha posed another test for politician .
 “ You ’ ve got a breakdown of the way traditional political party have worked , ” said Bronwen Maddox , the director of the Institute of Government , a London-based policy group . “ M.P.s are supposed to follow what their party leader say . Now , they are pulled by the way their constituent will have voted , and by their own belief . ”
 Also , the mystique around the party whip ha dissipated , with no more recent story like the bodily assault recounted by Mr . Straw , who went on to become Prime Minister Tony Blair ’ s foreign secretary .
 “ They were thought to use all kind of dark art , threatening to blight an M.P. ’ s political career , but now their tactic have started to look like they ’ re calling M.P.s in and saying , ‘ please , ’ ” Ms. Maddox said . “ On an issue like this , when M.P.s are really feeling emboldened to vote their conscience , the party system really isn ’ t working . ”
 The shift worry conservative like Tim Stanley , a historian and journalist , who say Britain ’ s system presumes that policy promised in party manifesto will be carried out by the executive . That system confines Parliament ’ s role to scrutinizing the executive .
 Increasing the role of parliamentary backbencher in shaping policy , Mr. Stanley said , would allow small faction to subvert executive authority , not just on Brexit but on matter like health care and taxation , rendering the British government “ effectively rudderless . ”
 “ We have far fewer check and balance than people realize , ” said Mr. Stanley , who writes for The Telegraph newspaper . “ It may sound dictatorial , but that ’ s why our democracy ha lasted . That ’ s the democratic consensus , a it ha functioned . That ’ s why we haven ’ t had lot of civil war . ”
 Mrs. May , in any case , is not likely to forget the lawmaker who sped the way toward her epic loss on Tuesday . After the vote were tallied , they were announced out by her foghorn-voiced adversary , Mr. Bercow .


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Alexis Soloski
 A Shakespeare play is a dangerous place . Swords can kill you . So can poison , grief and bear . Eleven corps crowd the stage in “ Richard III. ” “ King Lear ” doe away with 10 character .
 But at 14 death , “ Titus Andronicus ” — with it beheading , live burial and disgustful approach to pastry-making — take the Shakespearean cake .
 T.S . Eliot called “ Titus Andronicus ” “ one of the stupidest and most uninspired play ever written. ” That doesn ’ t mean it hasn ’ t inspired others . The image of a mother made to eat her child wa hard to shake , and a couple of decade after it 1594 premiere , artist had already begun to appropriate — O.K. , fine , cannibalize — it plot for us comic , tragic and savagely satirical .
 Directors have staged it with almost no gore and with nothing but gore . It ha been modernized , musicalized , performed by puppet and adapted to Kabuki . Stephen K. Bannon sent it into space .
 Its blood ha spattered everything from bootleg Dutch tragedy to Japanese anime to “ Game of Thrones. ” “ Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ” gifted u the character Titus Andromedon , played by Tituss Burgess . ( His rival : Coriolanus Burt . )
 Now come Taylor Mac ’ s “ Gary : A Sequel to Titus Andronicus , ” which pick up , figuratively and literally , after the final murder .
 It open on April 21 at Broadway ’ s Booth Theater . But before audience tally whether Mac outdoes Shakespeare on the body count , let ’ s look back at some of the play ’ s more memorable appearance in culture , pop and otherwise .
 In the mid 19th century , the African-American actor Ira Aldridge and the English playwright C.A . Somerset collaborated on a new version that transformed Aaron , a Moor and the lover of the barbarian queen Tamora , from villain to hero , subverting racial stereotype . Aldridge and Somerset cut out most of the carnage and interpolated at least one scene from a contemporary melodrama that Aldridge had also starred in . Aldridge ’ s opinion : “ I will venture to say that there is not a play on the stage with a more powerful climax. ” A Scottish critic praised Aldridge ’ s performance a Aaron a “ remarkable for energy , tempered by dignity and discretion . ”
 A British horror comedy beloved of theater reviewer and the people who hate them . “ Theater of Blood ” star Vincent Price a Edward Kendal Sheridan Lionheart , a depraved classical actor , bad in every sense . After faking his death Lionheart revenge himself on his critic , with murder inspired by Shakespeare . After executing six critic and convincing a seventh to kill his wife Othello-style , Lionheart turn to “ Titus Andronicus ” to snuff the eighth . Meredith Merridew ( Robert Morley ) , who refers to his poodle a baby , is invited onto a cooking show and served a pie . No prize for guessing the filling . Lionheart suffocates him with the crust .
 Stephen Sondheim ’ s Tony-winning chiller , written with Hugh Wheeler , doesn ’ t directly descend from Shakespeare . An adaptation of Christopher Bond ’ s 1973 play , it key source is a gristly 19th-century penny dreadful , “ The String of Pearls : A Romance , ” which describes a homicidal barber and the baker Mrs. Lovett , his unsavory accomplice . Still , the revenge plot , with it abduction and threat of rape , echo “ Titus Andronicus ” and the use of human mincemeat a the symbol of ultimate inhumanity smack of homage . As Mrs. Lovett sings , “ It ’ s man devouring man , my dear/And who are we to deny it here . ”
 Heiner Müller , the experimental German playwright who specialized in grimly absurdist Shakespeare rewrite , refashioned “ Titus Andronicus ” a a postmodern , postcolonial debauch . His version lay bare the violence of the original ( arguably pretty bare already ) while reframing it a a political allegory of how wealthier nation exploit impoverished one . Drawing on the 1973 Chilean coup and a divided Berlin , Müller explores the failure of culture and human progress to make the world a le brutalized place . As one character say , “ Poetry is murder . ”
 Before Mr. Bannon became Donald J. Trump ’ s chief strategist , he fell for another populist leader , albeit one with more military experience : Titus . The play obsessed him and in the early ’ 90 , he and the screenwriter Julia Jones collaborated on an interplanetary adaptation of “ Titus Andronicus. ” Here , Titus is the leader of the Andronicii , incorporeal being who come to earth and take on human form . Shakespeare never included erotic scene of ectoplasmic sex . Mr. Bannon did . Shockingly , studio passed . He and Ms. Jones also rewrote “ Coriolanus ” a a rap musical set during the Los Angeles riot .
 Though Mr. Bannon ’ s space guignol wouldn ’ t fly , he is listed a an executive producer on Julie Taymor ’ s 1999 film version of the tragedy , which reset the play in a Rome both ancient and modern . Anthony Hopkins said that his Titus referenced both King Lear and Hannibal Lecter , another character with outré taste in fine dining . Reviews were generally positive , with a Times critic writing that the movie “ make the best possible argument for a cautionary drama that contemplates the absolute worst in us. ” But not only Rome loses big in “ Titus. ” The movie cost $ 25 million and made back just $ 2 million at the box office .
 In the 69th episode of “ South Park , ” a middle schooler , Scott Tenorman , convinces Cartman to buy his pubic hair . When his friend set Cartman straight on how puberty actually work , Cartman asks for his money back . Then he vow revenge . After various plan fail , including one involving guest star Radiohead , Cartman arranges for the murder of Scott ’ s parent , lure Scott to a Chile Con Carnival and feed him a dastardly bowl of chili . “ Nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah , I made you eat your parent , ” Cartman gloat .
 Founded in 2005 , Titus Andronicus , which now style itself + @ , is a post-punk Brooklyn outfit led by Patrick Stickles . The name celebrates Shakespeare ’ s crowd-pleasing appeal and if serving a mother the pastry-encased corps of her child isn ’ t punk rock , I mean what even is ? The band ’ s first song on their debut album , 2008 ’ s “ The Airing of Grievances , ” quote liberally from Aaron ’ s Act V speech . Their fourth album , 2015 ’ s “ The Lamentable Tragedy , ” a 29-song rock opera about Mr. Stickles ’ s manic depression , name-checks the “ Titus Andronicus ” title page in the 1623 folio , though honestly quarto edition are way more rock ’ n ’ roll .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Remy Tumin and Marcus Payadue
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good evening . Here ’ s the latest .
 1 . Members of Robert Mueller ’ s team said their finding were more damaging than originally suggested .
 Some investigator told associate that Attorney General William Barr failed to adequately portray the finding of their inquiry , according to government official . It wa the first evidence of simmering tension between the special counsel ’ s team and the Justice Department .
 At stake is the narrative of one of the most consequential investigation in American history . Some member of Mr. Mueller ’ s team are concerned that Americans ’ view of the investigation will have hardened before the full report becomes public .
 _____
 2 . Rupert Murdoch ’ s empire of influence .
 Over the last six month , two of our reporter , Jim Rutenberg and Jonathan Mahler , interviewed more than 150 people around the world to chart how the Murdoch influence machine destabilized democracy in North America , Europe and Australia .
 Our three-part investigation describes how Murdoch medium outlet encouraged and capitalized on right-wing populism , even a the Murdoch child struggled bitterly over their father ’ s enormous medium empire . Short on time ? Skip to the takeaway .
 _____
 3 . A low boil on Capitol Hill .
 House Democrats , above , authorized a subpoena to get a full copy of the Mueller report , setting up a confrontation with the Justice Department . Practically speaking , the move doe not ensure that Congress will get what it want .
 The House also passed a nonbinding resolution that condemns the Trump administration for pushing a federal court to obliterate the Affordable Care Act . Republicans called it an empty gesture .
 A House committee formally requested on Wednesday that the I.R.S . hand over six year of President Trump ’ s personal and business tax return .
 And with dozen of Mr. Trump ’ s judicial and sub-cabinet nominee held up by Democrats , Senate Republicans invoked a “ nuclear option ” to speed up confirmation .
 _____
 4 . “ I ’ ll be much more mindful . That ’ s my responsibility . ”
 In a video , Joe Biden pledged to be more “ respectful ” of personal space , working to buffer his potential 2020 bid from multiple complaint of unwanted physical contact . The former vice president said he realized “ social norm have begun to change . ”
 On the official campaign trail , the Trump campaign ha quietly installed ally in the most significant state party , urging them to discourage conservative criticism of the president .
 _____
 5 . Helicopters overhead , celebrity fan and protester lining the street : It wa a mob scene outside a federal courthouse in Boston today a high-profile parent faced charge in the college admission scandal .
 The actress Lori Loughlin , above , and Felicity Huffman and 33 other parent face a special kind of public shaming a symbol of entitlement and greed .
 And we looked more closely at U.S.C. , one of the university at the center of the bribery scandal . Interviews with student show how different life can be on either side of the class divide .
 _____
 6 . “ We can and will make Chicago a place where your ZIP code doesn ’ t determine your destiny . ”
 That wa Lori Lightfoot ’ s pledge of equity at her victory party . The former prosecutor is the first African-American woman and the first openly gay person elected a Chicago ’ s mayor . Possibly a part of her appeal : In a city scarred by corruption , she ha never held elective office .
 When Ms. Lightfoot replaces Rahm Emanuel in May , she will inherit a scandal-prone police department and a persistently high homicide rate .
 _____
 7 . The Justice Department threatened to sue the Alabama state prison system after a damning report revealed shockingly brutal condition for inmate .
 A two-and-a-half-year investigation by the civil right division of the department found “ flagrant disregard ” for prisoner ’ constitutional right to be free from excessive and cruel punishment . Alabama ’ s prison have long had among the highest rate of homicide and rape in the country .
 Above is one of 2,000 photo taken inside an Alabama prison .
 _____
 8 . In Mozambique , cholera is spreading fast .
 Humanitarian agency say malaria , measles and starvation may follow in the chaos left by a devastating cyclone two week ago . About two million people are displaced . Above , a camp for displaced survivor in Beira , Mozambique .
 Some progress ha been made . A cholera vaccination campaign is set to start , water service ha been restored in some area and road are being repaired .
 We also traced cluster of measles outbreak confounding health official from Indonesia , the Philippines , Madagascar , Venezuela and the U.S. An outbreak in Rockland County , N.Y. , had root in an annual Hasidic pilgrimage from Israel to Ukraine .
 _____
 9 . 20 point . 21 assist . 20 rebound .
 On Tuesday night , Russell Westbrook , the veteran Oklahoma City Thunder guard , became the second N.B.A . player in history to reach the coveted triple-double status .
 Mr. Westbrook made his feat into a moment of remembrance . “ That wasn ’ t for me , ” he said . “ That wa for my bro — that wa for Nipsey . ”
 He wa honoring the rapper Nipsey Hussle , whose fatal shooting over the weekend shook Los Angeles and many N.B.A . player . The police said the killing appeared to be connected to a personal dispute .
 _____
 10 . And you thought winter wa over .
 We have nine question for the final season of “ Game of Thrones , ” HBO ’ s biggest hit ever . Need a refresher before it start on April 14 ? We have a ( very ) thorough guide . Above , Japanese fan gather at a convention in Tokyo last month .
 In other television preview : What do a podcast , an infamous jailhouse interview , a viral ad and the Coen brother have in common ? They all helped inspire “ Killing Eve . ”
 The BBC thriller , starring Sandra Oh , return for a second season on Sunday . Our critic at large talked to the team behind the show ’ s many mood .
 _____
 11 . Finally , a look at what creative giant left behind .
 In recent week , our obituary team ha chronicled the life of some of the best in their respective field . We took a look at what they left behind — movie , a poem , a photograph , a sandwich .
 Our co-chief film critic Manohla Dargis recall encounter over the year with one of these giant , the French New Wave filmmaker Agnès Varda , above .
 On the topic of growing old , Ms. Varda offered this suggestion : “ Never complain , never explain . ”
 Have an unflappable evening .
 _____
 Your Evening Briefing is posted at 6 p.m. Eastern .
 And don ’ t miss Your Morning Briefing . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning .
 Want to catch up on past briefing ? You can browse them here .
 What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let u know at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 If you don ’ t feel like you have the time to read more , or struggle to finish a book , this method will help . If you have time for Twitter or Instagram , you have time for these book .
 By Harry Guinness
 Everyone want to read more , and over the last few month I ’ ve finally figured out how to fit more reading into a busy schedule . It ’ s surprisingly simple : Instead of trawling through Twitter or hitting up Instagram whenever I ’ ve had a few minute to spare waiting for a train , I ’ ve been opening the Kindle app and sticking my nose in a book . Here ’ s the catch though : What got me started are what I call “ bite-sized book ” : book made up of load of small chunk that are easy to dip in and out of , whether you have two minute free standing in line or an hour to kill on a short-haul flight .
 “ Reading more ” is one of the most common New Year ’ s resolution — and a general be-a-better-human pledge but , like most resolution , most people fail .
 In last year ’ s Goodreads Reading Challenge , more than 4.2 million people pledged to read a combined 260 million book — that ’ s an average of 61 book per person . Of the participant , only 16 % — roughly 700,000 of them — finished their challenge . The rest flunked it .
 I suspect a big part of the problem is that book feel like a huge commitment . It ’ s much harder to motivate yourself to crack open a weighty tome crammed with character and subplots than to just scroll through Twitter ’ s ephemera . You ’ re tired , you only have a few moment and the book probably isn ’ t a good a everyone say anyway . Instagram is addictive for a reason : it ’ s there , it ’ s easy and it hit your dopamine receptor harder than a Dan Brown novel .
 Not all book , however , are big commitment . That ’ s why bite-sized book are a great way to kick-start your reading . One great example of a bite-sized book is Tim Ferriss ’ “ Tribe of Mentors. ” In the book , Mr. Ferriss interview over 130 of the “ world ’ s top performer , ” from people like Arianna Huffington , founder of The Huffington Post , to Strauss Zelnick , chief executive of video game publisher Take-Two Interactive . The hook is that he asks every interviewee the same set of ten question . Each interview is only a few page long so they take minute to read .
 Over my first few day of reading “ Tribe of Mentors , ” I found that instead of opening Twitter , Instagram or Facebook when I had time to waste , I opened the Kindle app on my iPhone instead and read an interview . If I just had two minute , I might only get through three or four question , but because each one wa a complete answer , it didn ’ t feel like I wa constantly being pulled away from some important bit of action .
 For the first time in a long time , reading a book on my phone wa just a convenient — and far more interesting — than social medium .
 Not all book work when they ’ re read in small snippet . “ A Game of Thrones ” just won ’ t make a lot of sense if you dip in and out too much — not that it make a huge amount of sense without a reference encyclopedia anyway .
 Certain genre of book , on the other hand , work really well . I ’ ve found essay collection , travel guide and short story to be the best for me .
 Collections of essay or , even better , column are a great place to start . Essays tend to be short and totally independent of each other — at most they ’ re linked by a common theme . While there are often one or two essay in a collection that take an hour or so to read , you can save it for when you ’ ve got a little more time to kill and just chip away at the shorter one when you ’ re at the bus stop .
 If you already have a favorite columnist , see if they ’ ve published a collection — many prolific one do . Otherwise , I can wholeheartedly recommend Tim Kreider ’ s two collection , “ We Learn Nothing ” and “ I Wrote This Book Because I Love You ; ” “ Consider the Lobster and Other Essays ” by David Foster Wallace ; “ How Did You Get This Number ” by Sloane Crosley ; “ Arguably ” by Christopher Hitchens ; and “ A Slip of the Keyboard ” by Terry Pratchett ( and dozen more if you reach out to me on Twitter ! )
 Good travel guide are also perfect bite-sized book . I ’ m a big fan of Lonely Planet ’ s trip guide like “ Epic Drives of the World , ” “ Epic Hikes of the World ” and “ Epic Bike Rides of the World. ” Each one is packed with awesome adventure idea — a perfect distraction on your morning commute . Or , if you already have a vacation planned , grab a good guidebook for your destination and work your way through it . Not only will you be reading more , but your trip will be even better thanks to all the preparation .
 If your taste skew more toward fiction , consider short story . While there aren ’ t many modern writer who do more than dabble with the form , lot of the great of the last century wrote a ridiculous number . For example , Ernest Hemingway wrote about 60 while Arthur C. Clarke published more than 100 . “ The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway ” and “ The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke ” collect most of each author ’ s work in one affordable — if hard to carry — book .
 Even some thriller can work . There are writer like Dan Brown — “ The Da Vinci Code ” — and Matthew Reilly — “ Ice Station ” — who seem incapable of writing more than a thousand word in one go without needing to break it into a new chapter . It give their book serious pace , but it also mean that you get a natural stopping point every few minute — if you can bear to tear yourself away .
 Really , bite-sized book are what you make of them . I started out with a collection of interview , gradually moved on to essay and short story and finally , once I wa in the habit of reading any time I had a few minute to spare , straight-up fiction . Since I use the Kindle app on my phone , I don ’ t even have to think about carrying a book with me .
 You , however , should do whatever you think will work well for you . Pick a book you reckon you ’ ll be able to read in a few snatched moment every day , grab a cheap paperback or a copy of the ebook and get stuck in . Before you know it , you ’ ll have a few title under your belt , and you ’ ll have conquered that “ read more ” challenge you set for yourself at the beginning of the year .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 noted
 This old-fashioned reading aid is lit .
 By Danielle Braff
 Sometimes , Megan Prokott snap a quick selfie with a blanket and a cappuccino . Once in a while , she add reading glass and a croissant . There ’ s always a book . And there ’ s often a lit , wax pillar .
 “ My ideal reading scene is in a cozy coffee shop or in my apartment with a hot coffee , a cozy blanket , a canine friend and a candle , ” said Ms. Prokott , 23 , a freelance book reviewer who life in Chicago .
 It ’ s not enough just to read anymore . It ’ s not even enough to post your reading on Instagram anymore . Today , you have to create an atmosphere to show just how analog and sensual you ’ re being . That often involves … a candle .
 When Ms. Prokott read “ The Oracle Year , ” by Charles Soule , about the not-so-positive event that occur when you can predict the future , she enhanced the experience with DW Home ’ s Warm Tobacco Pipe candle ( $ 12 ) , a moody blend of leather and wood . Liane Moriarty ’ s novel “ Truly Madly Guilty ” wa served in bed , surrounded by a blanket , fishnet sock and a handmade eucalyptus candle .
 The mother of them all is perhaps Byredo ’ s Bibliothèque ( $ 85 ) , a distinctively black , woody aromatic around since 2013 that ha become the company ’ s most popular candle . Now there is also Commodity ’ s Book Candle ( $ 55 ) , created in 2017 , which just became the company ’ s top selling unisex fragrance across the 15 country where it is sold .
 “ Just seeing the name or saying it is called ‘ Book ’ is a conversation starter , ” said Ash Huzenlaub , the founder and C.E.O . of Commodity .
 Candles are also now a common impulse purchase at independent bookstore , along with tote bag and coffee . There are shelf upon shelf of literary-themed one at the Strand in New York , which famously brag of 18 mile of book .
 If you like to read on a rainy day but it ’ s sunny outside , there ’ s Rainy Day Reads ( $ 32.95 ) . Or if you want to pretend you ’ re in a library , complete with that musty scent of the book and the waxed , creaky floor , there ’ s Enchanted Library ( $ 24.95 ) .
 “ We ’ ve learned one thing from our customer : Nothing go together quite like candle and reading , ” said Leigh Altshuler , a spokeswoman for the Strand . “ Except candle and coffee and reading , and maybe candle and coffee and cat and reading . ”
 The two most popular book candle at Strand , Ms. Altshuler said , are Old Books , which smell like a used bookstore with a hint of cinnamon , and Lost in the Stacks ( both $ 32.95 ) , reminiscent of a fancy library that us leather armchair — the dreamy one complete with the library ladder reaching to the top shelf . Both are made by Forage Candle Company , which is based in Roan Mountain , Tenn .
 “ I think they use them in the same way people have used book and story since the beginning of time : a a mean to escape to another place and time , ” said Lisa Smith , the owner of Forage Candle , adding that Old Books is the most popular book-related scent , of which they carry 25 at a time . “ When it come specifically to book-scented candle , what better place to escape to than within the page of a treasured story ? ”
 Ms. Smith began making her book-scented candle after leaving her job a a high school science teacher when she went blind a few year ago from complication of rheumatoid arthritis . Before losing her eyesight , book were Ms. Smith ’ s favorite escape from reality , and she would devour a novel daily .
 “ After losing my sight , reading became very difficult , but my love for literature wa still very much alive , ” Ms. Smith said . “ Making literary-inspired candle became a way for me to keep that love alive . ”
 She harvest wild local botanical , compounding them into unique fragrance to match the smell she associate with old book . Ms. Smith also ha candle to match book , like Pride and Prejudice , $ 18 on Etsy ( smell like rose drifting from the garden and ivy from the garden ’ s gate ) ; and Gatsby , $ 22 , ( hint of juniper and wild florals that ’ s supposed to take you back to the jazz and gin era of the ’ 20 ) .
 While some people prefer to be transported into an old library or bookstore when they read , others like to pair their candle with their book , like wine with food .
 Karla Cummings , the owner of Lost Birch Candle Shop in Detroit Lakes , Minn. , said she light her Winter Is Coming candle ( $ 13 on Etsy ) when she ’ s reading a book like “ Game of Thrones. ” “ It ha a nice , mellow wood smoke scent that help you feel like you are there , ” she said . She turn to The Scarlet Lavender ( $ 13 ) for most of her night reading , a it ha a calming effect .
 “ I think with the business of life right now , with technology at our fingertip , social medium , buying online , event to go to and such , ” Ms. Cumming said , “ setting a mood brings you into the story and also allows you to relax . ”
 Well , a long a you don ’ t light the snowy , pine-scented Overlook Hotel candle , $ 17 on Etsy . It ’ s named for the inn in “ The Shining , ” the horror classic by Stephen King .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Good Friday . ( Want this by email ? Sign up here . )
 Elon Musk long promised that Tesla would offer a low-cost Model 3 electric car . Yesterday , he finally made good on that promise — but Tesla is making big sacrifice to offer the vehicle .
 What $ 35,000 get you is a Model 3 that can cover 220 mile before needing a charge , along with a cheaper interior than higher-priced version . The new Model 3 is expected to start shipping in two to four week .
 Tesla expects to sell a lot of them . The announcement led Mr. Musk to raise production estimate to 600,000 car in 2019 .
 But it will probably post a loss this quarter . Mr. Musk wouldn ’ t reveal what kind of margin the company would make on it lowest-priced Model 3 . But he admitted , “ Given that a lot is happening in Q1 , we do not expect to be profitable in the first quarter . ”
 And the company will change it business model . Tesla will only take order online , close some of it showroom and lay off employee to save money . “ There ’ s no other way for u to achieve the saving for this car , ” Mr. Musk said .
 Shareholders are worried . Tesla ’ s stock fell 3 percent in after-hours trading . Liam Denning of Bloomberg Opinion argues that ’ s “ because this crowning moment came with more than a hint of a gamble . ”
 More : Mr. Musk hired a new law firm to defend him against the S.E.C. ’ s attempt to hold him in contempt of court .
 President Trump and his top economic adviser have sent a series of conflicting message about the status of trade talk with China , Alan Rappeport and Ana Swanson of the NYT write .
 • “ We ’ re heading for a historic deal , ” Larry Kudlow , director of the National Economic Council , said in an interview on CNBC yesterday . “ The outlook for a deal is very positive . ”
 • “ We are well on our way to doing something special ” with China , Mr. Trump told reporter yesterday .
 • But “ I am always prepared to walk . I ’ m never afraid to walk from a deal , ” he added . “ I would do that with China , too , if it didn ’ t work out . ”
 • And “ much still need to be done both before an agreement is reached and , more important , after it is reached , if one is reached , ” Robert Lighthizer , Mr. Trump ’ s top trade negotiator , told House lawmaker on Wednesday .
 A final deal is being prepared according to Bloomberg , citing unidentified source . Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China could sign it within week .
 But it may not go far enough . “ We don ’ t look at all close to meaningful , enforced provision on intellectual property , ” Derek Scissors , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , told the NYT .
 And Mr. Trump ha proved he will walk . After he abandoned peace talk with Kim Jong-un of North Korea yesterday , concern that the president might settle for a poor deal now appear diminished . If he doesn ’ t like the term of a China deal , the trade war could continue .
 More : The U.S. plan to take a hard line in negotiation with Britain over post-Brexit trade .
 Some of the world ’ s biggest internet messaging company hope to succeed where cryptocurrency start-ups have failed by introducing consumer to the world of digital coin , Nathaniel Popper and Mike Isaac of the NYT report .
 “ The most anticipated but secretive project is underway at Facebook . The company is working on a coin that user of WhatsApp , which Facebook owns , could send to friend and family instantly , said five people briefed on the effort who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of confidentiality agreement . ”
 “ The Facebook project is far enough along that the social networking giant ha held conversation with cryptocurrency exchange about selling the Facebook coin to consumer , said four people briefed on the negotiation . ”
 Other platform are working on similar initiative . “ Telegram , which ha an estimated 300 million user worldwide , is also working on a digital coin . Signal , an encrypted messaging service that is popular among technologist and privacy advocate , ha it own coin in the work . And so do the biggest messaging application in South Korea and Japan , Kakao and Line . ”
 “ The new cryptocurrencies would make it easier to move money between country , ” Mr. Popper and Mr. Isaac write . “ But the messaging company are likely to face many of the same regulatory and technological hurdle that have kept Bitcoin from going mainstream . ”
 The American economy slowed at the end of 2018 . But there may be worse to come .
 Gross domestic product growth slowed at the end of last year . It grew at a 2.6 percent annual rate in the final three month of 2018 , Ben Casselman of the NYT report , compared to a rate of over 4 percent in the middle of the year .
 “ This year seems to be starting at an even slower pace , ” Mr. Casselman writes . “ Many economist expect growth to drop below 2 percent in the first quarter , in part because of the partial government shutdown , which began in December and extended through most of January . ”
 But the final quarter slowdown wasn ’ t a severe a many economist had expected . “ Even with the loss of momentum late in the year , 2018 a a whole wa among the best year of the decade-long recovery from the Great Recession , ” Mr. Casselman writes , adding , “ Most economist do not expect a recession this year . ”
 And the Fed remains optimistic . “ The economy is in a good place , ” Jay Powell , the central bank ’ s chairman , said yesterday .
 Richard Plepler helped make “ The Sopranos ” and “ Game of Thrones , ” two iconic HBO series . But he now plan to step down a the company ’ s chief executive , in a huge shift under the company ’ s new owner , AT & T .
 Mr. Plepler chafed at losing autonomy under his new boss , the NYT report , citing unnamed source . AT & T ha been in talk to hire Robert Greenblatt , a longtime TV executive , for a high-level role at Warner Media , which includes HBO , Turner and Warner Bros. Mr. Plepler may have had to report to a former rival .
 He already had issue with AT & T , particularly John Stankey , the head of Warner Media . Last June , the two men taunted each other uncomfortably in public . Mr. Stankey said that Warner Media needed to make money . Mr. Plepler responded , “ We do that ” — to which his bos said , “ Just not enough . ”
 His departure could precede a larger shake up . Unnamed HBO executive told Peter Kafka of Recode that AT & T want to further integrate HBO with other Warner Media property . ( Think : early season of “ Game of Thrones ” on TBS . )
 But it ’ s a gamble . AT & T belief that it can put good manager into any business and succeed , but Mr. Plepler is beloved by HBO talent . Alex Gibney , who directed a documentary on the health technology company Theranos for the network , called the executive ’ s departure “ dismaying . ”
 In his testimony on Capitol Hill this week , Michael Cohen mentioned several Trump associate whom lawmaker should call in for further questioning . Among them , the NYT report : Allen Weisselberg , the Trump Organization ’ s C.F.O . and a longtime financial adviser to President Trump .
 • “ On Wednesday , Mr. Cohen specifically identified Mr. Weisselberg a helping mastermind a strategy to mask reimbursement to Mr. Cohen for his payment to Stormy Daniels , the pornographic film actress who said she had an affair with Mr. Trump . ”
 • “ For decade , he ha represented Mr. Trump on paperwork for everything from complex real estate deal to the operation of the antique carousel in Central Park , which the Trump Organization run . ”
 • “ Corey Lewandowski , a former Trump campaign official , wrote in a book that he co-authored , ‘ Let Trump Be Trump ’ that Mr. Weisselberg ‘ know of every dime that leaf the building . ’ ”
 • President Trump think his longtime finance chief wouldn ’ t turn on him , but others aren ’ t so sure . “ I am sure Allen doe not want to hurt Donald , I am sure there is an affection there , ” Barbara Res , a former Trump Organization executive , told the NYT . “ But he ’ s in a terrible position — and Donald put him there . ”
 We may hear more from Mr. Weisselberg . The House Intelligence Committee plan to call him a a witness , and the House Committee on Oversight and Reform may a well .
 Andrew Wheeler wa confirmed a the administrator of the E.P.A .
 Two top G.M . executive — Alicia Boler Davis , the carmaker ’ s global head of manufacturing , and Alan Batey , the head of North American operation — are leaving .
 Peter Higgins resigned a the C.F.O . of Revolut , a British payment start-up , in January a question mounted about the company ’ s financial compliance .
 Canopy Growth , a Canadian marijuana producer , hired Martha Stewart a an adviser .
 Deals
 • Uber and Lyft plan to let driver buy share in their forthcoming I.P.O.s . Meanwhile , Uber is said to be nearing a deal to buy a Middle Eastern rival , Careem , for about $ 3 billion . ( NYT , Bloomberg )
 • Gap plan to spin off Old Navy into a separate company . ( NYT )
 • Shareholders think that Southwest Airlines may be the next elephant-sized acquisition for Warren Buffett ’ s Berkshire Hathaway . ( Fortune )
 • Starboard Value plan to vote against Bristol-Myers Squibb ’ s $ 74 billion deal to buy Celgene . ( Bloomberg )
 • Investors in big private equity firm are worried that fund manager will overpay for deal . ( Reuters )
 Politics and policy
 • As more tax return have been processed , Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that the average Americans ’ refund ha grown . ( CNBC )
 • Two Republican senator , Martha McSally and Mike Braun , said they would return political contribution from the billionaire John Childs , who wa charged with soliciting prostitute . ( WaPo )
 • President Trump ordered official to give his son-in-law , Jared Kushner , a permanent security clearance , despite their objection . ( NYT )
 • For Democrats thinking of running for president , the question is whether they should announce early — or really , really early . ( NYT )
 Brexit
 • “ Brexit fatigue ” in the E.U . could hinder any effort by Britain to delay it withdrawal process . ( Reuters )
 • Can Prime Minister Theresa May push her Brexit deal through a Parliamentary vote ? Bloomberg crunched the number . ( Bloomberg )
 • Net migration of European national to Britain ha fallen 70 percent since the country decided to leave the E.U . ( FT )
 • British financial firm will have 15 month to fully comply with rule that replace E.U . law in the event of a no-deal Brexit . ( Reuters )
 Tech
 • Huawei took out a full-page ad in the WSJ that read , “ Don ’ t believe everything you hear. ” Meanwhile , Secretary of State Mike Pompeo say that the world should have it “ eye wide open ” to the national security threat posed by the telecom company . And Canada is expected to announce that an extradition hearing for Huawei ’ s C.F.O . can proceed . ( CNN , Reuters )
 • SpaceX plan to test it manned flight space capsule for the first time this weekend — without any passenger aboard . ( NYT )
 • YouTube will disable comment on almost all video that feature child in the wake of it recent pedophile scandal . ( Verge )
 • Amazon ha it own misinformation problem , centered on anti-vaccination conspiracy theory . The company is also trying to clamp down on counterfeit . ( CNN , WSJ )
 • The N.Y.S.E . is favoring human over bot to smooth out trading in E.T.F.s . ( Bloomberg )
 Best of the rest
 • Big Pharma ’ s hunt for new drug is pushing up the cost of the deal it make to acquire biotech company . ( DealBook )
 • PG & E say it likely caused the fire that destroyed Paradise , Calif. ( NYT )
 • The billionaire Sheldon Adelson disclosed that he ’ s being treated for cancer . ( Bloomberg )
 • MSCI plan to quadruple the weighting of Chinese mainland share in it global benchmark later this year . ( CNBC )
 • How the financier Greg Lindberg diverted $ 2 billion from insurance firm he bought into his own venture . ( WSJ )
 • Wall Street ’ s latest tax dodge involves buying private plane . ( Bloomberg )
 Thanks for reading ! We ’ ll see you next week .
 We ’ d love your feedback . Please email thought and suggestion to business @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Katie Rogers
 WASHINGTON — The Outrage , a clothing store in the capital that ha branded itself a hub of the resistance to President Trump , is a place where people have often gathered to shed tear over the latest news cycle , or to buy $ 32 T-shirts emblazoned with expletive-laced message calling for the president ’ s impeachment .
 But on Thursday , moment after the release of the special counsel ’ s full — if not plentifully redacted — report detailing Russian interference in the 2016 election , the outrage seemed to have momentarily left the building .
 “ No tear today , ” Rebecca Lee Funk , the store ’ s founder , said of the 100 or so people who had passed through to peruse the merchandise , including $ 26 Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg-themed water bottle and activism-oriented child ’ s book , early Thursday afternoon . “ A lot of people came to term a month ago that this wa not the report that ’ s going to end this administration . ”
 The release of the latest Big Report is a Washington tradition going back generation , with player including a prosecutor and a commission or a government agency finally releasing a study on some issue of pressing national interest . On Twitter and on cable news , the battle over defining the meaning of the report by the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , started right on schedule .
 In one corner , the president distributed a “ Game of Thrones ” -style poster to his Twitter follower — “ Game Over , ” read the Trumpified version . Triumphant aide took to the White House driveway : Kellyanne Conway , the counselor to the president , declared the entire enterprise “ a political proctology exam. ” In another corner , Democratic elected official urged supporter to cover their ear when it came to the attorney general ’ s description of the report . Others vowed to keep putting pressure on the president , whose lie they say are now well documented for all to see .
 “ The president and his attorney general expect the American people to be blind to what we can now see , ” Representative Elijah E. Cummings , Democrat of Maryland and the chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform , said in a statement . “ This report catalog in excruciating detail a proliferation of lie by the president to the American people , a well a his incessant and repeated effort to encourage others to lie . ”
 But the rage-filled circus we see on our screen can sometimes bear little resemblance to life in the capital . On the street of this heavily Democratic city , the release of the report seemed to be met with exhaustion-induced acceptance that Mr. Mueller had not delivered the knockout condemnation of the president it wa once assumed he would .
 Rachel Adamiak , 27 , who work at the Meatball Shop , said that she had noticed that everyone around town — down to her Uber driver — wanted to talk about the news . But she wa tired .
 “ I ’ m just , like , so overwhelmed with this never-ending party that we have going on , ” Ms. Adamiak said . “ I ’ m starting to shut it out because it make me angrier and angrier the more that I read . ”
 A similar mood wa felt at Eaton , which is known around town a the anti-Trump hotel for drawing progressive visitor to a place with an in-house podcast recording studio and gender-neutral group bathroom .
 “ I wa expecting our president to be walked away in handcuff , ” Scott Wright , 46 , of Atlanta , said a he wa waiting for his Uber after checking out .
 After Attorney General William P. Barr reported last month that Mr. Mueller had determined that Mr. Trump ’ s campaign had not cooperated with Russia , and his declaration that the president had not been guilty of any crime relating to obstruction of justice , Mr. Wright had tuned out — far out — “ I ’ m actually reading more fantasy fiction , ” he added .
 The stoic feeling of progressive Washington were similarly subdued in the city ’ s more conservative corner . Mr. Barr wa able to eat his lunch at Tosca , a white-cloth Italian restaurant offering lunch special of pan-seared octopus , pea purée , and tiramisù , in peace . And at the nearby Trump International Hotel , there were none of the cabinet secretary , personal lawyer or other Trump-world luminary .
 Instead , guest wearing “ Make America Great Again ” hat sipped beer and rosé . Two of the bar ’ s four large television , usually fixed on CNN or Fox News , were even tuned to sport channel .
 “ Objectively , we can agree that there ’ s an enormous sense of relief that this ha been put to bed , ” said Harlan Hill , a Republican strategist and Trump campaign advisory board member who visit the hotel most weeknight . “ It ’ s kind of like a rerun of a few week ago : We were really , really excited to have that , and this is confirmation of what we already know . ”
 Some big report are dutifully put on a shelf and never dusted off again . Others explode in the capital with enormous force . Ari Melber , a lawyer and one of the many MSNBC host who were preparing to shuffle in a conga line of Washington-based expert and pundit on Thursday , likened the experience of parsing them to a Supreme Court ruling — a “ paper bomb ” that needed to be dissected upon arrival .
 The Warren Commission report in 1964 seemed to answer the important question about John F. Kennedy ’ s assassination , only to spawn endless conspiracy theory for decade to come . The Starr report , released by Congress sight unseen in 1998 , wa read aloud by television anchor who turned red a they found themselves describing sex act in rather un-Washington explicitness .
 The bipartisan 9/11 Commission report in 2004 became the definitive bible for what happened on Sept. 11 , 2001 , sold more than one million copy and wa named a finalist for the National Book Award . The Senate report on torture of detainee , on the other hand , wa fought over for year and created a firestorm when it came out in 2014 , but quickly seemed forgotten .
 The Mueller report stand to be remembered in Washington a one that wa prelitigated in partisan circle before the public ever knew what wa in it , Philip D. Zelikow , a professor at the University of Virginia and the former director of the 9/11 commission , said in an interview . He said that the overarching theme of the report — detailing a hostile government ’ s effort to influence an American election — at least initially will be lost in the Trump-focused fray .
 “ The first impression of what the report said wa the Barr letter , ” Mr. Zelikow said , “ and then a further news conference today . That ha allowed the attorney general to shape the initial impression and coverage surrounding this report for a month . ”
 Ken Starr , the independent counsel who outlined a case for the impeachment of President Bill Clinton during a notoriously poisonous political era , said the climate of the chattering class — of which , a a Fox News contributor , he is a member — ha gotten much worse .
 “ America ha always been partisan , ” Mr. Starr said . But to Mr. Starr , the cable TV and Internet-fueled partisan war surrounding the Mueller report ’ s release on Thursday made dealing with the reporter who camped outside his house a he constructed his own eponymous report 21 year ago seem bizarrely quaint — now , he said , the onslaught of news ha a way of “ surrounding ” Americans .
 “ It ’ s magnified now by the ubiquity of numerous platform , ” Mr. Starr said . “ It ’ s almost hard to avert your gaze or to close your ear . In the good old day , you just didn ’ t have to read the newspaper . ”
 Peter Baker contributed reporting .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 A follow-up to “ The Hate U Give. ” An investigation into the Chernobyl disaster . True crime in Northern Ireland . And more .
 By Joumana Khatib
 Thomas ’ s debut , “ The Hate U Give , ” rocketed to the top of best-seller list and wa made into an equally acclaimed movie . Now , in her hotly anticipated second novel , she explores a different side of black life , with the story of a young girl who aspires to be a rapper and face the difficulty of making her voice heard .
 [ Read our review . ]
 In James ’ s epic new novel , the hunt is underway for a missing child , who may be the heir to the throne of an ancient African empire . The book , the first in a projected trilogy , ha been compared to an African “ Game of Thrones. ” References to everything from Marvel Comics to Gabriel García Márquez abound in this genre-bending story from a Man Booker Prize-winning writer .
 [ Read our review . ]
 A family ’ s cross-country road trip coincides with an immigration conflict at the border . Luiselli ’ s latest novel strike a balance between urgent , present-day concern ( the danger of crossing the border , especially for the youngest migrant ) and an intimate domestic story . The small , unconventional family at it heart is a committed to keeping itself whole a are the loved one who risk their life in coming to America .
 [ Read our review . ]
 When an unconscious woman , Bertha Truitt , turn up in a Massachusetts cemetery at the start of McCracken ’ s novel ( her first in 18 year ) , the town ’ s resident are understandably intrigued — and skeptical . Bertha manages to win them over after marrying the doctor who revives her and opening a candlepin bowling alley , which soon becomes the town ’ s most notable landmark . But Bertha ’ s death in a freak accident reveals more of her mysterious past , and raise question about inheritance and betrayal .
 [ Read our review . ]
 In this Korean novel , an unnamed narrator meditates on the older sister she never knew , who died a a newborn . Kang ( whose earlier novel “ The Vegetarian ” wa one of the Book Review ’ s 10 Best Books in 2016 ) us starkly white object — breast milk , swaddling band , the baby 's rice cake-colored skin — to explore the tragedy and it consequence in a lyrical , strikingly visual fashion .
 [ Read our review . ]
 The Nobel laureate ’ s collection of speech , essay and other writing touch on everything from human right to female empowerment to the place of artist in society , and also includes commentary on her own work . Some notable selection : a eulogy for James Baldwin , a prayer for the victim of the Sept. 11 attack and a meditation on Martin Luther King Jr .
 [ Read our review . ]
 The abduction in 1972 of Jean McConville , a mother of 10 in Belfast , became one of the most infamous episode in recent Irish history . Though it wa widely assumed the I.R.A . wa behind the crime , the era ’ s climate of fear and paranoia prevented anyone from speaking of it . Keefe , a staff writer at The New Yorker , delf into the case , using it a a jumping-off point to investigate the bitter conflict in Northern Ireland and it lasting aftermath .
 [ Read our review . ]
 This modern treatment of the landmark 1896 case , which protected segregation under the “ separate but equal ” doctrine , examines it long-lasting ramification . Luxenberg give a three-dimensional and almost novelistic treatment to the player involved , drawing on diary , letter and archival research .
 [ Read our review . ]
 Malcolm is a master of nonfiction , and these piece ( most of them first published in The New Yorker or The New York Review of Books ) touch on subject from Eileen Fisher to Rachel Maddow to email etiquette . In their range and verve , they confirm Malcolm ’ s ability a a literary journalist to connect her work to the cultural moment .
 [ Read our review . ]
 Mallon , a veteran of political fiction , ha written a blackly comic novel set during George W. Bush ’ s tenure a the administration grappled with two catastrophe : Hurricane Katrina and the Iraq war . At the center of the story are two West Texans in Washington rekindling a romance , along with a parade of appearance by well-known administration official : Condoleezza Rice , Donald Rumsfeld and others .
 [ Read our review . ]
 It ’ s been 33 year since a reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear plant in what wa then Soviet Ukraine exploded , killing several dozen people , with fallout eventually sickening thousand more and creating a long-term ecological crisis . The journalist Adam Higginbotham spent more than a decade interviewing eyewitness and studying declassified Soviet document to write this history of the disaster .
 [ Read our review . ]
 “ The Border ” completes a sweeping trilogy about the war on drug , begun with “ The Power of the Dog ” ( 2005 ) and continued in “ The Cartel ” ( 2015 ) . Having dealt with Mexican drug cartel and the global war on terrorism , Winslow now delf into the opioid crisis , among other thing . “ It ’ s one of the big reason that I wanted to write the book , ” he said in an interview with Entertainment Weekly last year , “ to show how a corrupt and venal political climate is directly related to the heroin epidemic , mass incarceration , the disgrace of our immigration policy . ”
 [ Read our review . ]
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 On Politics With Lisa Lerer
 By Lisa Lerer
 Hi . Welcome to On Politics , your guide to the day in national politics . I ’ m Lisa Lerer , your host .
 [ Get On Politics delivered to your inbox . ]
 President Trump isn ’ t known for following the traditional political playbook . So , it wa slightly surprising to see him spending Tax Day talking about … well … tax .
 But while Mr. Trump ’ s word may have stayed on message , his political sight were aimed elsewhere : Representative Ilhan Omar , one of the first Muslim woman elected to Congress .
 That Mr. Trump held his tax event le than 20 mile outside Ms. Omar ’ s district in Minnesota , a state that narrowly went for Hillary Clinton in 2016 , wa no accident . Nor were his recent attack on Ms. Omar , a former state representative who ha spent a little more than 27 month in any kind of elected office .
 Mr. Trump ’ s appearance Monday in Minnesota , an early salvo in his re-election campaign , highlight a fundamental question he face a we head into the 2020 race : Will his base be enough this time ?
 Rallying conservative used to revolve around a three-word slogan — “ God , gun and gay ” — which served a a shorthand for the type of cultural issue that sent voter streaming to the poll .
 Mr. Trump ha taken that culture war mantra and supercharged it : “ God , gun and gay ” ha become “ immigration , identity and Islamophobia . ”
 Mr. Trump ha a long history of incendiary comment against Muslims . ( This 2017 timeline from The Washington Post detail nearly a decade of his statement . ) He opened his campaign calling Mexican immigrant “ rapist ” and , since then , ha repeatedly cast immigrant a criminal and drug dealer . And from sexual harassment to N.F.L . protest , he ha intensified hot-button issue of race and gender by throwing fiery comment into our national debate .
 Some of these stance can be attributed to the president ’ s personal belief and temperament . But there ’ s also a calculated political strategy at play .
 It ’ s worth taking a look at some number from the 2016 exit poll . When Pennsylvania voter were asked whether minority are favored in the United States , 31 percent of the electorate — or around 1.9 million voter — agreed . Of those , 1.6 million supported Mr. Trump .
 Pennsylvania , a many of you may remember , went for Mr. Trump by le than 45,000 vote .
 We don ’ t know how many of those 1.6 million voter flipped to Mr. Trump . What we know is the belief that white people are under attack — which exit poll showed wa shared by Trump supporter in Wisconsin and Michigan — ha helped animate his support .
 That brings u back to Ms. Omar , a woman at the intersection of all three element of the new culture war . A refugee from Somalia , she ’ s a hijab-wearing Muslim and is closely identified with the Democratic Party ’ s left wing .
 Her comment last month before the Council on American-Islamic Relations led Mr. Trump to post an inflammatory video implying she trivialized the horror of the Sept. 11 terror attack .
 She ha also divided member of her own party , having made several statement that repeated historically anti-Semitic trope . Their response to Mr. Trump ’ s video , cataloged here by my colleague Astead Herndon , ranged from fierce to more milquetoast .
 Regardless of the complicated politics surrounding Ms. Omar , though , the freshman congresswoman ha a decent shot at re-election . Her Minneapolis district hasn ’ t voted for a Republican in nearly six decade , and her profile will make it fairly easy for her to raise the kind of money that scare off primary challenge .
 The bigger political unknown is whether this benefit Mr. Trump quite a much a he may expect .
 [ Sign up here to get On Politics in your inbox . ]
 ____________________
 Drop u a line !
 We want to hear from our reader . Have a question ? We ’ ll try to answer it . Have a comment ? We ’ re all ear . Email u at onpolitics @ nytimes.com .
 ____________________
 “ Having money ’ s not everything ; not having it is . ”
 — Kanye West
 Monday is the day we ’ ve been waiting for : Federal Election Commission campaign finance report are due . The public will finally get to see the full picture of something that ’ s been leaking in bit and piece — how much each candidate raised during the first three month of the already-crowded 2020 race .
 Typically , happy campaign file early . That ’ s why we received Mayor Pete Buttigieg ’ s information early this morning and President Trump ’ s last night .
 These report include all kind of data beyond just how much each candidate raised . We can see what they spent on , how many people they ’ ve hired and how much is left in the bank . It ’ s a fascinating peek into each campaign that give an early sense of their operation .
 Money isn ’ t everything , a Mr. West point out . Hillary Clinton raised nearly double what Mr. Trump did in 2016 . But in politics , it certainly doe help .
 Here ’ s what we know so far :
 • The top fund-raisers in the first quarter of the year were Mr. Trump , whose campaign raised $ 30.3 million , and Senator Bernie Sanders , who raised $ 18.2 million .
 • Mr. Buttigieg raised $ 7.1 million in the quarter , and spent modestly , ending the period with $ 6.4 million in cash on hand .
 • Some lesser-known candidate face a steep challenge : Gov . Jay Inslee of Washington raised $ 2.25 million in the quarter ; former Gov . John Hickenlooper of Colorado raised just over $ 2 million ; and Julián Castro , the former housing secretary , raised $ 1.1 million .
 The New York Times will be up through the night reporting on the filing a they come in . You can follow along here .
 ____________________
 • While climate change affect everywhere , some area in America will be le affected than others . That ’ s the argument they ’ re making in Duluth , Minn. , in a science-backed bid to spur the city ’ s growth .
 • As a “ Game of Thrones ” tourist in Northern Ireland , you can see how the magic of a fantasy realm ha eclipsed the history of the actual place .
 • The Times won two Pulitzer Prizes , including one for our 18-month investigation into President Trump ’ s history of tax dodging . You can see all the winner here .
 ____________________
 This is heartbreaking .
 _____________________
 Were you forwarded this newsletter ? Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox .
 Thanks for reading . Politics is more than what go on inside the White House . On Politics brings you the people , issue and idea reshaping our world .
 Is there anything you think we ’ re missing ? Anything you want to see more of ? We ’ d love to hear from you . Email u at onpolitics @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Remy Tumin and Lance Booth
 Here are the week ’ s top story , and a look ahead .
 1 . A monumental victory for Tiger Woods .
 The golfer ’ s comeback from personal and professional adversity is complete . He captured his fifth Masters title and his 15th major tournament , snapping a championship drought of nearly 11 year .
 It wa a triumph for the age .
 Have you been keeping up with the headline ? Test your knowledge with our news quiz . And here ’ s the front page of our Sunday paper , the Sunday Review from Opinion and our crossword puzzle .
 _____
 2 . Space dominated the news this week .
 Astronomers captured the first-ever image of a black hole , peering inside one of the deepest , darkest abyss in the cosmos . Here ’ s how they did it .
 Back on Earth , NASA studied the twin astronaut Mark and Scott Kelly while one wa on Earth and one wa in space . The result show just how much space can change you . But in the year Scott Kelly spent orbiting Earth , he didn ’ t just gather data for the study : He produced some , well , stellar image .
 Separately , Falcon Heavy , the most powerful rocket in operation , successfully launched into orbit . It represents the latest advancement for SpaceX .
 ____
 3 . A more complete picture of the event leading up to Julian Assange ’ s arrest is beginning to emerge .
 The Ecuadorean Embassy in London protected the WikiLeaks founder from prosecution for year , but it tolerance wore thin . There were dispute over his behavior , his cat and his personal hygiene .
 When embarrassing photo of Ecuador ’ s president were published last month , he blamed WikiLeaks . After his vice president vowed to take action against Mr. Assange , the country made good on it threat on Thursday , when it opened the door to London police officer who carted Mr. Assange away , above . “ Saturday Night Live ” drew on the arrest for it opening sketch .
 The U.S. requested the extradition of Mr. Assange , who is charged with conspiring to hack into a Pentagon computer in 2010 . But the extradition process promise to be long , and complicated .
 ____
 4 . President Trump urged an official to close the border . He said his administration wa “ strongly ” considering releasing migrant into mostly Democratic “ sanctuary cities. ” And now part of Mr. Trump ’ s immigration strategy ha the backing of the court .
 A federal appeal court said on Friday that the Trump administration could temporarily continue to force migrant seeking asylum in the U.S. to wait in Mexico while their case are decided . The dispute will roll into next week with new argument scheduled . One new reason for a surge in migration : climate change . Above , the border in El Paso .
 In other Washington news , House Democrats may be setting themselves up for a legal fight over Mr. Trump ’ s tax return . Here ’ s what we might learn from the document .
 And Congress ha gone on a two-week recess , but that won ’ t affect the release of the redacted Mueller report , which is expected within day .
 ____
 5 . There are ( currently ) 18 presidential hopeful in the Democratic field . Only one can be the nominee . What do the others stand to gain ?
 A lot , it turn out . There are book deal and TV contract and maybe even a cabinet position if your side win . Recent history suggests there is almost no downside to giving it a shot . Above , Senator Cory Booker of New Jersey officially kicked off his campaign in Newark on Saturday .
 And there ’ s a new way Democrats will be selecting their nominee : Fewer state will have caucus in 2020 .
 Meanwhile , Republicans are poll-testing way to portray Democrats a too extreme on issue like health care , abortion and the environment . Democrats worry that the messaging is working .
 ____
 6 . From the U.S. election to international election :
 The biggest election in history is underway in India . The country ha 900 million voter ( over 10 percent of the world ’ s population ) and is committed to polling every one of them , no matter how isolated . Voting began on Thursday and last for several week . Here ’ s a short guide . Above , a woman voting in Muzaffarnagar , India .
 Separately , Israelis re-elected Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to a fourth term , cementing a conservative bend toward power . Mr. Netanyahu may benefit from an effort by his right-wing coalition to protect him from prosecution on possible corruption charge .
 ____
 7 . Google track million of phone worldwide , and the police are using it database to find suspect . But the dragnet can also snare the innocent .
 The database , called Sensorvault , ha a trove of detailed location record involving at least hundred of million of device worldwide , The Times found . Here ’ s what the database is and how it work . Above , the site of a shooting in a Phoenix suburb where Google location data wa used to track down a suspect .
 This week , The Times ’ s Opinion section debuted a new project that explores the boundary of privacy today . The columnist Farhad Manjoo writes how the latest innovation in tech are elevating question of privacy into much larger issue .
 ____
 8 . And now for some word fan thought they ’ d never hear : “ Game of Thrones ” is back .
 After a nearly two-year hiatus , one of the most popular show in the history of TV return tonight . You ’ ve got question , we ’ ve got answer in this guide to season past and prediction moving forward . Our TV critic is hoping for le stabbing and more blabbing this season .
 Separately , the Writers Guild of America told it 13,000 movie and TV writer to fire their agent after talk broke down hour before deadline .
 ____
 9 . It ’ s festival season , but the real action at Coachella this year is happening offstage .
 One of the country ’ s largest music festival , happening this weekend and next in Indio , Calif. , Coachella ha morphed from an arbiter of status to launching pad for globally minded star .
 With new film by Childish Gambino , above , and Beyoncé , and an Easter Sunday service from Kanye West , this year ’ s Coachella will be different . We explored why .
 ____
 10 . Finally , it ’ s time to settle in to one of our Best Weekend Reads .
 We have article about a new train in the Horn of Africa , the promise of success at a public school , above , backed by the N.B.A . star LeBron James , and everything you wanted to know ( and maybe didn ’ t ) about a royal baby on the way .
 For more suggestion on what to read , watch and listen to , check out these eight new book our editor liked , the latest small-screen recommendation from Watching , and our music critic ’ latest playlist .
 Have a thrilling week .
 ____
 Your Weekend Briefing is published Sundays at 6 a.m. Eastern .
 You can sign up here to get our Morning Briefings by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning , or here to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknight .
 Browse our full range of Times newsletter here .
 What did you like ? What do you want to see here ? Let u know at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 WHAT I LOVE
 The musician Ingrid Michaelson and the actor Will Chase have very different idea about material possession . And that work out just fine .

 8 Photos
 View Slide Show ›
 By Joanne Kaufman
 The actor Will Chase and the singer and composer Ingrid Michaelson were introduced year ago at a red-carpet charity event .
 “ I don ’ t remember meeting him , ” said Ms. Michaelson , 39 , all cheery candor .
 “ I remember meeting her , ” said Mr. Chase , 48 , who play an egotistic trouper/impresario ( nothing like his own gallant self , of course ) in the Broadway revival of “ Kiss Me Kate , ” now in preview , and who set heart aflutter a the country-singing superstar Luke Wheeler on the series “ Nashville. ” His TV credit also include “ Smash , ” “ Sharp Objects ” and “ Stranger Things . ”
 It ’ s safe to say that the story of their courtship wouldn ’ t spark a bidding war for the film right .
 “ We went on a date , ” said Ms. Michaelson , who ha released eight studio album and made her film-acting debut in the 2017 comedy “ Humor Me. ” “ We liked each other , and that wa that . He started out a a fan of my music , and I wa a fan , too , because I loved ‘ Nashville. ’ We came to each other with mutual respect . ”
 She continued : “ Not to be morose , but my mother passed away , I got a divorce and my life kind of fell apart . And then I began seeing Will , and right off the bat it wa good . ”
 Living together ha been similarly fine . “ Wunderbar , ” you might say , to quote one of Mr. Chase ’ s number from “ Kiss Me Kate . ”
 Soon after getting together in 2015 , the couple moved into a three-floor spread in a rental building in Prospect Heights , Brooklyn . And perhaps a a nod to Ms. Michaelson ’ s obsession with the Yuletide season — don ’ t get her going on her musical Christmas clock , a gift from Hallmark — they quickly planted a dozen evergreen on one of the apartment ’ s two terrace .
 Ms. Michaelson ’ s brother , Charlie , and his wife and toddler daughter are right upstairs , in the building ’ s only other unit . “ Ingrid and her brother are very tight , and we get to see them every day , which is a plus of being here , ” Mr. Chase said . “ And we ’ re the insta-babysitters . ”
 Keeping to the all-in-the-family theme , one of Mr. Chase ’ s daughter from his first marriage ha lately been in residence a well , on a gap year before starting college .
 Occupations : He ’ s an actor ; she ’ s a pop composer and singer who did a stint on Broadway a a replacement in “ Natasha , Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812 . ”
 Getting away from it all : “ I know a lot of theater people say this , but I like living tucked away from the theater district , ” Mr. Chase said . “ It ’ s very familial in Brooklyn . I like to be here and veg . ”
 Ms. Michaelson ha taken the lead in outfitting the apartment . This is partly because she is hip , Mr. Chase said , and know that a certain object “ will look great in the place by the thing , which I just can ’ t visualize . ”
 And it is partly because she had many piece to contribute , several from the Victorian house in Nyack , N.Y. , that she owned with her former husband : bedside lamp , side table , chest , a mirror and a dining table that she adored but worried might be too big for the space .
 “ We just measured it , ” she said . “ It ’ s 82 inch and I ’ m like , ‘ Should we get a smaller table ? ’ But I do love it . ”
 But really , it come down to this : Ms. Michaelson ha her stuff , and she love her stuff . Mr. Chase is not a material guy . He accumulates little and care le , although he is very tender on the subject of the vinyl classical record he inherited from Ms. Michaelson ’ s father .
 “ I ’ m like , ‘ Don ’ t you want to keep that chair or whatever from your family ? ’ And he ’ s like , ‘ Not really. ’ Will ’ s very easygoing . I admire that he doesn ’ t get sentimental about too many object , ” Ms. Michaelson said .
 “ I , on the other hand , hold on to thing , ” she added , pointing to the chest from her family ’ s Staten Island house that held her childhood art and craft supply , and to two spindle-backed antique chair , the sole survivor of a set that belonged to her grandmother .
 When Ms. Michaelson doe let something go , she try very hard to avoid regret . This is not always possible . It wa absolutely not possible in the case of the antique egg incubator she bought at the Brooklyn shop Sterling Place .
 “ It wa my first big furniture purchase , and it cost $ 500 , ” she said . “ I used it a a side table , but it wa really too big for a side table and too small for anything else . So I ended up selling it . ”
 She added : “ I still think about it . ”
 “ Note to self : Christmas present , ” her boyfriend said .
 Whatever his indifference to how his space is filled , Mr. Chase would prefer that the space be big . Never mind that more often than not he and Ms. Michaelson can be found nestled on the very puffy sectional in a corner of the living room watching “ Game of Thrones . ”
 He like room to roam . He ’ s got it .
 The living room — heavy on the wood and earth tone , and heavily dependent on Restoration Hardware and West Elm — is cozy and welcoming , but betrays nothing about the professional life of the inhabitant . All is revealed in the studio/office where , surrounded by family photo and theater poster and caricature , Mr. Chase memorizes his line and Ms. Michaelson writes . ( She is working on the score for a musical adaptation of “ The Notebook . ” )
 “ It ’ s kind of our accomplishment in here , mixed with bizarre thing , ” she said .
 Bizarre : the lion ’ s head she bought at a rest stop while on tour . Bizarre ( but sweet ) : the Grimace sponge she bought for Mr. Chase on eBay .
 The accomplishment include Mr. Chase ’ s Tony Award nomination certificate ( for his performance in the 2012 revival of “ The Mystery of Edwin Drood ” ) and Ms. Michaelson ’ s two platinum single ( for 2007 ’ s “ The Way I Am ” and 2014 ’ s “ Girls Chase Boys ” ) .
 “ But it ’ s not ‘ Look at us. ’ It ’ s not , like , showcasing u , ” Mr. Chase insisted . “ And then we joke , ‘ It ’ s not like we have that many award . ’ ”
 For weekly email update on residential real estate news , sign up here . Follow u on Twitter : @ nytrealestate .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Billions
 By Sean T. Collins
 When “ Billions ” is at it best , a it certainly wa tonight , recapping is a dicey proposition . Focus on one element and you inevitably give short shrift to another equally entertaining aspect .
 And more than any other show currently airing , “ Billions ” deploys a whole lot of very different way to entertain you : a satire of extreme wealth and power a well a an alluring recreation of it ; a financial and political thriller , tag-teamed with a comedy of manner ; a parade of terrific character actor knocking around crisp , reference-heavy dialogue like a badminton shuttlecock ; a sensitive and idiosyncratic depiction of a gender-nonbinary character , mixed with a humanizing and nonjudgmental depiction of sadomasochism within the context of a loving relationship .
 This week ’ s episode wa all that and more , and it forced a dramatic shift upon the entire series .
 There ’ s no sense beating around the bush here . Faced with the certain exposure of his kinky sex life , Chuck Rhoades decides to risk sacrificing his wife ’ s reputation at the altar of his own ambition to become the attorney general , preemptively revealing that he is a sexual submissive to the world . On Election Day . And he win .
 It ’ s a blockbuster moment for the series — and , perhaps , a central one . Keep in mind that the pilot episode opened with Chuck , stripped down and tied up , the same way that “ Game of Thrones ” began with zombie and White Walkers attacking normal human . In both case , an expanding cast and a few season of byzantine political machination helped detract attention from what wa lurking there all along .
 A big difference here , of course , is that Chuck Rhoades is no stoic , mute Night King . He ’ s Paul freakin ’ Giamatti , and is there any actor more fun to listen to ? His voice modulates with nearly every word of dialogue , a if he weren ’ t speaking each sentence so much a juggling it .
 It ’ s a great fit for a character who is not only constantly thinking but also must do so demonstratively , whether to intimidate his enemy , reassure his ally or simply please his own vanity . Watching him tell a roomful of reporter what he must do “ in order to achieve sexual gratification , ” seeming to re-evaluate how far to take his confession several time per sentence , is a consummate pleasure .
 The fallout is immediate : positive politically and disastrous personally . Chuck win the election ( I defy you to read the news for five minute and then tell me this isn ’ t possible ) , and impress the hell out of his increasingly close associate Bobby Axelrod , who promise his first wisecrack about Rhoades ’ s predilection will be his last . ( “ I doubt that , ” Chuck deadpans . )
 To Bobby , at least , Chuck remains a man of his word . Making good on his promise last episode to perform a service for Axe postelection , Chuck freeze the asset of the Russian plutocrat and staunch Axelrod adversary Grigor Andolov . Bobby tell Grigor he can have it unfrozen only if he return to his home country , never to return .
 Just in time , too : On a day when Bobby and company were prepared to make a killing by exploiting advance notice of a natural gas disaster , Andolov brute-force hacked Axe Cap ’ s entire internet and phone system . The awe with which the young , internet-native staff regard Bobby and Wags a they wheel and deal on burner cellphone , “ Wolf of Wall Street ” -style , and wind up doing nearly a well a they would have anyway is one of the night ’ s funniest moment . ( Top honor go to Condola Rashad ’ s look of dumbfounded disbelief a Chuck ’ s former employee Kate Sacker when she learns what her old bos get up to in bed . )
 Still , the Russian had to go in order for Bobby , his American counterpart , to truly thrive , and it ’ s Chuck who doe the deed — despite Andolov ’ s attempt to exploit Chuck ’ s sexual adventurousness by promising him overseas exploit so extreme he dare not even mention them aloud .
 But someone ha to lose to make all this winning possible , and that ’ s undoubtedly Wendy , whom Chuck humiliates on the grandest stage of them all . It ’ s not that she feel either of them should be ashamed of their sexual fetish — “ Billions ” ha always been resolute in maintaining that kink is not an indicator of personal or marital dysfunction , and for that it deserves enormous credit . On the contrary , Wendy know that the consent Chuck give her to hurt him is what make their relationship work .
 But she emphatically did not consent to having their sex life dragged into the spotlight , risking her professional relationship and embarrassing their child . The next thing she know , she ’ s watching him out her a a dominatrix on the 5 o ’ clock news .
 As she ’ s done many time in the past , Maggie Siff underplays Wendy ’ s frustration and anger , which ha the effect of making what come through seem that much more intimidating and sincere . What Chuck ha done to her is a grotesque violation , and his failure to act a if it were anything more than a spat that can be patched over is indicative of his deep moral shortcoming .
 Yet even in this episode , there are moment of human connection to savor . Taylor Mason ’ s dad , Douglas , visit with a business proposal that his brainiac offspring is visibly thrilled to realize is worth backing . “ I ’ m gon na be in business with my … child , ” Douglas say , respecting Taylor ’ s nonbinary status to their mutual joy . On a le wholesome but still sincere ( ish ) note , Bobby and his billionaire girlfriend , Rebecca , stage a takeover of a struggling convenience-store chain the way the rest of u might approach going to the laundromat ; his purchase of his-and-hers Mercedes for $ 132,000 a pop is a grimly funny reminder of just how far removed from the rest of u these people are .
 Even Chuck ha good within him . Take his final battle against the New York power broker Jack Foley , who ’ s the reason he ha to out himself a a masochist . Foley know the secret . He ha passed it on to United States Attorney General Jock Jeffcoat , who hate Chuck even more than he doe . And he tell Chuck he will not hesitate to expose him if that ’ s what it take to keep that office clean .
 As Black Jack , the actor David Strathairn is marvelous here . Foley is sincerely worked up about this , his eye teary , his voice wavering . Before our eye , he melt through his kingmaker character ’ s sang-froid to reveal the idealism he still harbor in his heart , misguided though it may be .
 The favor is returned , so to speak , when Chuck learns from his lieutenant Karl Allard ( the great Allan Havey ) the reason Jack is playing hardball : He ha terminal cancer , and this is his last stand . Even though he ’ s in a fight for his political life against the guy , Chuck is saddened by his enemy ’ s illness . Moments like these keep him a character worth rooting for , if only barely .
 I appreciate that there ’ s room for humanizing beat like these on a show this ( appropriately ) cynical about wealth and power . All other consideration about character development and realistic human behavior aside , it would be pretty boring if all anyone here ever cared about wa winning .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Fiction
 When you purchase an independently reviewed book through our site , we earn an affiliate commission .
 By Michiko Kakutani
 BLACK LEOPARD , RED WOLF By Marlon James
 The story kernel at the center of “ Black Leopard , Red Wolf , ” Marlon James ’ s surreal new fantasy epic , concern the search for a missing boy . A hunter named Tracker , who is famous for his nose — “ for finding what would rather stay lost ” — is hired to find the lost child , who may or may not be the rightful heir to the throne of an ancient African empire . Tracker soon realizes that he is only one of many hired to find the boy — or proof of his death .
 The search for the boy , it turn out , is a giant MacGuffin : The very first sentence of the novel informs u that the child is dead , and James us the search a an armature on which to hang dozen of other tale , much the way he used the story of an assassination attempt on Bob Marley in his award-winning 2014 novel “ A Brief History of Seven Killings ” a scaffolding to create a tangled , choral portrait of Jamaica and it relationship with the United States .
 In these page , James conjures the literary equivalent of a Marvel Comics universe — filled with dizzying , magpie reference to old movie and recent TV , ancient myth and classic comic book , and fused into something new and startling by his gift for language and sheer inventiveness .
 The fictional Africa in “ Black Leopard , Red Wolf ” feel like a place mapped by Gabriel García Márquez and Hieronymus Bosch with an assist from Salvador Dalí . It ’ s a magical , sometimes beautiful place , but also a place filled with malicious vampire , demon , witch and necromancer , given to murder , cannibalism and the hurling of evil spell . The action is often gut-wrenchingly violent — part “ Blood Meridian , ” part “ Deadpool , ” part “ Game of Thrones. ” Innocents are slaughtered in showdown between rival group . Curses and dark prophecy multiply . Hearts and eyeball are bloodily plucked out .
 Metamorphosis — of the sort made famous by both Ovid and Stan Lee — is one of the novel ’ s central theme . There ’ s Tracker ’ s passage into manhood through a series of harrowing adventure ; and his love-hate relationship with the Leopard , a charismatic being who can incarnate himself a both an animal and a man . Tracker also ha a series of alarming encounter with shape-shifting creature who may be adversary or ally or both — including Sasabonsam , a menacing batlike creature who may have kidnapped the missing boy ; and Nyka , a mercenary and former friend who once committed a terrible act of betrayal .
 [ Marlon James list his 10 desert-island book . ]
 How did these character reach these particular crossroad ? Whom can Tracker trust , and can the reader trust Tracker — or is he a unreliable a narrator a the rival and relative who offer conflicting story line , suggesting that truth is “ a shifting , slithering thing ” ? Is his father really his grandfather , a his uncle asserts ? Will he avenge himself on the men who killed his brother and father ? Will his love for a group of orphaned , misfit child replace the anger in his heart and give him a sense of purpose ? Why doe Tracker hide his real feeling about the Leopard ? And why doe the Leopard tell him to “ learn not to need people ” ? Such question are not entirely answered in this volume — which is only the first installment of what James is calling his “ Dark Star ” trilogy .
 In keeping with familiar fantasy and sci-fi template ( from Harry Potter to “ The Matrix ” to “ The Lion King ” ) , the plot of “ Black Leopard , Red Wolf ” retraces many of the step that the scholar Joseph Campbell described a stage in the archetypal hero ’ s journey . Like Luke Skywalker in “ Star Wars ” and Frodo in “ The Lord of the Rings , ” Tracker set off on a journey that will take him away from home — to distant land and kingdom , where he face a series of dangerous test . And like many a comic-book superhero and antihero before him , Tracker grapple painfully with his own identity , even a he fight off a succession of opponent who threaten to thwart his mission . Along the way , a his path converges with that of others looking for the missing boy , Tracker becomes part of a motley group of mercenary and misfit who squabble noisily and violently among themselves — and who bear more than a passing resemblance to the sort of ragtag team of rival assembled in movie like “ The Dirty Dozen , ” “ The Avengers ” and “ Guardians of the Galaxy . ”
 There are allusion in “ Black Leopard , Red Wolf ” not just to countless Marvel series and character ( like the Black Panther , Deadpool and Wolverine ) , but also to myriad literary work including Octavia E. Butler ’ s sci-fi classic “ Wild Seed , ” Angela Carter ’ s “ The Bloody Chamber , ” Salman Rushdie ’ s “ The Satanic Verses , ” Tolkien ’ s Middle-earth novel , Ursula K. Le Guin ’ s Earthsea book , Jung ’ s writing on archetype and the collective unconscious and African epic about trickster and shape-shifting character who symbolize chaos and change .
 James is such a nimble and fluent writer that such reference never threaten to devolve into pretentious postmodern exercise . Even when he is nestling one tale within another like Russian doll that underscore the provisional nature of storytelling ( and the Rashomon-like way in which we remember ) , he is giving u a gripping , action-packed narrative . What the novel could have used is a little judicious pruning : As in superhero movie , the action sometimes assumes a predictable , episodic rhythm — one violent , bravura showdown after another , strung together by interlude of travel and effort to regroup and connect the dot .
 What propels the novel forward is the same thing that fuel the best superhero movie and comic book : the origin story of it central character . We read to find out how Tracker became the Red Wolf and how the Leopard became the Leopard . In their beginning are their end : the key to their strength and vulnerability , the source of their drive and ambition and fear , and clue to the larger goal that endow their quest for self-knowledge with some larger sense of mission .
 With Tracker and the Leopard , James ha created two compelling and iconic character — character who will take their place in the pantheon of memorable and fantastical superheroes .
 Michiko Kakutani , former chief book critic for The New York Times , is the author of “ The Death of Truth : Notes on Falsehood in the Age of Trump. ” Follow her on Twitter : @ michikokakutani And on Instagram : http : //www.instagram.com/michi_kakutani/
 BLACK LEOPARD , RED WOLF By Marlon James 620 pp . Riverhead Books . $ 30 .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 New York Today
 By Azi Paybarah
 [ Want to get New York Today by email ? Here 's the sign-up . ]
 It ’ s Wednesday . There wa a small earthquake off the coast of Long Island yesterday morning .
 Weather : Today will be cool , sunny and breezy — the way that I always want it to be . Temperatures are expected to top out in the high 50 around 4 p.m .
 Alternate-side parking : In effect until April 18 ( Holy Thursday ) .
 New York City is experiencing one of the largest measles outbreak in the United States in decade , with 285 confirmed case since the fall , mainly in ultra-Orthodox Jewish community in Brooklyn .
 On Tuesday , city official declared a public health emergency , requiring people in four ZIP code in Brooklyn to get vaccinated or face penalty .
 “ We are absolutely certain we have the power to do this , ” Mayor de Blasio said at a news conference in Brooklyn . “ This is the epicenter of a measles outbreak . ”
 [ Read more about New York City ’ s public health emergency and the fight against measles . ]
 [ “ Monkey , rat and pig DNA ” : How misinformation is driving the measles outbreak among ultra-Orthodox Jews . ]
 The city declared a public health emergency . Now what ?
 The city is focusing on four ZIP code in Williamsburg and Borough Park , Brooklyn : 11205 , 11206 , 11211 and 11249 .
 People living , working or going to school in those area who also have come into contact with someone who ha measles now have three option :
 • Get vaccinated .
 • Prove that they already were vaccinated .
 • Pay a fine of $ 1,000 for each time they were exposed to the disease .
 How will the city know if someone wa in contact with a person who ha measles ?
 That ’ s the job of disease detective . No , seriously : That ’ s what they ’ re called .
 Disease detective figure out who is sick , when they became sick and how they might have gotten sick , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . This information help doctor and health official trace the source of an outbreak and ultimately contain it .
 Or , if you prefer another reference point : A disease detective is like the character Brad Pitt played in the movie “ World War Z . ”
 Will the city vaccinate people against their will ?
 No .
 “ We will not be forcibly vaccinating individual , ” a City Hall spokeswoman , Marcy Miranda , wrote in an email to The Times . Officials “ will work with people to educate them about the safety and importance of vaccine and will issue necessary fine a needed , ” she wrote .
 Why is measles spreading ? Wasn ’ t it eradicated ?
 Years ago , the number of confirmed measles case in the United States dropped to a very low point , but the virus wa never eliminated .
 In 2000 , there were no reported case of the disease in the United States . In 2004 , there were 37 confirmed case in the country . In 2014 , that number jumped to 667 , according to the C.D.C .
 In recent year , vaccination rate worldwide fell , largely because of misinformation about the danger of vaccination .
 To be clear : Vaccines are safe , and not getting vaccinated enables the disease to spread .
 What have other place done to stop measles outbreak ?
 Rockland County , a suburban area north of the city , tried banning unvaccinated individual from public space , restaurant , shopping area and house of worship last month .
 A judge recently halted the policy .
 A New York City firefighter went to serve in Afghanistan . He wa killed by a roadside bomb .
 “ Jane Doe Ponytail ” died in New York . Now her brother is taking her home to China .
 Bob Slade , a distinguished voice on black radio , ha died . He wa 70 .
 Two woman were killed on a beach vacation in 1973 . A DNA test just led to an arrest .
 A night at the museum with beer and skull .
 How Gold ’ s Horseradish became a Passover staple .
 [ Want more news from New York and around the region ? Check out our full coverage . ]
 The mini crossword : Here is today ’ s puzzle .
 Bad veterinarian rarely face punishment in New York . [ The City ]
 Cardinal Timothy Dolan announced plan to create up to 2,000 unit of below-market-rate housing in New York City over the next decade . [ amNew York ]
 Meet the 16 people who may decide the fate of the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway . [ Brooklyn Daily Eagle ]
 A Mount Vernon couple missing since last month may have been found dead in the Dominican Republic . [ Daily News ]
 Yes , new bar and restaurant are trying to look vintage . [ Grub Street ]
 Marc Lamont Hill , a professor at Temple University , talk about the concept of solidarity at New York University ’ s Kimmel Center for University Life in Manhattan . 6:30 p.m. [ Free ]
 A night of comedy dedicated to “ Game of Thrones , ” ahead of the HBO show ’ s final season , at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in Manhattan . 9 p.m. [ $ 10.50 ]
 “ Ask Me Another , ” the NPR and WNYC live show that mix trivia game with comedy and music , return to the Bell House in Brooklyn with a special guest , the actress and comedian Retta . 6:45 p.m. [ $ 20 ]
 — Iman Stevenson
 Events are subject to change , so double-check before heading out . For more event , see the going-out guide from The Times ’ s culture page .
 Are human shaping technology , or is technology shaping u ?
 You may find answer at an exhibit called “ Bionic Me , ” at the New York Hall of Science in Queens .
 There ’ s an ethic test in which participant record their answer not by filling out a sheet of paper or pressing button on a keyboard , but with “ eye-motion tracking technology , ” said Lauren Parikhal , a marketing and communication manager at the Hall of Science .
 There is also an exoskeleton that child can climb into and , with a little help from a computer screen , act “ a if they were a superhuman-strong robot on a factory floor , ” she said .
 One of the more challenging feature involves two ball inside a tube , connected to a computer that measure brain wave .
 The goal is to get the ball to hover higher than your opponent ’ s . To get the ball to hover higher in the tube , you have to lower your brain wave activity .
 “ You can see the calmness of your brain directly related to the position of the ball in the tube , ” Ms. Parikhal said . “ I see some kid struggle with it because they don ’ t really understand what it mean to take a deep breath and clear your mind . ”
 “ Bionic Me ” is open until May 5 .
 Admission to the Hall of Science is $ 16 for adult , $ 13 for child and senior .
 It ’ s Wednesday — let your geek flag fly .
 Dear Diary :
 I am an inveterate jogger . Once , when I wa out for a run on a Wednesday night in 1979 , I had a memorable meeting with a motorist in distress at the northbound 96th Street exit off the F.D.R . Drive .
 I had run up that way from my apartment in Stuyvesant Town on East 20th Street .
 I wa about to turn around at 96th Street and head back south when I saw a driver stopped at the side of the road in a way that suggested car trouble . It wa my sister . She worked on the West Side then and commuted from Westchester County .
 Adding to the magic of the coincidence wa that even though I have never been mechanically inclined , I wa able to make a temporary repair that got her back on the road .
 The problem wa a disconnected exhaust pipe . I asked my sister to give me her stocking . Then I shimmied under the car and used them to tie the pipe to the chassis .
 In about five minute , we were on our way : she to Westchester , and me back to 20th Street .
 — John McMahon
 New York Today is published weekday around 6 a.m. Sign up here to get it by email . You can also find it at nytoday.com .
 We ’ re experimenting with the format of New York Today . What would you like to see more ( or le ) of ? Post a comment or email u : nytoday @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Ellen Barry and Stephen Castle
 LONDON — Under normal circumstance , the British lawmaker Nick Boles and Yvette Cooper would hardly be called rebel .
 Mr. Boles , an Oxford-educated Tory , come from a long line of colonial officer and Conservative Party stalwart . Ms. Cooper , an Oxford-educated Labour lawmaker , became a government minister at the age of 30 , and wa the first woman to serve a chief secretary to the Treasury .
 But on Tuesday , these two moderate , establishment lawmaker , both representing district that strongly backed Britain ’ s exit from the European Union , hope to present the British government with a historic challenge .
 They plan to propose an amendment in Parliament that could delay Britain ’ s departure from the bloc for a few month or even until the end of the year rather than leave without a deal .
 It will be a day of muscle-flexing on Tuesday in Parliament , in which opposition and backbench lawmaker — traditionally the system ’ s weaker player — will try to take a greater degree of control over Brexit , a the process of leaving the European Union is known .
 [ Read more about how the amendment process work . ]
 The Cooper-Boles amendment , if it is passed , would be a game-changer , insulating Britain from the economic shock of a uncontrolled departure , a so-called no-deal Brexit .
 It would also undermine Prime Minister Theresa May , who hope to use the threat of a no-deal exit to extract 11th-hour concession from Irish and European negotiator .
 The basic of Brexit , the troubled plan for Britain to quit the European Union .
 As Tuesday approached , both Ms. Cooper and Mr. Boles had received threat from constituent who saw them a endangering Brexit .
 “ I think they are taking a very big risk , ” said Ayesha Hazarika , a political commentator and former adviser to Labour Party politician .
 “ The grass root , both Labour and Conservative supporter , will look at the two of them , and the word ‘ traitor ’ and ‘ betrayal ’ will come from their mouth , ” she said . “ This amendment will come at a high personal cost to both of them . ”
 Tuesday ’ s likely vote on this and other amendment will be a test of Parliament ’ s ability to shape policy , for many decade the exclusive domain of the executive branch .
 Mr. Boles on Monday invoked the 19th-century political scientist Walter Bagehot , who wrote that the House of Commons ha control over it procedure , and can change them by majority vote .
 But Mrs. May ’ s team spent much of Monday pleading with centrist Conservative lawmaker not to support the Cooper-Boles amendment , assuring them that they will have an opportunity to prevent a no-deal Brexit in February , when the prime minister brings a revised version of the deal back to Parliament .
 Instead , Mrs. May is encouraging Tories to support an amendment proposed by Graham Brady , a senior Conservative lawmaker , who ha called for change to the backstop , a plan to keep good flowing across the Irish border without custom check — in effect , tying Britain to European Union trading rule for a limited amount of time .
 While his proposed amendment is vague , pro-Brexit Conservatives favor a time limit to the backstop plan or a unilateral right to leave it .
 That solution presumes concession from the European Union , whose official have ruled out significant move . Sabine Weyand , the European Union ’ s deputy chief negotiator , on Monday said a time limit on the backstop “ defeat the purpose . ”
 “ Once the backstop expires , you stand there with no solution for this border , ” she said , speaking in Brussels , Reuters reported .
 On Friday , Mr. Boles spent two hour addressing a largely critical crowd of Conservative activist in his home constituency of Grantham and Stamford in Lincolnshire , which voted 61 percent to leave the European Union .
 Philip Sagar , the constituency party chairman , said Mr. Boles would “ probably not get reselected ” if his candidacy came up for a vote now , because he wa seen a diverging from the majority .
 “ When we elect an M.P. , they have to represent the whole of his or her constituency , ” Mr. Sagar said . “ Parliament overwhelmingly abrogated their authority on the future of Europe to the people , and the people voted to leave . ”
 Mr. Boles told the BBC he had received a string of threat from unhappy Brexiteers .
 “ A couple of day ago somebody called my office and said they were going to burn my house down , ” he said . “ I feel like I ’ m bound to get one of those vile treatment from one of the particularly unpleasant character in ‘ Game of Thrones . ’ ”
 The proposed amendment , though , picked up support from Eliza Manningham-Buller , the former head of one of Britain ’ s security agency , MI5 , who told the BBC that a no-deal exit would compromise Britain ’ s security by cutting off access to European database and joint mechanism .
 She rejected the notion that Parliament wa overstepping it bound .
 “ It seems to me that there ’ s an irony here , ” she said . “ The Brexiters — and I ’ m not one of them — argue that it ’ s about taking back parliamentary sovereignty . If it ’ s about parliamentary sovereignty , Parliament is sovereign . ”
 A number of leading supermarket and restaurant chain on Monday released a letter warning that consumer could experience shortage and face higher price in the event of a no-deal exit .
 The letter to lawmaker , signed by Marks & Spencer , McDonald ’ s , Sainsbury ’ s and others , said that store were stockpiling where possible but that all frozen and chilled storage wa already being used , and that “ even if there were more space it is impossible to stockpile fresh produce , such a salad leaf and fresh fruit . ”
 Among the complication for lawmaker is that Parliament view a no-deal Brexit with far more apprehension than the general public , said Tony Travers , a professor of government at the London School of Economics .
 In a poll taken this month by YouGov/Best for Britain , 31 percent of respondent said they would prefer to leave the European Union without a deal , compared with 36 percent who would choose a second referendum and 16 percent who did not know what to do .
 Among member of the Conservative party , the proportion preferring a no-deal exit rise to more than half , according to a December poll .
 “ This is a culture war issue , ” Mr. Travers said . “ It ’ s a very , very awkward position to be in , because you have to go against your constituent in order to protect them — even though they say they want no deal . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Ted Loos
 WASHINGTON — Imagine a business-minded artist on deadline , working in a studio with an army of assistant to produce huge work .
 He ’ s savvy about publicity and about development in technology that make it easier for him to get his image out into the world . He ’ ll agree to an impossible deadline on a project to make sure a rival doesn ’ t get it first .
 If that sound like a superstar artist of today , maybe so . But it also describes Jacopo Tintoretto , the Venetian painter born 500 year ago who stormed the Western world with his emotionally resonant religious scene , mythological canvas and revealing portrait .
 Tintoretto ( 1518-94 ) came in the last wave of the Italian Renaissance . A bit overshadowed in art history by Titian , the supremely talented local elder , Tintoretto is famous but may not register a clearly a other painter of the age .
 An exhibition here at the National Gallery of Art opening March 24 , “ Tintoretto : Artist of Renaissance Venice , ” aim to clarify and deepen knowledge of his work with 46 painting and 10 drawing .
 It will be on view until July 7 alongside two related show through June 9 , “ Drawing in Tintoretto ’ s Venice ” and “ Venetian Prints in the Time of Tintoretto . ”
 Tintoretto wa a master of commanding attention in his day . In many of his work , figure in a crowd are in motion — pointing , falling , reaching — a some momentous occurrence unfolds , and they often have an awe-struck look that mirror the viewer ’ s .
 In the day when a static image had to give people the same frisson a an action movie or “ The Real Housewives , ” “ he wa able to turn up the drama , ” said Frederick Ilchman , the chairman of European art at the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston , who organized the show with Robert Echols , an independent scholar .
 “ What he doe better than anyone are these energetic religious painting that make you feel some miracle is actually happening , ” said Mr. Ilchman , whose doctorate is in the painter ’ s work .
 One example in the show is “ Saint George and the Dragon ” ( about 1555 ) , which is at once bloody — with a murderous dragon fit for “ Game of Thrones ” and the beast ’ s victim splayed on the ground — but also suffused with holy , hopeful light streaming in from above .
 The exhibition is the first full-scale Tintoretto retrospective in the United States — many of the artwork have not traveled here before . A version of it wa previously on view at the Palazzo Ducale in Venice .
 Last month , the museum ’ s staff wa scrambling to make up time lost in the 35-day government shutdown , during which the museum wa closed and preparation stopped ( the opening date wa delayed two week ) . The National Gallery ’ s director of exhibition , D. Dodge Thompson , called it a terrible situation .
 Some of the work are enormous — the two biggest , “ The Madonna of the Treasurers ” ( 1567 ) and “ Paradiso ( modello ) ” ( 1583 ) measure more than 16 foot long — and some were originally created for specific architectural space . So baffle , or partial wall , had to be built to hold them .
 Priceless loan in limbo made lender nervous . “ People want to know where their work are , ” Mr. Thompson said .
 The very idea of old master may seem distant to some , but the National Gallery , which ha a strong collection of them , including six painting by Tintoretto , fight that perception .
 “ I believe they have profound relevance for today , ” said Kaywin Feldman , the new director of the museum . “ This show is right in the National Gallery ’ s wheelhouse . ”
 In addition to what she called Tintoretto ’ s virtuosic use of paint and storytelling ability , she cited the enduring power that physical artwork from long ago can bring to our digital age .
 “ People really care about seeing original work of art now , ” said Ms. Feldman , until recently the director of the Minneapolis Institute of Art . “ The No . 1 comment I get is : ‘ I can ’ t believe this is the original , and I can walk right up to it . ’ ”
 Mr. Ilchman said he believed that the context of Tintoretto ’ s commercial hustle helped drive home that sense of immediacy .
 “ At the time , Venice wa the most populist city in Europe , ” he said of Tintoretto ’ s 16th-century milieu . “ It wa a hive of commerce and capitalism . It wasn ’ t for nothing that Shakespeare set ‘ The Merchant of Venice ’ there . ”
 “ Tintoretto grew up in this atmosphere , and there wa a sense of having to market yourself , ” Mr. Ilchman added . “ He would give away free painting to increase his market share . The way Picasso and Jeff Koons marketed themselves ? That started with Tintoretto . ”
 The artist worked quickly , earning him the nickname “ Il Furioso ” — his second nickname , actually , given that Tintoretto mean “ little dyer . ”
 Five century later , the painter ’ s origin are clear in outline , but not in every detail . Born Jacopo Robusti — a surname his family acquired for their robust defense of Padua against an invading army — his father wa a silk-dyer at a time when Venice specialized in luxury good .
 It ’ s not clear how much education Tintoretto had , or how much apprenticeship he did , but by age 20 he wa a painter with his own workshop .
 Mr. Ilchman and Mr. Echols argue that Tintoretto ’ s “ Self-Portrait ” ( 1546/1548 ) — painted barely a decade later — wa already a breakthrough in Western art for it assertiveness , directness and the bold handling of the paint . Tintoretto look directly at the viewer from a dark , shadowy background .
 He meant business , and a he evolved his practice , his studio acquired many assistant so that it could produce a lot of picture — a factor that pose something of a problem for scholar .
 “ There wa a dilution of quality , and he also had a lot mediocre impostor , ” Mr. Ilchman said . “ That meant until recently , there wa a lot of confusion about his oeuvre . We have been working on refining his output . ”
 Straightening out the Tintorettos from the school-of picture wa part of the curatorial task , and so wa a deep dive into the material of the day and how they were changing .
 Nearly everything Tintoretto made wa on canvas — common now , but quite a new development then . He wa in the second generation of canvas painter ; previously , tempera on panel wa the standard , and normally the painter made the work in the place where it would eventually reside .
 “ It gave artistic freedom to be able to work in one place and ship to another , and Tintoretto pick up on this , ” Mr. Ilchman said .
 It allowed Tintoretto to stay put in Venice most of the time , one of the many reason his work will always be linked to the city .
 Mr. Ilchman is the chairman of Save Venice , the organization devoted to preserving the city ’ s art and architecture , and the group got directly involved in making the exhibition happen .
 “ We wanted to make sure that something monumental wa done for Tintoretto , ” said Melissa Conn , Save Venice ’ s longtime director . “ He ’ s one of our big three artist : Titian , Tintoretto , Veronese . And a the one actually born here , he ’ s the true native son . ”
 Save Venice donated more than $ 1 million to the conservation of 26 painting , funding a curatorial assistant and publishing a guide to Tintoretto ’ s local work .
 Ms. Conn may have a civic and local focus to her work , but her take on Tintoretto ’ s painting is shared by Mr. Ilchman .
 “ These object belong to the world , ” Ms. Conn said , “ not just Venetians . ”



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Let u help you start your day .
 By Melina Delkic
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning .
 A dispute over the Mueller report , how Rupert Murdoch ’ s empire of influence remade the world , and a class divide at the University of Southern California . Here ’ s the latest :
 Some of the special counsel ’ s investigator told associate that the attorney general had failed to adequately portray the finding of their inquiry , and that they were more troubling for President Trump than he indicated , according to government official and others familiar with the matter .
 The investigator had already written multiple summary of the nearly 400-page report , and some team member believe that the attorney general , William Barr , should have included more of their material in the four-page letter he wrote on March 24 laying out their main conclusion . Mr. Barr only briefly cited the special counsel ’ s work in his letter .
 The official declined to flesh out why some of the special counsel ’ s investigator viewed their finding a potentially more damaging for the president than Mr. Barr explained .
 Bigger picture : At stake in the dispute is who shape the public ’ s initial understanding of one of the most consequential government investigation in American history .
 The global medium empire of Rupert Murdoch ha helped destabilize democracy in North America , Australia and Europe , a Times investigation found .
 Our reporter examined how Mr. Murdoch ’ s medium outlet , which include Fox News , have promoted right-wing politics and stoked reactionary populism in recent year . While the empire did not cause the global wave of right-wing populism , it enabled it , promoted it and profited from it .
 If you don ’ t have time to read The Times Magazine ’ s full , three-part investigation , read our takeaway .
 Scope : Mr. Murdoch ’ s outlet have pushed for Britain ’ s withdrawal from the E.U. , the repeal of a carbon tax in Australia and the overthrow of an Australian prime minister .
 A harsh new criminal law in Brunei — one that includes death by stoning for sex between men or adultery , and amputation of limb for theft — is now in effect , despite an international outcry from other country , right group , celebrity and student .
 Brunei , a tiny monarchy on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia , based the law on the most extreme interpretation of Shariah , an Islamic legal code drawn from the Quran and other writing .
 The reaction : Los Angeles official and celebrity like George Clooney and Ellen DeGeneres have called for a boycott of nine hotel owned by the Sultan of Brunei — three in Britain and two each in France , Italy and the U.S .
 An American college admission scandal offered a window into the inequity of the application process . But what about the campus themselves ?
 Students at the University of Southern California , which figure prominently in the indictment in the scheme , described a vivid divide between rich and poor at their school , where student said they often worried they were being judged by their peer .
 “ I have met these rich kid who have so much that I can ’ t comprehend , doing thing that I can ’ t fathom , ” one sophomore said .
 Details : Wealth on campus , for some , come in the form of spring break in Bali , resort-style apartment building and regular group dinner out where tab stretch into four digit . But it also bleeds into academic , with wealthier student having the option of private tutoring and access to their parent ’ network when looking for job and internship .
 Britain : Despite their antagonistic history , Prime Minister Theresa May and the opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn came together on Wednesday to find common ground over a Brexit solution . The government appeared guardedly optimistic about the talk , while Mr. Corbyn wa slightly le enthusiastic .
 President Trump : A House committee chairman ha formally requested six year of the president ’ s tax return , likely starting a momentous court fight .
 Malaysia : The trial of former Prime Minister Najib Razak , which began on Wednesday , is part of one of the biggest corruption case ever to go to court . Some $ 4.5 billion wa diverted from Malaysia ’ s public coffer .
 Turkey : Opponents of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan are vowing to press ahead with an independent audit of Istanbul ’ s book . Mr. Erdogan and his party have run the city since 2002 , and analyst and opponent say they have warped the economy through kickback and crony scheme .
 Egypt : President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is extending his iron grip to a new corner of society : the country ’ s cherished soap opera .
 Philippines : A small-business owner on an island in the Philippines ha become a local hero for pushing back against the growing number of international traveler who introduce themselves a “ influencers ” a a way to get free food , drink and lodging .
 Great Barrier Reef : Scientists thought the Great Barrier Reef , one of the earth ’ s most precious habitat , wa “ too big to fail. ” A new study find that climate change is testing it resilience .
 Carlos Ghosn : The former Nissan chief wa arrested in Japan for a fourth time on Thursday on suspicion of using company fund for his personal end .
 Tesla : The electric-car maker reported a 31 percent drop in delivery for the first quarter .
 ‘ Game of Thrones ’ : If you ’ re a fan of the HBO hit , whose final season premiere on April 14 , you may want to check out a 110,000-square-foot interactive exhibition opening in Northern Ireland . It will feature the show ’ s set , costume , weapon and other prop .
 Soccer : Tottenham Hotspur opened it billion-dollar stadium in London . It boast the biggest single-tier stand in England , capable of holding 17,500 fan , a well a a retractable field and even it own on-site sommelier .
 Tips for a more fulfilling life .
 Recipe of the day : This quick pressure-cooker chipotle chicken pozole taste a if it ha simmered for a long time .
 Asking child what they want to be when they grow up encourages them to define themselves in term of work . Here ’ s what to ask them instead .
 The right sport bra might change the way you work out . Here ’ s how to find one that actually fit .
 The North Atlantic Treaty Organization officially turn 70 today .
 Having lunch in the cafeteria at NATO ’ s headquarters in Brussels is like attending a costume party , given the varied uniform of the 29 member . A 30th nation , North Macedonia , is to join soon .
 The appeal is a mutual defense pact that ha a rejuvenated purpose : to keep Russia contained and Germany defended .
 Tensions that had seemed to diminish with the fall of the Soviet Union are back , thanks to the 2008 Georgian war , the 2014 Russian annexation of Crimea and warfare in eastern Ukraine , and Russian meddling in Montenegro , Greece and other country in Central Europe .
 President Trump ha disparaged NATO ’ s new headquarters a too expensive . But for this frequent visitor , it wa a needed replacement for the ramshackle old structure . I once nearly lost my foot going through a rotten floor that wa thrown together when Charles de Gaulle threw NATO out of France in 1966 .
 But even France ha come back to full membership , 10 year ago now .
 Steven Erlanger , the chief diplomatic correspondent in Europe for The Times , wrote today ’ s Back Story .
 Your Morning Briefing is published weekday morning .
 Check out this page to find a Morning Briefing for your region . ( In addition to our European edition , we have Australian , Asian and U.S . edition . )
 Sign up here to receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknight , and here ’ s our full range of free newsletter .
 What would you like to see here ? Contact u at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 Melina Delkic is a senior staff editor . @ MelinaDelkic
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Holly Williams
 LONDON — When Anne Washburn started her Trump play , she didn ’ t think it would ever see the light . After a frustrating day spent reading the news online , she would begin to write . “ It wa enjoyable to feel I had some measure of control over the situation , ” Ms. Washburn said . “ It ’ s the helplessness that make people crazy . ”
 The result wa “ Shipwreck , ” subtitled “ A History Play about 2017. ” It begin performance Feb. 11 at the Almeida Theater here before a likely , but a yet unannounced , run in the United States .
 “ Shipwreck ” is set in the immediate aftermath of the former F.B.I . director James B. Comey ’ s congressional testimony , when a group of white liberal friend gather in an old farmhouse in upstate New York ; a snow fall and supply run short , their conversation endlessly circle and jab at the Trump administration , and eventually each other .
 But the house is also haunted , theatrically , by the people who lived there before — a farmer , his adopted black son — lending a long-view perspective that act a a counterpoint to the chatter of the New Yorkers . Oh , and Donald J. Trump himself even put in an appearance .
 “ He kind of appears . He appears in a way . It would be so lonely without him , ” Ms. Washburn said with a degree of mischief when we met at the Almeida . She wa keen not to reveal too much .
 Ms. Washburn wa in town for rehearsal with Rupert Goold , the show ’ s director who also run the Almeida . It ’ s a busy time for the American playwright in London : Her adaptation of “ The Twilight Zone , ” seen at the Almeida last year , is about to transfer to the West End beginning March 4 .
 Critical reaction to her work here have always been rather mixed : “ Twilight Zone ” wa met with varying degree of warmth , while Robert Icke ’ s 2014 Almeida production of “ Mr . Burns , a Post-Electric Play , ” Ms. Washburn ’ s breakout , produced one of the sharpest divide among critic in the last decade .
 Still , this post-apocalyptic comedy — in which the Cape Feare episode of “ The Simpsons ” transforms over generation into the nurturing stuff of myth — won ardent fan among young audience , playwright and blogger .
 “ Almost all the critic hated [ “ Mr . Burns ” ] , which in the States would have destroyed it , in a way that it didn ’ t seem to here , ” Ms. Washburn observed . ( The play ’ s American supporter include critic for The New York Times , who named it one of the best 25 American play of the last 25 year . ) “ Here people were quite invested in hating it , or championing it — it kept going in a way , which is ideal from a playwright ’ s point of view . In the States , people wouldn ’ t even have bothered to hate it . ”
 That ferment — and the Almeida ’ s continued belief in her writing — ha made Ms. Washburn a significant figure on the British theatrical landscape . Add to that the box office appeal of a title like “ The Twilight Zone ” and Ms. Washburn can sail into the West End ; by contrast , she hasn ’ t had work on Broadway .
 Still , she never expected “ Shipwreck ” to open here . “ It ’ s a very American play , ” Ms. Washburn conceded , and she ’ s had to tweak the script a little for British audience . But she ’ s found it resonates in a country going through it own political upheaval .
 “ It ’ s not like it ’ s a covert Brexit play , obviously , but it touch on thing , ” she said . A few line about inaction in the face of looming disaster , although written about the United States , were added in London following Ms. Washburn ’ s “ endless discussion with agonized British people . ”
 She began “ Shipwreck ” on a silent writing retreat in June 2017 . “ I wanted to see what it would be like to write about the current time , because that wa all I wa thinking or talking about , ” she said . And it wa important to her to try to understand Trump supporter , too . “ Writing the play came from having a very liberal experience but it also came from going online and seeking other viewpoint , visiting website that I don ’ t normally hang out at . ”
 Whether art can , or should , tackle contemporary politics is among the issue chewed over by the “ Shipwreck ” character . Their discussion of the controversial depiction of President Trump in the 2017 Shakespeare in the Park production of “ Julius Caesar ” is a proxy for Ms. Washburn ’ s own wrestling with the dilemma .
 “ Whether art ha a responsibility to be contemporaneous , whether it can be contemporaneous , is a huge question , ” Ms. Washburn said . “ I feel like the idea of an immediate political theater is very enticing and yet often disappointing . It ’ s a hard nut to crack and yet we still want to go at it . ”
 By the time “ Shipwreck ” wa finished last April , she said , it wa too late for 2019 programming in the United States . British theater , however , are a little more nimble . And although she had only showed the script to a few friend , Mr. Goold had got wind , and asked if he could read it .
 His first reaction wa simply how funny the play wa . “ She doesn ’ t write a dull line , ” Mr. Goold said over the phone . And although he wa surprised at it overtly political nature — not typical of Ms. Washburn ’ s writing — addressing how theater can respond to politics wa certainly appealing .
 Mr. Goold had some concern it would be too American . “ But the inability for metropolitan to come to term with the shamanistic power of populism is a relevant here a it is over there , ” he added .
 Ms. Washburn wa surprised at his interest , but then , she initially didn ’ t think anyone would want her Trump play . “ I thought no one would ever want to spend any more time talking about it than we already do , ” she said . “ But I did want to get into the intricate , really overheated language we were all partaking in . What is it like to put this time on paper ? ”
 Inevitably , then , “ Shipwreck ” is a talky , thinky piece , but Ms. Washburn ’ s skewering of the chattering class is a sparkling a it is spiky . ( Tara Fitzgerald , Selyse Baratheon on “ Game of Thrones , ” is best-known in the cast of British theater regular . ) She ’ s always shown forensic interest in the way we speak and the story we tell , from making up her own language for 2006 ’ s “ The Internationalist ” to tracing the mutation of culture in “ Mr . Burns . ”
 There ’ s also a through-line with “ The Twilight Zone. ” The British theater and opera director Richard Jones had brought her onto that project , having been impressed by the “ audacity ” of “ Mr . Burns. ” He described Ms. Washburn a “ a brainiac ” — but a hilarious one , who is “ very joyful to work with . ”
 Ms. Washburn wa working on it during the 2016 presidential campaign , and found herself wondering : “ What is America doing ? Where did this thing come from ? ”
 “ The Twilight Zone , ” she added , “ felt like the subconscious of America laid bare . ”
 She ha now done the same thing in “ Shipwreck , ” once again reflecting America back at itself — even if it is London audience who will get the first look .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Laurel Graeber
 Our guide to cultural event in New York City for child and teenager happening this weekend and in the week ahead .
 BEE A POLLINATOR at the Queens County Farm Museum ( April 22 , noon-3:30 p.m. ) . Monday is Earth Day , which this museum will celebrate by honoring one of the planet ’ s most industrious benefactor : the honeybee . During talk at the farm ’ s apiary , child can learn how bee not only produce food but also help spread pollen among plant . Of course , human are pollinator , too , and young visitor can get involved by making seed ball : mixture of clay , soil and wildflower seed that can be tossed into barren yard and lot . The afternoon will also include creating beeswax candle , taking a tractor-drawn hayride and feeding the farm ’ s goat . After the festivity , at 3:30 p.m. , the museum will hold a free public ceremony to support another specie , the American chestnut tree . The staff will plant six on the property , helping restore the tree to it native environment.718-347-3276 , queensfarm.org
 EARTH DAY WEEKEND at the New York Botanical Garden ( April 20-22 ) . The fruit of science are on gorgeous display whenever you enter these 250 acre in the Bronx . But when can you observe the inquiry itself ? On these three day , aspiring young researcher ( the recommended age are 12 and older ) can enjoy rare tour of the garden ’ s laboratory , where botanist study plant genome . On Saturday and Sunday , curious visitor can also meet those scientist and learn about their work during four half-hour session , while younger family member can go to the Everett Children ’ s Adventure Garden to investigate Kids Count ! , a project to collect data on leaf , flower and fruit development in native specie . Weekend activity will also include afternoon craft project with recycled material ; a Saturday Parade for the Planet , with gigantic puppet and an enormous globe ; a Sunday performance of “ Toy Toy Toy ! ” by the toy-piano virtuoso Margaret Leng Tan ( she will also play on April 27 and 28 ) ; and Saturday and Monday screening of “ Captain Planet and the Planeteers , ” a 1990s animated superhero television series about ecology . ( A full schedule is on the website . ) 718-817-8700 , nybg.org
 EARTH ROCKS ! at the Brooklyn Children ’ s Museum ( April 19-28 , 10 a.m.-4:45 p.m. ) . You can interpret this festival ’ s title in two way : It offer insight into Earth ’ s mineral and geologic activity . It also celebrates the wonder of our planet , or , a the museum put it , it “ rock star status. ” The daily highlight include Hot Spot , an opportunity to examine volcanic stone and see a rooftop volcano demonstration ; Mineral Magic , an investigation of fluorescent mineral ; and Animal Adventures , interaction with some of the museum ’ s resident creature . Among the other event : on Monday and Tuesday , Kevin and Rich ’ s Recycled Sounds , in which the musician Kevin Nathaniel and Rich Stein play instrument made from raw and reused material ; and on Thursday , Aquaponics With Oko Farms , a demonstration of a symbiotic environment of fish and plant . ( A full schedule is on the website . ) 718-735-4400 , brooklynkids.org
 EASTER AND PASSOVER ACTIVITIES at the Children ’ s Museum of Manhattan ( April 20 , 10 a.m.-7 p.m. ; April 21-25 , 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ) . Dragons are much in the news these day , but those appearing all over this museum from Saturday to Monday will have nothing to do with “ Game of Thrones. ” Rather , they will be image of Alphie , the letter-devouring baby dragon in the permanent installation “ PlayWorks. ” Children will search for egg bearing Alphie ’ s picture a part of the annual Easter Scavenger Hunt , which will include filling in the dragon egg ’ color on a sheet to receive a prize . For more weekend fun , young visitor can make design on wearable bunny ear and weave basket with paper and yarn . Every day through April 27 , they can also sew embroidered matzo cover for Passover and , on Monday through Wednesday , create and decorate clay cup for the prophet Elijah . ( A full schedule is on the website . ) 212-721-1223 , cmom.org
 [ Read about the event that our other critic have chosen for the week ahead . ]
 MOMI GOES GREEN ! at the Museum of the Moving Image ( April 19-28 , 11 a.m.-4 p.m. ) . During New York City ’ s public-school spring recess , this Queens museum will celebrate all thing green : naturally , environmentally and , of course , cinematically . Every day at noon , it will show “ Wallace & Gromit : The Curse of the Were-Rabbit , ” Nick Park and Steve Box ’ s Oscar-winning 2005 stop-motion comedy in which the titular team take on a gigantic bunny that ’ s after the village ’ s vegetable . The museum is also inviting child to make their own recycled-material plant and bug and Wallace- & -Gromit-inspired Claymation creation , a well a to use green-screen technique to film themselves against a backdrop of their choice . This Saturday it will offer additional program : screening of the PBS Kids math-oriented series “ Cyberchase ” and drop-in science and conservation workshop . ( A full schedule is on the website . ) 718-777-6888 , movingimage.us
 ‘ OKKO ’ S INN ’ in select movie theater nationwide ( April 22-23 , 7 p.m. ) . Not all ghost in Japanese cinema are the scary , predatory kind . Those in this animated work by Kitaro Kosaka play with and guide it young heroine , Okko , and if you missed her adventure when they were screened at the New York International Children ’ s Film Festival , this brief release offer another chance to share them . Presented by GKids and Fathom Events — in an English-dubbed version on Monday , and in Japanese with English subtitle on Tuesday — the movie follows Okko to her grandmother ’ s country inn , where she go to live after her parent ’ death in a car accident . There , the resident spirit help Okko adjust to her new home and a changed reality.fathomevents.com
 ‘ SNAP ’ at the New Victory Theater ( April 19 , 2 p.m. ; April 20 , 2 and 7 p.m. ; April 21 , noon and 4 p.m. ; April 24-25 , 2 p.m. ; through April 28 ) . Sometimes object seem to have mind of their own . There ’ s no mistaking their contrariness in this amusing show from South Korea , which combine polished illusion , Chaplinesque comedy and old-fashioned circus art into a 70-minute whirl . A scarf zip through the air , zooming in and out of various container ; a paintbrush reappears in a performer ’ s hand a soon a he put it away ; a closed umbrella stubbornly attache itself to it owner ’ s finger . Performed wordlessly , the act occasionally incorporate magnificent sleight of hand : The Florist ( Chang-min Lee ) appears to make infinite number of glittery card materialize , multiply and dematerialize , while the Alchemist ( Young-min Kim ) seems to produce a metal hoop from sand particle and then dissolve it into the same . Other routine clearly depend on lighting effect and technology , but that didn ’ t faze child at a recent performance . For them , magic wa magic , whether produced by fine-tuned dexterity or digital wizardry.646-223-3010 , newvictory.org
 SUSTAINABLE SPRING BREAK at the New York Hall of Science ( April 22-26 , noon-4 p.m. ) . No , this museum ha not found a miraculous way to extend school vacation . But it and it designer in residence have developed multiple exhibit , activity and demonstration devoted to environmental sustainability . The daily attraction include “ Solar Cat : The Cutest Solar Panel Ever Made , ” a feline-shaped interactive device that power an adjacent energy display ; the Pack , a new problem-solving video game in which young visitor help restore the world ’ s ecological balance ; workshop in which they can design reusable food wrap and a waterway-cleaning tool ; and urban-planning activity focused on climate change . The week will also feature screening of the new PBS environmentally themed web series “ PLUM Landing ” ( Monday ) , visit by the mobile laboratory BioBus ( Tuesday to April 26 ) and a look at Bus Roots ( Wednesday ) , the movement to turn the roof of bus and van into traveling garden . ( A full schedule is on the website . ) 718-699-0005 , nysci.org
 An earlier version of these listing misidentified the day of one of Margaret Leng Tan ’ s performance at the New York Botanical Garden . It is Sunday , April 21 , not Saturday , April 20 .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 The New New WOrld
 The Communist Party want to instill the people with “ core socialist values. ” That mean winnowing out content that extols individualism or hedonism .
 By Li Yuan
 China is waging a war on fun . The latest target : men ’ s earring .
 Chinese censor in recent month have blurred the earlobe of some of China ’ s young male pop star in television and internet appearance , lest their piercings and jewelry set too feminine an example for the country ’ s boy . The ban elicited eye roll and even some joke , but it illustrated the Communist Party ’ s creeping interference in even the smallest detail of Chinese life .
 Men ’ s earring aren ’ t the only objectionable material that China ’ s censor are blurring , covering up or cutting out . Soccer player wear long sleeve to cover their tattoo . Women in costume at a racy video game convention have been told to raise their neckline . Rappers can rhyme only about peace and harmony .
 This sanitizing infuriates Rae Fan , a 22-year-old college student in southern China ’ s Guangxi region . Some of her favorite American and South Korean movie have disappeared from local streaming platform . To make matter worse , her friend appear indifferent to it and won ’ t welcome anything that smack of criticism of the government . Her parent , both civil servant , told her that she would be better off not watching those movie anyway .
 In other word , the censorship is working .
 “ The purpose of this kind of control is to ensure everybody share the mainstream value , ” Ms . Fan said . “ We will be easier to manage . ”
 The Communist Party ’ s effort to instill what it call “ core socialist value ” — patriotism , harmony and civility , among others — is intensifying . Content that celebrates money worship , hedonism or individualism is increasingly removed . Material that wa acceptable only a few year ago no longer pass muster .
 In a few year ’ time , today ’ s youth will have seen le unfiltered content than people even five year older . Without knowing what they don ’ t know , they ’ re likely to be more receptive to party doctrine and easier to govern .
 “ To cultivate a new generation that will shoulder the responsibility of national rejuvenation , we need to resist erosion from indecent culture , ” the official Xinhua News Agency wrote in a 2018 commentary that criticized those it called China ’ s effeminate young male idol . “ More important , we need to nurture outstanding culture . ”
 Like the internet elsewhere , China ’ s online community can truck in crude or inflammatory content . China ’ s toughness may sound appealing to some Americans frustrated by what Facebook , Twitter or YouTube allow .
 But China take that attitude to such an extreme that it risk infantilizing the country ’ s culture . It lack content-rating system — like the American industry group that label movie PG or R , for example — so everything ha to be suitable for a 12-year-old to consume .
 The sex ha been edited out of the local streaming of “ Game of Thrones , ” rendering the plot that are often explained through “ sexposition ” nonsensical . The Chinese film industry put a black dress on Sally Hawkins ’ s nude body when “ The Shape of Water ” hit theater there . It cut the most brutal scene out of the climactic battle between Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hardy in “ The Revenant , ” a well the brief nudity and gay content in “ Green Book . ”
 Censorship isn ’ t new . For a time , the Communist Party ’ s conservative faction conducted a campaign against spiritual pollution . When I wa growing up in China in the 1980s , the Communist Party disliked pop music , flared pant , permed hair , love story and even kissing . The first movie kiss in modern China didn ’ t take place until 1980 .
 Still , Chinese viewer won more freedom of expression here and there over the next four decade . That ’ s why , to some Chinese people of my generation , the new crackdown on entertainment is alarming , even if the target are sometimes lowbrow or coarse .
 Two year ago , broadcaster and streamer began blurring tattoo . A detective show covered blood and body with blur . Last year , male ponytail got the blur treatment . There ’ s so much blurring on the Chinese internet that there ’ s a term for it : “ heavily applied mosaic . ”
 “ If a male entertainer who chose to dye his hair and sport tattoo , earring , a long ponytail … appears on a variety show , what will be left on the screen ? ” asked an entertainment blog named No . 3 Theater Inspector . Two year ago , the blog noted , that entertainer would have been considered normal .
 The entertainment industry ha no choice but to go along . Last year , regulator shut down over 6,000 website and over two million online account and social medium group . When one short video app , Miaopai , wa shut down and then reinstated , the founder promised to shake up the app by adhering to core socialist value and creating positive content , according to an internal letter that wa published in Chinese medium .
 The stark loss of edge of China ’ s first hip-hop show , “ The Rap of China , ” offer another cautionary tale . It wa by no mean critical of society or current affair . Still , rapper dissed one another and argued with the judge in it first season in 2017 , giving Chinese viewer a glimpse of the swagger and rebelliousness of hip-hop .
 Then came the crackdown . A co-champion of the show , Wang Hao , who rap under the name PG One , apologized last year after accusation from the state medium and the Communist Party Youth League that lyric in one of his older track encouraged drug use . When entertainment blog accused him of having a relationship with a married actress , streaming service pulled his music .
 When the second season of “ The Rap of China ” aired , the tone of the show changed . The contestant rapped about love , dream and family . IQiyi , the video platform that produced the show , changed the name to “ China ’ s New Rap , ” explaining that the new name nodded to a new era for China .
 To Lippi Zhao , an engineer and a fan of hip-hop music in the city of Xi ’ an , the second season wa both lame and ironic . Both finalist that season were Uighurs , a predominantly Muslim ethnic group living in the Chinese region of Xinjiang . The authority there have forced a many a one million Muslims , most of them Uighurs , into detention camp . “ The Rap of China ” didn ’ t touch the subject .
 “ They had to know what their own people were going through , ” Mr. Zhao said . “ But they had to do everything to avoid the elephant in the room while competing in the show . ”
 Chinese viewer seemed to miss the energy of the first season . On Douban , China ’ s most authoritative website for entertainment rating , viewer began giving the show lower score . IQiyi declined to comment .
 Artists are self-censoring to protect themselves . Mr. Zhao , the engineer , said some underground rapper he followed had pulled some of their potentially controversial track from streaming platform for fear that they would be barred from performing live .
 He alerted me this month that “ Underground 8 Miles , ” one of China ’ s most famous hip-hop contest , had been canceled . The spokesman for the contest apologized to over 3,000 participant in a video and explained that the authority believed that some of it content would have a negative impact on young people .
 The retreat in freedom of expression in entertainment and culture sphere is shocking to many Chinese from previous generation . Liang Wendao , a writer in Hong Kong , wrote in an article that he had never imagined that Chinese people in the modern era would still confront the gap in culture and art that they faced decade ago .
 “ When faced with all of these , ” he wrote , “ we can only sigh in despair . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Brooks Barnes and John Koblin
 BURBANK , Calif. — The Walt Disney Company ha been talking about plan to start a Netflix-style streaming service for two year . On Thursday came the big reveal .
 D-Day , a some in Hollywood called it .
 In a lavish presentation on the Disney lot , Robert A. Iger , Disney ’ s chief executive , offered long-awaited detail about his counterattack on the tech giant that have moved into the entertainment business . The linchpin is Disney Plus , a new subscription video service dedicated to movie and show from Disney , Pixar , the “ Star Wars ” franchise , National Geographic and Marvel .
 Disney Plus will cost $ 7 a month and arrive on Nov. 12 . ( Netflix ’ s cheapest plan is $ 9 , and it standard plan is $ 13 . ) Disney said it intended to roll out the streaming service in Europe and Asia starting next year . It expects subscriber to total 60 million to 90 million by 2024 .
 “ We are all-in , ” Mr. Iger said .
 In it first year , Disney Plus will offer 10 original film and 25 original series , including three “ Avengers ” spinoffs . Disney announced that all 30 season of “ The Simpsons ” would be available on Day One , along with nearly all the “ Star Wars ” movie , the entire Pixar library and family-focused movie and show from it Fox library like “ The Sound of Music ” and “ Malcolm in the Middle . ”
 To market Disney Plus , the company vowed to use the full reach of it empire a it ha never done before , starting with a “ Star Wars ” fan convention in Chicago this weekend . Disney will also mobilize it cruise line , global theme park , retail store , hotel and television network , including ESPN and ABC .
 The presentation , inside Soundstage 2 , home to the original “ Mickey Mouse Club , ” began with a 14-minute sizzle reel highlighting Disney ’ s vast library , which now includes Fox movie like “ Titanic , ” “ Avatar ” and “ Alien. ” Mr. Iger called the library “ a treasure trove of long-lasting , valuable content ” that “ no other content or technology company can rival . ”
 Mr. Iger added , “ It wa important to remind you that we ’ re starting from a position of strength , confidence and unbridled optimism . ”
 The moment amounted to a turning point in the streaming war . For the first time , a traditional medium company demonstrated the firepower needed to compete with Silicon Valley in the fast-growing realm of online video .
 Disney ’ s plan could have failed to impress , along the line of what happened to Apple last month when it staged a similar event focused on it streaming ambition . Apple trotted out celebrity but offered few specific — nothing on pricing , no launch date , barely any footage .
 Disney ha a mixed track record with technology , struggling to find a winning strategy with video game and failing to capitalize on tech-related acquisition like Maker , a YouTube-based video supplier .
 Unlike Apple , Disney unveiled footage from original show and film that are headed to Disney Plus . One live-action series is called “ The Mandalorian. ” Set in the “ Star Wars ” universe and created by Jon Favreau , the show cost an estimated $ 100 million for 10 episode , on a par with earlier season of HBO ’ s extravagant “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Disney also demonstrated the Disney Plus app . The simple user interface , with movie and television tile arranged against a dark background , will look familiar to any Netflix , Amazon or Hulu user . There will be “ recommended for you ” row of suggested show and movie , a well a the option to “ continue watching ” program .
 There will be tile dedicated to the Disney brand , including Pixar , ‘ Star Wars ’ and National Geographic . Each time a user hovers over a brand tile , an animated image is set off — firework blasting behind the Magic Kingdom for the Disney tile or a comic book flip for Marvel .
 Users can make a personalized avatar using character from Disney ’ s intellectual property , including Buzz Lightyear and Moana .
 While the three-and-a-half-hour presentation ’ s target audience wa Wall Street — analyst were invited to attend — the presentation wa also aimed at potential Disney Plus subscriber . Disney also discussed it broader streaming business , which includes Hulu , ESPN Plus and Hotstar , which ha 300 million monthly active user in India .
 Disney will “ likely ” bundle it disparate service at a discounted price , according to Kevin Mayer , chairman of the company ’ s Direct-to-Consumer and International division . Mr. Mayer said that Disney wa “ actively evaluating ” international strategy for Hulu , which currently operates exclusively in the United States . ( Unlike Netflix . )
 Will Disney greatly expand Hulu ’ s budget ? Randy Freer , the chief executive of Hulu , said it planned to expand original program but did not say by how much .
 With Disney ’ s acquisition of much of 21st Century Fox , it now owns 60 percent of Hulu , giving the service a majority owner for the first time in it history . ( The other company with ownership stake include Comcast , at 30 percent , and AT & T ’ s Warner Media . ) Hulu now ha 25 million subscriber . Disney said it expected Hulu ’ s subscriber number to reach 40 million to 60 million in five year , and to be profitable by 2023 or 2024 .
 Most analyst have sky-high expectation for Disney Plus , which the company style a Disney+ .
 “ Our confidence in the resilient success of Disney+ come from the company ’ s unmatched brand recognition , extensive premium content and unparalleled ecosystem to market the service , ” Alexia Quadrani , an analyst at J.P. Morgan , wrote in a recent report . Bank of Montreal and Cowen and Company both upgraded Disney ’ s stock ahead of Thursday ’ s presentation .
 Mr. Iger ha spent year laying the groundwork for Disney Plus . In 2015 , a Netflix grew at a blistering rate , Disney began experimenting overseas with an app called DisneyLife . Rolled out in Britain , DisneyLife offered old movie and television series , child ’ s e-books , game and music . Without new movie , or at least exclusive content , interest wa limited .
 In 2016 Mr. Iger started talking more openly about needing to develop a streaming business — a risky proposition for a company with vast traditional television holding . Disney paid $ 1 billion for a 33 percent stake in BamTech , a streaming service company , eventually paying $ 1.58 billion more for majority control .
 Mr. Iger announced in summer 2017 that Disney would introduce it own Netflix-style service and stop selling movie rerun right to Netflix , forgoing hundred of million of dollar in revenue . In 2018 came Disney ’ s $ 71.3 billion purchase of 21st Century Fox asset , including National Geographic and the Fox movie studio . Mr. Iger positioned the acquisition a supercharging Disney ’ s move into streaming .
 Michael Nathanson , a medium analyst at MoffettNathanson , estimated in a report on Tuesday that Disney Plus could lose a much a $ 1.8 billion annually through 2023 , with programming a one major expense . Add in loss from Hulu and ESPN Plus and Mr. Nathanson expects Disney ’ s streaming division to lose roughly $ 3.8 billion this year and next .
 At least nine new movie are in production or advanced development for Disney Plus , with budget ranging from $ 20 million to $ 60 million . Disney is remaking two musical from it animation library a live-action film : “ Lady and the Tramp ” ( 1955 ) and “ The Sword in the Stone ” ( 1963 ) . Other new movie include “ Togo , ” a period adventure about a sled dog ; “ Noelle , ” starring Anna Kendrick a Santa ’ s daughter ; and an animated “ Phineas and Ferb ” movie .
 Marvel Studios is working on three Disney Plus show . One will focus on Loki from the “ Avengers ” movie , with Tom Hiddleston reprising the role . Another “ Avengers ” star , Elizabeth Olsen , will reprise her Scarlet Witch character in a second series . A third show will be associated with “ Captain America : The Winter Soldier , ” with Anthony Mackie returning a the Falcon .
 Also in the work are episodic spinoffs of Disney franchise like “ High School Musical ” and “ Monsters , Inc. ” Additionally , Disney is working on 10 unscripted show , including a Disney-themed cooking competition , “ Be Our Chef , ” and a series called “ Encore ! ” that reunites the cast of high school musical long after graduation and asks them to recreate their performance .
 Roughly 500 film from Disney ’ s library , including new movie like “ Captain Marvel , ” and 7,500 episode of old Disney-branded television show like “ Hannah Montana ” will anchor Disney Plus .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Understanding The Times
 Rebecca Corbett and Dean Murphy , who lead our investigation team , answer question about how they decide which project to pursue , where they get tip and whether their job are a thrilling a the movie make them out to be .
 Interview by Katie Van Syckle
 In an effort to shed more light on how we work , The Times is running a series of post explaining some of our journalistic practice . Read more from this series here .
 The biggest investigation at The New York Times frequently land a a surprise , even for those working in the newsroom .
 And that is by design : The investigation team intentionally keep it work quiet — which mean that when it publishes something , it often generates a much buzz a a new “ Game of Thrones ” trailer .
 Investigations offer valuable revelation . They connect the dot that those in power generally do not want to be connected and , in the process , they hold those in power to account .
 Dean Baquet , the executive editor of The Times , recently committed to expanding the newspaper ’ s investigative muscle , and reporter with these skill work throughout the paper . But there is also a department devoted explicitly to investigation . This team take on both in-depth project and quicker investigation in response to breaking news .
 Rebecca Corbett , an assistant managing editor , and Dean Murphy , an associate masthead editor , lead the investigation team in New York . Ms. Corbett edited the Pulitzer Prize-winning article that exposed decade of sexual misconduct by Harvey Weinstein and helped to inspire the # MeToo movement . Mr. Murphy previously oversaw a team that examined regulatory rollback , including those at the Environmental Protection Agency , and wa an editor on our Pulitzer-prize winning coverage of both Apple 's manufacturing practice and corruption at high level of the Chinese government .
 How do editor decide where to focus investigative effort ? What specific skill do Times investigative reporter have ? How much is it like the movie ? Below , a lightly edited and condensed conversation with Ms. Corbett and Mr. Murphy .
 How doe The Times define investigative journalism ?
 REBECCA CORBETT : Broadly , an investigative story is discovering thing that are not known and that have real impact and are questionable in some way — legally , ethically — in term of whether people are violating the public trust .
 DEAN MURPHY : Ideally , you want to have thing that perhaps indicate fraudulent behavior or unethical behavior , but it doesn ’ t always have to be that . You could just be pointing out thing that someone doesn ’ t want you to know and it is in the public interest to know .
 How do these story fit into the offering of the daily newspaper ? What do the investigation add to the daily coverage ?
 MURPHY : Sometimes the daily story are the thing that help generate the lead that you want to figure out , and the investigative target . Sometimes they are totally unrelated . Reporters have tip ; we have a tip line where we get idea from . Reporters also have their beat from previous life .
 CORBETT : I ’ ll amplify that by saying investigation should be short term , midterm and long term . Not everything should be an 18-month project . And investigative reporter here write daily story . A lot depends on what the opportunity are , and what they can bring to it .
 MURPHY : Just in the past year , the resignation of Scott Pruitt a the head of the E.P.A . is another example where you had cross-departmental role — where Washington wa involved in that ; the Climate desk ; the regulatory team I wa running . And they were all doing different piece of it . In the end , they played a major role in Scott Pruitt stepping down , in part because of the multipronged revelation . It wa the daily heat of the newspaper a an institution peppering his transgression .
 CORBETT : I think a a newspaper the investigative people are jumping in more on story that are breaking , and trying to advance story , a opposed to working in this very solo way on a project that they are pursuing independently . We are still doing plenty of those , but I think we really are trying also to have more quick-twitch muscle .
 What can investigative reporter bring to a project ? What skill and tool do they have that they can jump in and add ?
 CORBETT : Most of them are really good at document : what to pursue , how to interpret them and how to build a case through them . Some people are extraordinarily good at being extraordinarily tenacious . Many reporter are capable of doing that , but we hope that those on our investigative team are particularly skilled at that .
 MURPHY : They are so persistent . That trait , you can ’ t really train someone to have that . It is almost innate . I find that really impressive . And it can ’ t be that alone . It ha to be that combined with the skill set to know what you ’ re looking for and to figure out people who can help you get that .
 How ha the confidential reader tip line worked in this process ? Has it been helpful ?
 CORBETT : Incredibly helpful . We get tip every single day . We have a whole process in how we collect them and the mean by which people can communicate with u both very openly and in an anonymous way . Among the three of u — the two editor and the researcher who is responsible for reading them every day — at a certain point we sit down and I ’ ll say , “ Remind me of the one that we need to deal with. ” Some of them have led to immediate story . We get thing related to the Trump administration all the time . We get tip every day related to harassment . But we get them on a very , very broad range of thing .
 MURPHY : The tip line end up being something that feed the whole newsroom .
 How do you decide which investigative project to pursue ?
 CORBETT : That is the part that keep you lying awake at night . In a perfect world , you ’ d look at something that ha the potential to be a really powerful story with big impact that affect people , ha policy implication or real-world effect . But a lot of time you can ’ t quite tell that at the beginning .
 MURPHY : I always ask a reporter , when they come up with an idea , to take it immediately to the end . What is going to be the takeaway if it go exactly a you think it can go and you find everything you are hoping to find ? What is the premium outcome ? If the premium outcome is like , “ Oh my gosh , I ’ m falling off my chair , ” then you start calculating the likelihood you are going to get there , what kind of resource you are going to need and do we have the necessary people ? There is a lot of intellectual gamesmanship , but that is part of the fun — figuring out what target are worth going after and being willing to fail .
 CORBETT : These reporter are valued commodity whom we want to use in the most optimal way , but there is a lot of not quite knowing . Particularly in the Trump presidency , there are so many thing to pursue and you just can ’ t tell on a given day where anything will lead , so there is a lot of chasing down thing that don ’ t materialize .
 The standard to be able to conclude something definitively — like , say , “ President Trump participated in dubious tax scheme ” — is really high . As an editor , what do you need to feel confident publishing that ?
 CORBETT : Stories in my view have to be persuasive . Persuasive meaning you can make a case for whatever your thesis is . And your thesis ha to be buttressed with all manner of thing . It can be document ; it can be interview ; it can be the person ’ s own statement . Typically it is a combination of many thing . There is no one handbook on what make an investigative story .
 How is this different from the way investigative journalism is portrayed in movie like “ Spotlight ” ?
 CORBETT : I think “ Spotlight ” is actually a pretty good rendering of investigative journalism , because it wasn ’ t glamorous . It wa people going through all these document and paper and trudging along .
 MURPHY : The accurate part , too , is that it is a 24/7 commitment . I think that come across in the movie . People are living and breathing it .
 Where doe the thrill come from that is captured in the movie ?
 CORBETT : Well , for most journalist , the thrilling part is the discovery .
 MURPHY : I think the thrill is the same across the profession . I think a big part of it is the creation part . If you find A and B and are able to make C from it , you are basically creating a C that didn ’ t exist before . And it is hopefully in an area that make a difference or ha some sort of impact or is relevant to people ’ s life .
 CORBETT : In a lot of journalism it is clear what the big , important thing are . But with investigative journalism , you have perhaps a greater opportunity for novelty , for finding new information , for telling a new story , because it take such a commitment and you are going so deep into something that typically not every other news organization is doing that same thing . There is something very thrilling about understanding : “ Ah , this is how this work , and this is what the consequence of this are. ” And we get to show that .
 To share a tip with The Times , visit nytimes.com/tips .
 Follow the @ ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspective and experience and for insight into how we work .
 A note to reader who are not subscriber : This article from the Reader Center doe not count toward your monthly free article limit .
 Katie Van Syckle is a senior staff editor at The Times . @ KatieVanSyckle
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We ’ re covering a shift in how manufacturer think about China , a rise in anti-Semitism and a policy change in the Mormon Church .
 Whatever deal Washington and Beijing reach on trade , global company have already started shifting their supply chain from China , just a some Trump administration official had wanted .
 Despite President Trump ’ s promise to bring job back to the U.S. , most of the work is moving to country with lower cost . China will remain a vital manufacturing hub , but chief executive say the trade war ha prompted a fundamental reassessment .
 Yesterday : Mr. Trump said that an “ epic ” trade pact could be week away and that he may soon meet with the Chinese president .
 Related : The U.S. economy added 196,000 job in March , suggesting that an unexpectedly weak showing in February wa an anomaly in a record run of hiring . The unemployment rate remained unchanged , at 3.8 percent , the Labor Department reported today .
 For month , the aircraft manufacturer dismissed concern about the anti-stall system on it 737 Max jet , saying pilot could avoid problem by following a checklist .
 But investigator ’ preliminary finding from the Ethiopian Airlines crash last month showed that the pilot could not regain control even after following Boeing ’ s procedure . The report , released Thursday , add to the scrutiny that Boeing and federal regulator are facing after two deadly crash .
 Response : Boeing ’ s chief executive acknowledged on Thursday that the anti-stall software had played a role in the crash . “ It ’ s our responsibility to eliminate this risk , ” Dennis Muilenburg said . “ We own it , and we know how to do it . ”
 What ’ s next : The report , which could change a it ’ s completed , doesn ’ t rule out the potential for pilot error .
 Signaling his intent to put ally on a traditionally independent body , Mr. Trump said on Thursday that he planned to nominate Mr. Cain , a former pizza executive and a 2012 Republican presidential candidate , for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board .
 It ’ s the second time in week that the president ha suggested candidate with deeply held political view for a Fed seat . Last month , Mr. Trump said he planned to nominate Stephen Moore , a conservative economist who advised his campaign and ha , like the president , become a vocal critic of the central bank ’ s rate increase .
 Background : Presidents have long stocked regulatory agency with partisan appointee , but the Fed ’ s seven-member board ha largely been an exception given the role it play in the economy .
 Yesterday : Mr. Trump , ignoring his own history with woman , posted a video on Twitter that mocked Joe Biden . The former vice president , who is still expected to enter the 2020 presidential race , ha been accused by several woman of touching them in way that made them feel uncomfortable . We asked for reader ’ opinion about Mr. Biden ’ s interaction .
 Most casual listener are familiar with hip-hop ’ s 1 percent — Jay-Z , Drake , Cardi B . But Nipsey Hussle , who wa fatally shot in Los Angeles last weekend , wa a member of rap ’ s middle class , who can do well for themselves without reaching mainstream mega-fame .
 Many stay close to home for financial and personal reason , but doing so can make them reachable target . “ Sometimes keeping it real is too much , ” said Wack 100 , a prominent rap manager . “ When you ’ re that accessible , that common , then it becomes easy to get to you . ”
 Catch up : Hussle wa shot in the Crenshaw neighborhood of South Los Angeles , where he grew up , outside a clothing store he owned . On Thursday , prosecutor charged a suspect with his murder .
 Polling suggests that anti-Semitic attitude may be no more widespread than in the past , particularly in Western Europe . But extremist have seemingly become more brazen , a in the torch-lit march pictured above in Charlottesville , Va. , in 2017 .
 That climate is being used for political end by ideology that otherwise barely overlap : the far left , Europe ’ s radical Islamist fringe , and even politician from the Democratic and Republican party .
 Request for Brexit delay : Prime Minister Theresa May asked the European Union today to delay Britain ’ s departure from the bloc for a second time , until June 30 .
 U.S. role in Yemen : The House passed a bipartisan resolution on Thursday demanding an end to military involvement in Saudi Arabia ’ s war in Yemen . The measure , a rebuke to President Trump over his defense of the kingdom after the killing of the dissident Jamal Khashoggi , most likely set up the second veto of Mr. Trump ’ s presidency .
 Mormon Church rescinds policy : The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ha said it will allow child of same-sex couple to be baptized , reversing a 2015 rule banning such ceremony and labeling those in same-sex marriage a apostate .
 The 2020 election : Representative Tim Ryan of Ohio ha announced a presidential bid , bringing the Democratic primary field to 17 . Here ’ s a look at who ’ s running .
 From Opinion : As technology advance , will it continue to blur the line between public and private ? A limited-run newsletter will explore what ’ s at stake . Sign up here .
 Snapshot : Above , the textured silver building at left is the Shed , a $ 475 million art center that open today a part of the Hudson Yards development in Manhattan . Read our guide .
 N.C.A.A . basketball : We preview the woman ’ s Final Four , which start tonight , and the men ’ s , which begin on Saturday .
 News quiz : Did you follow the headline this week ? Test yourself .
 Modern Love : In this week ’ s column , a woman find that purging her possession , and some of her anatomy , reveals what she treasure most .
 Late-night comedy : Stephen Colbert questioned Attorney General William Barr ’ s summary of the special counsel ’ s report : “ That ’ s like tuning in to see the new season of ‘ Game of Thrones , ’ and it ’ s just Barr holding a sign that say , ‘ Dragons did some stuff . The end . ’ ”
 What we ’ re reading : This short story in The New Yorker , recommended by Gillian Wong , our editor specializing in China coverage . She writes : “ Te-Ping Chen , a Wall Street Journal reporter until recently based in Beijing , imago Chinese twin in the internet era whose life take them in vastly different direction . ”
 Cook : End the week with lemon cream cheese cooky .
 Watch : “ Call the Midwife ” ( PBS ) and “ The Chi ” ( Showtime ) are among the best small-screen broadcast this weekend .
 Listen : A staple gun . A dental drill . See how Billie Eilish made a haunted pop hit in our latest Diary of a Song .
 Read : “ The Promise of Elsewhere , ” by Brad Leithauser , is a comic novel in which a depressed American academic end up in Greenland . It ’ s one of nine new book we recommend this week .
 Smarter Living : Want to get rid of your laptop , tablet or cellphone ? If they ’ re too old to reuse , you can send them to a smelter to be reclaimed by “ urban mining ” — the device often contain copper , silver , gold and lithium .
 Also , if you feel like you don ’ t have the time to read , try bite-size book .
 The Times ha been covering the Chinese government ’ s internment of hundred of thousand of Muslims — perhaps over a million — in the western region of Xinjiang . We asked Chris Buckley , one of the reporter involved , to explain the leadership ’ s rationale .
 The cost of internal strife is a major concern to China ’ s leader , who have only to look to the Taiping Rebellion of the 1850s . That internal war , which claimed 20 million or more life , remains one of the world ’ s bloodiest .
 The mass internment in Xinjiang reflect the leadership ’ s view that the religion and culture of Uighurs and other Muslim minority are widely “ infected ” by antigovernment sentiment that could foment unrest and terrorism .
 Uighurs — a Turkic people — have had an uneasy , sometimes violent , relationship with the Chinese Communist authority since 1949 .
 In the 1980s and 1990s , the government allowed more space for the Uighurs ’ language and custom . But policy became increasingly hard-line , especially after ethnic rioting in 2009 that killed at least 200 people . In 2014 , more than 30 people were killed in an attack by Uighurs in southwest China . There were many smaller-scale attack a well .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about the battle to control Rupert Murdoch ’ s medium empire.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : “ Dumbo ” director Burton ( 3 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The Times ha had a Chinese-language website since 2012 and a Spanish-language website since 2016 .
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 New York Today
 By Azi Paybarah
 [ Want to get New York Today by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . ]
 It ’ s Friday .
 Weather : A slight chance of rain in the morning . Showers , thunderstorm and gusty wind at night . Possible moisture on Saturday , and expect it again on Sunday .
 Alternate-side parking : In effect until April 18 ( Holy Thursday ) .
 The Times ’ s Benjamin Weiser report :
 Federal court are hallowed hall of justice , where miscreant with name like Michael Cohen and Paul Manafort , Martha Stewart and Michael Milken are prosecuted and held accountable before the world .
 And then there is the case of Fnu Lnu .
 In one of the quirkier aspect of the legal system , when suspect are charged but their identity remains a mystery , they are often listed in court record a “ Fnu Lnu , ” shorthand for “ First name unknown , Last name unknown . ”
 The letter , often pronounced phonetically ( “ Fuhnoo Luhnoo ” ) , may refer to a person caught up in an immigration sweep or overheard on a wiretap . At any given time , there may be hundred of Fnu Lnus in the court .
 But the acronym can spark confusion when mistaken for a genuine name . In the 1990s , a Newport News , Va. , newspaper article listed “ Fnu Lnu ” a if that were an actual defendant charged in a drug and murder case . The resulting correction ended up being seen by the playwright Mac Wellman , who wrote a play called “ Fnu Lnu ” that wa produced in 1997 by Soho Rep in an Off Broadway theater .
 In Manhattan , a bedeviling Fnu Lnu case came to a conclusion just a few week ago . A man claiming he wa “ Hernan Sanchez ” wa charged with making a false statement in a passport application , but record suggested he had used at least six identity .
 When the man agreed to plead guilty in January , the prosecutor , Ryan Finkel , told Judge Gregory H. Woods that the man ’ s identity wa still uncertain — “ a question mark , ” Mr. Finkel said .
 In March , before the man ’ s sentencing , his federal defender , Julia Gatto , wrote to Judge Woods that her client wa indeed “ Hernan Sanchez . ”
 He had first used a fake name to distance himself from his parent , “ whom he grew up resenting because of their callous abandonment of him , ” Ms. Gatto wrote . She conceded that he had continued to use false identity , including when he applied for a passport .
 “ Mr . Sanchez maintains that he doe not want to lie about who he is anymore , ” Ms. Gatto told the judge , adding that Mr. Sanchez , in his 50 , wa “ ready to live a stable , law-abiding life . ”
 Judge Woods sentenced the man to time served , the roughly six month he had spent in jail and home detention .
 As the hearing ended , Judge Woods thanked the party and added , “ Thank you , Mr. Sanchez . Good luck . ”
 Marijuana testing of job applicant is barred by New York City in a groundbreaking measure .
 Tensions rise a the city step up it response to the measles outbreak .
 A shouting match , nasty personal attack and a growing rift among New York Democrats .
 Failing New York subway ? Not always . Once there were chandelier .
 The Playboy Club in 2019 : show tune and an identity crisis .
 [ Want more news from New York and around the region ? Check out our full coverage . ]
 The mini crossword : Here is today ’ s puzzle .
 What happens when people of color commit hate crime . [ WNYC ]
 A construction worker died after falling from a roof in Brooklyn . [ ABC ]
 Say goodbye to a century-old elm tree on the Upper West Side . [ West Side Rag ]
 A local weatherman said an obscenity on air Thursday morning . [ New York Post ]
 Another “ Game of Thrones ” replica throne will be available for fan of the show inside a Shake Shack on Varick Street . [ amNew York ]
 Friday :
 Day 2 of New York University ’ s “ Black Experience in French Cinema ” kick off with a screening of the cult classic “ La Haine ” at the Michelson Theater in Manhattan . Noon . [ Free ]
 Scholars discus trend in Afro-Latinx study , at the CUNY Graduate Center in Manhattan . 6:30 p.m. [ Free ]
 A clash of the generation at a Gen X vs. millennials dance party at the Bell House in Brooklyn . 10:30 p.m. [ $ 10 ]
 Saturday :
 Dozens of vendor gather at Grand Bazaar N.Y.C . in Manhattan for this year ’ s Food Truck Fest . 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. [ $ 5 ]
 Children can grab a book and read to Tugboat , a therapy dog , at the Webster Library in Manhattan . 10:30 a.m. [ Free ]
 A dance party dedicated to Selena , the queen of Tejano music , at Littlefield in Brooklyn . 11 p.m. [ $ 15 ]
 Sunday :
 A community conversation about fostering queer intergenerational friendship , at the Hudson Park Library in Manhattan . 3 p.m. [ Free ]
 Bring an instrument to join in or just listen to an afternoon of Irish music at Every Thing Goes Book Cafe & Neighborhood Stage on Staten Island . 2 p.m. [ Free ]
 — Iman Stevenson
 Events are subject to change , so double-check before heading out . For more event , see the going-out guide from The Times ’ s culture page .
 Yesterday , a raccoon wa on the tarmac at La Guardia Airport .
 Days earlier , a ( different ? ) raccoon wa inside the library at City College .
 And in the span of two week last month , two goat were captured in the Bronx , a sheep wa found tied to a tree in Brooklyn , a calf wa captured on the Major Deegan Expressway , and a lamb went on the lam on the Gowanus Expressway .
 Welcome to the jungle .
 New Yorkers are accustomed to sharing their metropolis with all manner of animal : the kind that fly , the one that crawl and everything in between . But lately , there seems to be many report of animal in place they shouldn ’ t be .
 Here are just a few of the notable animal tale that have made New York feel more like Zoo York :
 • Late last summer , thousand of bee swarmed Times Square , descending on a hot dog cart ’ s umbrella . They were safely vacuumed up by the Police Department ’ s beekeeper .
 • A seal took up residence in Inwood in August . It spent a lot of time swimming , relaxing and putting up with a barrage of onlooker .
 • Two runaway goat on the subway track in Brooklyn were moved to a rescue center last summer , thanks to the comedian Jon Stewart . ( The subway ’ s Twitter account called them “ very baaaaad boy . ” )
 • The police apprehended a young bull on a soccer field in Prospect Park in 2017 . It ’ s not clear how the animal got there . Crowds gathered along a fence to see the bovine , who appeared uninterested in the attention .
 • In 2003 , a 350-pound Bengal tiger wa found in an apartment in Harlem . A man had been keeping the tiger in secret , but the living situation came to light after he went to the hospital for bite that he said came from a pit bull .
 • A sea lion from Maryland wound up in a creek on Long Island in 1965 . One expert said the 125-pound animal wa one of several thought to have escaped captivity month earlier .
 • An escaped giraffe drowned in Brooklyn in 1960 . It had sailed from Africa aboard a Dutch freighter with other animal and bird .
 • Three monkey escaped “ from the automobile of a doctor attending the World Series game at the Polo Grounds ” in 1951 . One wa captured .
 It ’ s Friday — make time for the nonhumans .
 Dear Diary :
 I wa reading a biography of John Quincy Adams in the lounge at the Center for Fiction in Brooklyn while my wife wa upstairs at her book club . It wa peaceful , silent .
 I noticed a young man at a table a few foot away from me . He wa drawing in a sketchbook . I began to sketch him sketching . By and by , he noticed the familiar look of a sketcher , and he began to sketch me sketching him sketching .
 For a few excellent minute , we sketched each other . I noticed a young woman watching u . She seemed delighted . The silence wa maintained .
 Eventually the young man and I showed each other our sketch and the young woman joined in . He wa obviously very skilled , and it turned out that he wa a professional illustrator .
 He then sketched the young woman , and she asked him to autograph the drawing .
 — Ira Jacobson
 New York Today is published weekday around 6 a.m. Sign up here to get it by email . You can also find it at nytoday.com .
 We ’ re experimenting with the format of New York Today . What would you like to see more ( or le ) of ? Post a comment or email u : nytoday @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By John Koblin and Edmund Lee
 Richard Plepler , the gregarious chief executive of HBO and one of the most influential executive in entertainment , abruptly stepped down on Thursday . His decision came eight month after AT & T acquired Time Warner , the network ’ s corporate home , in an $ 85.4 billion deal .
 Mr. Plepler found he had le autonomy after the merger , according to two people familiar with his thinking .
 HBO , under his watch , won more than 160 Emmys for series like “ Game of Thrones , ” “ Big Little Lies ” and “ Veep. ” From his office at the network ’ s Manhattan headquarters overlooking Bryant Park , Mr. Plepler , 60 , had a strong hand in creating what is often referred to a television ’ s second golden age . He rose to prominence in a heyday for cable , and HBO ’ s Sunday night lineup showcased critically acclaimed hit like “ The Sopranos , ” “ Sex and the City , ” “ Girls ” and “ Curb Your Enthusiasm . ”
 AT & T ha been in talk with Robert Greenblatt , the former chairman of entertainment at NBC , for a high-level executive post at Warner Media , the division that oversees HBO under it Dallas-based minder . Before he ran programming at NBC , Mr. Greenblatt wa in charge of entertainment at Showtime from 2003 to 2010 , and oversaw show like “ Weeds ” and “ Nurse Jackie. ” After report of the talk surfaced , it seemed unlikely to those who know Mr. Plepler that he would be willing to report to his onetime competitor .
 “ Hard a it is to think about leaving the company I love , and the people I love in it , it is the right time for me to do so , ” Mr. Plepler said in a memo to HBO employee on Thursday . He added , “ I look forward over the coming week to thanking a many of you a I can for the thousand of contribution big and small that have made ‘ this thing of ours , ’ to quote Tony Soprano , so special . ”
 John Stankey , a longtime AT & T executive who became the chief executive of Warner Media last year , said in a statement , “ Richard is one of the most successful executive in our industry and I have been fortunate to have his support over the last month . His vision , energy and passion helped to elevate HBO ’ s brand to what it ha become today . ”
 The combination of Mr. Stankey and Mr. Plepler may have been the stuff of a buddy comedy , but it didn ’ t end with the mismatched duo growing closer in the end . The two executive differ significantly in style and attitude . Mr. Plepler is on the board of the Council on Foreign Relations ; Mr. Stankey is on the board of UPS . Mr. Plepler is at ease working the room at a premiere party ; Mr. Stankey , who recently moved from Dallas to New York , is a self-described “ Bell head , ” a term that refers to his three decade at the telecommunication company , which included a stint at Southwestern Bell .
 The two men started discussing the idea of bringing Mr. Plepler ’ s tenure to an end early in February , according to the two people familiar with the company ’ s plan .
 On Tuesday , the United States Court of Appeals rejected the government ’ s last-ditch attempt to break up the AT & T-Time Warner merger . The Justice Department said it would not appeal , leaving AT & T free to proceed with it plan .
 The industry in which Mr. Plepler thrived ha been destabilized recently by the entry of big-spending digital rival like Netflix and Amazon . Their threat to old way of creating entertainment helped set in motion the recent mega-mergers in medium and entertainment . In addition to AT & T ’ s purchase of Time Warner , the Walt Disney Company is acquiring much of 21st Century Fox .
 Mr. Plepler joined HBO a a public relation official in 1992 , some year after serving a an aide to Christopher J. Dodd , then a United States senator from Connecticut . Before long , Mr. Plepler oversaw HBO ’ s communication department , but his position wa greater than his title suggested . He became the face of HBO ’ s New York operation , playing a key role in programming decision .
 He moved into the role of co-president in 2007 , after the network ’ s chief executive at the time , Chris Albrecht , resigned after being accused of assaulting his girlfriend . Mr. Plepler became chief executive in 2013 and continued to show a knack for picking material that pleased critic while also delivering the occasional cheap thrill .
 During the early stage of AT & T ’ s acquisition of Time Warner , Mr. Plepler strongly suggested that he would not give up his independence during an interview at his usual lunch spot , a corner booth at the Lambs Club , a restaurant two block from his office . In order for HBO to thrive , he insisted , there would have to be “ a Chinese wall ” between the network and it Dallas-based boss . He also wondered aloud why the AT & T chief executive Randall Stephenson would buy HBO if he had any plan that would involve “ messing with a winning game . ”
 Mr. Plepler ’ s future came into clearer focus last June , when AT & T completed it acquisition of Time Warner , which wa also the corporate home of the Warner Bros. movie studio and the cable network CNN , TBS and TNT . Mr. Stankey addressed roughly 150 HBO employee during a town-hall meeting at the cozy HBO Theater on the 15th floor of the company ’ s New York headquarters . He warned them of a “ tough year ” ahead , saying that it “ will feel like childbirth . ”
 Mr. Plepler shared the stage with Mr. Stankey that day , and there wa a moment of public tension between them after the AT & T veteran promised more investment in HBO and Mr. Plepler interjected , “ Let ’ s give him a hand for that simple sentence ! ”
 Reclaiming the stage , Mr. Stankey said , “ We ’ ve got to make money at the end of the day , right ? ”
 “ We do that , ” Mr. Plepler responded .
 “ Yes , you do , ” Mr. Stankey said . “ Just not enough . ”
 There wa laughter in the room , but his blunt statement did not sit well with some employee .
 Profits rose during Mr. Plepler ’ s run a chief executive , topping more than $ 2 billion in 2017 . He introduced a stand-alone app , HBO Now , in 2015 , which ha more than five million subscriber . As someone who had grown accustomed to running his own shop , he seemed to chafe under his new bos from the start . His departure show that AT & T is likely to be an active steward of Warner Media , one that did not hesitate to disrupt a network that is the division ’ s crown jewel .
 Mr. Plepler sent his memo to HBO employee hour before he wa expected to preside over another premiere party — lavish affair were an HBO hallmark during his tenure — for a new documentary , “ The Inventor , ” about the Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes . The director of that film , Alex Gibney , posted his disapproval not long after the news wa public .
 “ Dismaying , ” Mr. Gibney wrote . “ Richard is a great exec , powerful impresario and creative force . Great instinct for story . ”
 Mr. Plepler also hosted dinner party and salon at his Upper East Side apartment and regarded himself a a sort of patron of the auteur . On premiere night and Emmy celebration , he could be found bear-hugging , cajoling and propping up writer , actor and producer , not to mention the magazine editor and columnist he had brought into his fold .
 The talent loved him back , and sometimes even name-checked him in their work . In an episode of “ The Sopranos , ” Tony Soprano , after getting shot , is overseen by a doctor whom the show ’ s creator , David Chase , named Dr. Lior Plepler . Likewise , Larry David ’ s character in the HBO movie “ Clear History ” invokes the name when referring to an expensive painting on his wall .
 “ It ’ s a Plepler ! ” he say .

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Edmund Lee and Cecilia Kang
 The federal government on Tuesday lost it second court challenge to AT & T ’ s $ 85.4 billion merger with Time Warner , a blockbuster deal that ha already begun to reshape much of the medium industry .
 A three-judge panel of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rejected the government ’ s claim that a lower court had applied antitrust law incorrectly in allowing the merger to proceed . Justice Department lawyer have argued that the combination of the two company would reduce competition and hurt consumer .
 “ The government ’ s objection that the District Court misunderstood and misapplied economic principle and clearly erred in rejecting the quantitative model are unpersuasive , ” Judge Judith W. Rogers wrote on behalf of the panel .
 The Justice Department doe not plan another appeal , a spokesman for the agency , Jeremy Edwards , said . “ We are grateful that the Court of Appeals considered our objection , ” he said .
 AT & T can now proceed with it plan to transform WarnerMedia into a streaming-video business in it version of the television industry ’ s go-to strategy . The company ha said it would unveil several online video product by early next year , with the premium cable channel HBO anchoring a service that would feature film and television show from the Warner Bros. library . ( HBO will continue to be available a a stand-alone service . )
 That mean blockbuster movie like “ Wonder Woman ” and installment of the Harry Potter franchise could show up on the service next to TV show like “ Friends ” and HBO hit like “ Game of Thrones. ” AT & T also plan to license some of it video property to service like Netflix , a strategy that could undermine it own streaming product since audience would be able to watch it show and movie elsewhere .
 The appeal court ruling wa a blow to the Justice Department and it lead antitrust regulator , Makan Delrahim , a conservative appointed by President Trump . Mr. Delrahim had sought a divestiture of some Time Warner asset a a condition of allowing the deal to go through , but AT & T ’ s chief executive , Randall Stephenson , refused to make such concession .
 In a statement , David McAtee , AT & T ’ s general counsel , welcomed the appeal court ’ s decision , which followed a lower-court ruling last June .
 “ The merger of these innovative company ha already yielded significant consumer benefit , and it will continue to do so for year to come , ” Mr. McAtee said . “ While we respect the important role that the U.S. Department of Justice play in the merger review process , we trust that today ’ s unanimous decision from the D.C . Circuit will end this litigation . ”
 By challenging the transaction in court , the Justice Department signaled that it would have an aggressive approach to so-called vertical merger between company with complementary business .
 In the case of AT & T and Time Warner , which ha been renamed WarnerMedia , the wireless provider is considered a content distributor and the medium business a content supplier . AT & T said that because the company did not compete , the merger would yield benefit for customer like lower bill and new show tailored for mobile device .
 The deal brought together one of the nation ’ s largest wireless provider with a vast medium business that includes CNN in addition to HBO and Warner Bros. AT & T ha over 153 million wireless subscriber and also owns the satellite TV service DirecTV .
 AT & T ha been operating WarnerMedia a a separate group , making it easier to unwind the business if the Justice Department prevailed in court . The group will continue to operate a a separate division , but AT & T can now integrate it more deeply with the parent company . That will give AT & T executive direct control over Turner Broadcasting , which the Justice Department sought to force the company to sell a a condition of the deal .
 AT & T had agreed to take a hands-off approach to Turner during the appeal , but it can now make staff change at the unit and take the lead in negotiating licensing deal with cable operator like Comcast or Charter . Turner includes CNN and the cable network TNT and TBS , which own right to broadcast game of major sport league like Major League Baseball and the National Basketball Association .
 The merger attracted a significant amount of political interest . As a presidential candidate , Donald J. Trump , who ha frequently criticized CNN a “ fake news , ” vowed to block the deal if he wa elected “ because it ’ s too much concentration of power in the hand of too few . ”
 The Justice Department ha insisted that political consideration played no role in the decision to fight it .
 William P. Barr , who wa confirmed a attorney general this month , wa a member of the Time Warner board until June . He told senator at his confirmation hearing that he would recuse himself from the agency ’ s effort to dismantle the merger . Mr. Barr held more than $ 4.2 million worth of Time Warner stock at the end of March and sold his share sometime before the end of June .
 The lower court ’ s approval of Time Warner ’ s merger with AT & T touched off an intense round of deal making . Comcast and the Walt Disney Company clashed in a fiercely contested bidding war for the bulk of 21st Century Fox , the medium empire created by Rupert Murdoch .
 Disney eventually won , securing the right to Mr. Murdoch ’ s film studio , including 20th Century Fox , and several of his cable network . Comcast , which owns NBCUniversal , separately won a bid for the British satellite broadcaster Sky , which the Murdoch family had controlled . ( Mr. Murdoch will continue to control Fox News and Fox broadcasting , a well a the sport network FS1 and the business network Fox Business . ) CBS and Viacom , both controlled by the Redstone family , could pursue a merger this year .
 The government ’ s approach to the AT & T-Time Warner merger contrast sharply with it relatively quick approval of Disney ’ s acquisition of 21st Century Fox ’ s entertainment property . That agreement , which called for Disney to pay $ 71.3 billion for Fox ’ s television and movie business , wa approved in June , about six month after it wa announced . Transactions of such size typically take a year or more .
 After AT & T closed the deal with Time Warner in June , it quickly appointed an executive to oversee the new acquisition . The move led some people to worry that the company would foist it mechanized method onto Time Warner . But AT & T ha said it plan to preserve the entertainment giant ’ s culture of talent and creativity .
 AT & T also ha to prove to it investor that it can pay off it staggering debt load of $ 171 billion , much more than most public company carry . The company borrowed $ 40 billion to finance the Time Warner acquisition . Mr. Stephenson ha said AT & T should be able to pay off about $ 30 billion of it debt this year .
 The wireless industry continues to face substantial challenge . The nation ’ s four major carrier — AT & T , Verizon , T-Mobile and Sprint — have been locked in a price war for several year . Most people in the country already pay for mobile service , and the carrier have had to lower their price to steal customer away from one another . That ha reduced profit , prompting new strategy .
 AT & T bought Time Warner in a bid to hold on to customer by offering added product like HBO and other video service , either at discounted rate or a part of a package .
 Verizon ha taken a different tack . By investing more heavily in the next-generation cellular technology known a 5G , the company hope to beat it rival in offering customer faster internet speed . The technology could eventually replace the broadband service now sold by cable provider . T-Mobile and Sprint are seeking approval for a merger that would create a bigger company able to supercharge it own investment in 5G technology .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Further reading
 Let your favorite movie of 2018 guide your next reading choice .
 By Joumana Khatib
 With the Oscars coming up on Sunday , you may be revisiting film that are up for award this year . Some , like “ If Beale Street Could Talk ” and “ Black Panther , ” were adapted from book , while others , like “ Roma ” and “ Capernaum , ” may encourage you to learn more about their subject and time period . We ’ ve rounded up a reading list inspired by some of 2018 ’ s biggest film .
 Spike Lee ’ s movie — about a black police officer , Ron Stallworth , who infiltrates his local Ku Klux Klan chapter in the 1970s — is adapted from Stallworth ’ s memoir . “ BLACK KLANSMAN ” ( Flatiron ) detail the detective ’ s investigation and effort to derail the organization , even managing to befriend David Duke .
 Linda Gordon ’ s “ THE SECOND COMING OF THE KKK : The Ku Klux Klan of the 1920s and the American Political Tradition ” ( Norton ) is a sobering account of the group ’ s history and role in society . The KKK exercised huge influence over local politics and everyday life , to a jaw-dropping degree ; our reviewer said the book “ should be required reading . ”
 For a novel that deal with many of the movie ’ s central theme , check out Maurice Carlos Ruffin ’ s debut , “ WE CAST A SHADOW ” ( One World ) . Set in the future , in a deeply racist American South , the story ’ s narrator is a black lawyer who go to extraordinary length to protect his biracial son from experiencing racism . Our reviewer said the book “ asks some of the most important question fiction can ask , and it doe so with energetic and acrobatic prose , hilarious wordplay and great heart . ”
 If you ’ d like to spend more time in Wakanda , the universe of “ Black Panther , ” check out Ta-Nehisi Coates ’ s reprisal of the comic , illustrated by Brian Stelfreeze . In their first volume , “ A NATION UNDER OUR FEET ” ( Marvel ) , a superhuman terrorist group is rattling the nation , and the leader T ’ Challa must lead the country through the uprising and help determine it future .
 For another fantastical , sprawling story set in Africa , look to Marlon James ’ s new novel , “ BLACK LEOPARD , RED WOLF ” ( Riverhead ) , the first of an expected trilogy that ’ s been compared to “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Jennifer Nansubuga Makumbi ’ s epic novel , “ KINTU ” ( Transit Books ) is set in present-day Uganda , and follows one family ’ s effort to evade a curse that ’ s followed them for generation .
 [ See our full list of reading recommendation for this movie . ]
 Nadine Labaki ’ s movie , the latest Lebanese film to be nominated for an Oscar , follows a young refugee , Zain , and the horror he face , from cutthroat trafficker to the reality of being stateless .
 The refugee crisis in Lebanon date back decade , the result of longtime instability in the region . For an overview of the Middle East ’ s political and cultural upheaval , consider “ HOUSE OF STONE : A Memoir of Home , Family , and a Lost Middle East ” ( Houghton Mifflin Harcourt ) , by Anthony Shadid , a former Middle East correspondent for The Times . Shadid , who died in 2012 on assignment , wa of Lebanese descent . His book examines the long-lasting effect of the region ’ s convulsion .
 Wendy Pearlman ’ s “ WE CROSSED A BRIDGE AND IT TREMBLED : Voices From Syria ” ( Custom House ) brings together account from refugee scattered across the Middle East and Europe , showing the extraordinary heroism of ordinary people .
 In her highly personal graphic novel “ BADDAWI ” ( Just World Books ) , Leila Abdelrazaq explores the childhood of her father , who grew up in a Lebanese refugee camp in the 1970s .
 This film isn ’ t particularly kind to Queen Anne , the feckless monarch at it core , but history hasn ’ t been , either . In “ QUEEN ANNE : The Politics of Passion ” ( Knopf ) , the historian Anne Somerset try to defend the monarch .
 Ophelia Field ’ s biography , “ THE FAVOURITE : Sarah , Duchess of Marlborough ” ( Weidenfeld & Nicolson ) , delf into the life and time of the queen ’ s longtime companion , a politically savvy , controlling woman who , in a moment of desperation , sought to blackmail the queen and out her a a lesbian .
 Skipping ahead to the Victorian era , Sarah Waters ’ s lush novel “ TIPPING THE VELVET ” ( Riverhead ) explores an illicit romance between two woman with sensitivity and verve .
 Barry Jenkins ’ film is based on James Baldwin ’ s 1974 novel of the same name , and follows a young couple in 1970s New York whose life are thrown into chaos when the man is wrongly imprisoned .
 If you ’ d like to explore more by Baldwin , consider his debut novel , “ GO TELL IT ON THE MOUNTAIN , ” the loosely autobiographical story of a man growing up in Harlem in the 1930s .
 For a more contemporary story , there ’ s “ AN AMERICAN MARRIAGE ” ( Algonquin ) by Tayari Jones , which follows a young African-American couple “ on the come-up ” whose life are upended after the husband is convicted of a rape he didn ’ t commit .
 To understand the devastating effect of the mass incarceration of black men , look to James Forman Jr. ’ s “ LOCKING UP OUR OWN : Crime and Punishment in Black America ” ( Farrar , Straus & Giroux ) . His book show the role of black mayor , judge and police chief , taking office amid a surge in crime and drug addiction , in putting in place measure that would prove devastating for poor black neighborhood .
 [ See our full list of reading recommendation for this movie . ]
 In their novel “ THE NANNY DIARIES ” ( St. Martin ’ s Griffin ) , Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus — both former nanny themselves — include plenty of hilarious detail in their story of child care among wealthy Manhattanites .
 Don ’ t let the title of Leila Slimani ’ s novel deceive you : “ THE PERFECT NANNY ” ( Penguin ) is a chilling psychological thriller ripped right from the headline , with a family ’ s caretaker who snap and kill the child . The book wa named one of The Times ’ s 10 Best Books of 2018 .
 The author P. L. Travers wrote six Mary Poppins book , but wa an intensely private woman . Valerie Lawson wa determined to tell the author ’ s story in “ MARY POPPINS SHE WROTE : The Life of P. L. Travers ” ( Simon & Schuster ) , which serf a an intrepid guide to a surprisingly difficult topic : Travers fascinating , though confusing , personal life .
 [ See our full list of reading recommendation for this movie . ]
 In “ Roma , ” Alfonso Cuáron set out to capture the Mexico City of his childhood , following a family and their beloved nanny during a turbulent political moment .
 For a thorough account of the city ’ s — and Mexico ’ s — history , look to “ LA CAPITAL : The Biography of Mexico City ” ( Random House ) by Jonathan Kandell , a veteran journalist in Latin America .
 No guide to book set in Mexico City should overlook Roberto Bolaño ’ s novel . One of his best-loved work , “ THE SAVAGE DETECTIVES ” ( Farrar , Straus & Giroux ) , unfolds largely in the 1970s , following a young poet and a group of literary guerrilla .
 In Mexico and elsewhere , there ’ s a growing movement for author to write in indigenous language — including Zapotec , a language of the region from which Cleo , the film ’ s central character , and the family ’ s maid hail . For an introduction , look to Natalia Toledo ’ s poetry collection “ THE BLACK FLOWER AND OTHER ZAPOTEC POEMS ” ( Phoneme Media ) .
 Adam McKay ’ s movie foreground Dick Cheney ’ s role in America ’ s military campaign during President George W. Bush ’ s tenure . For a deeper look , check out James Mann ’ s “ RISE OF THE VULCANS : The History of Bush ’ s War Cabinet ” ( Viking ) , which focus on Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , Condoleezza Rice and others , with an eye to how the Vietnam War shaped their strategy and intervention .
 President Bush wrote a campaign memoir , “ A CHARGE TO KEEP ” ( William Morrow ) before he wa elected , that offered hint about what his presidency might look like .
 Thomas Mallon ’ s latest book , “ LANDFALL ” ( Pantheon ) , is a blackly comic novel set during George W. Bush ’ s administration , and show off a side of the president that no one know .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Brantley in Britain
 By Ben Brantley
 It is a fine , fine morning in the English countryside — sparkling sunshine , cloudless sky , blooming flower at their peak .
 And there is a wasp in the marmalade .
 That surely shouldn ’ t be enough to destroy a beautiful day , much le an entire existence . Yet for the complacent husband and wife at the center of Harold Pinter ’ s “ A Slight Ache , ” a 1958 play , first performed on radio , which ha been brought to chilling physical life at the Harold Pinter Theater here , that small , single insect is the beginning of the end .
 Yes , the wasp is soon taken care of , drowned by hot water . But then there ’ s that sinister , silent match seller who ’ s been standing at the couple ’ s front gate , day after day after day , though it ’ s only this morning that they have fully registered his presence .
 Why is he there ? What doe he want ? Does he expect them to invite him in ? There is so much , it seems , to be afraid of . Fear — of the unknown , of the familiar , and of what happens when one becomes the other — is stalking London ’ s stage this winter , a Britain continues to squirm under the big , black question mark known a Brexit .
 The ghost of economic catastrophe past also haunt two all-too-credible revival of play by Arthur Miller , both of which opened here last week . Both “ The Price ” ( 1968 ) and “ The American Clock ” ( 1980 ) consider the legacy of the Great Depression , a time when cherished American creed of hope and self-reliance seemed to be swallowed into emptiness .
 David Suchet — doing the Yiddish equivalent of his Belgian detective Hercule Poirot — delivers a crowd-pleasing , vaudevillian turn a a wily old antique dealer in “ The Price , ” directed by Jonathan Church at Wyndham ’ s Theater . But I wa more affected by Brendan Coyle and Sara Stewart ’ s pain-filled portrait of a marriage shackled by the enduring clasp of a dead father , who wa destroyed — financially and spiritually — by the Depression .
 The inventive American director Rachel Chavkin ( “ Natasha , Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812 ” ) doe about a much a can be done in animating the admonitory history class that is “ The American Clock. ” In her version for the Old Vic , a changing , multiethnic , and gymnastic cast of performer share the same role in embodying public and private view of the Depression ’ s far-reaching ravage .
 [ What ’ s new onstage and off : Sign up for our Theater Update newsletter ]
 Neither production overcomes the repetitive didactism that encumbers both script , especially “ Clock. ” But to see them close together , a I did , is to be reminded of how Miller never stopped asking the enduringly relevant , moral and existential question posed by an era when “ the System ” failed , and all-American optimism nearly flickered out .
 Even amid the buoyant , upbeat period musical number that punctuate “ Clock , ” you sense the voracious , spark-extinguishing shadow hovering . When you hear President Franklin D. Roosevelt ’ s fabled assertion in a radio broadcast that there is “ nothing to fear but fear itself , ” the word ring unsettlingly hollow .
 The nature of “ fear itself ” is being probed in very different term at the Donmar Warehouse , home to “ Berberian Sound Studio , ” a play in which a lone Englishman in a foreign land is forced to confront demon within him he hadn ’ t even known were there . Though it plot concern the creation of a favorite current form of escapism — the horror movie — “ Berberian Sound Studio ” is hardly made for cathartic hoot and shriek .
 Adapted from Peter Strickland ’ s 2012 film by the writer Joel Horwood and the director Tom Scutt , this compact comic drama never show the simulated , gore-drenched death that are the sine qua non of splatter flick . Its scare are aural instead of visual , unless you count the increasingly rapt expression on the face of an inhibited Englishman named Gilderoy , played with uncompromising geekiness by Tom Brooke .
 He ’ s the sheltered , clueless English sound designer who ’ s been imported by a director in Italy to devise the perfect noise for an unspeakable death by torture called the “ bacio indelible , ” or indelible kiss . Not much happens in term of real plot in this production , which is set entirely in the studio of the title ( rendered by Anna Yates and Mr. Scutt , best known a an eminent theater designer ) . And there ’ s little of the ticking-bomb urgency associated with classic suspense .
 Yet a Gilderoy is reluctantly seduced into the dubious pleasure of grand guignol entertainment , “ Studio ” plant germ that fester disturbingly in the imagination . Why , for example , do audience revel in the protracted , gruesome torture and mutilation of beautiful woman ?
 And is “ the sound of fear , ” to quote from the script , really an ear-piercing scream ? Or is it , instead , a breathless , endless silence that defies all form of articulation ?
 Pinter , of course , famously knew from silence . And it ’ s appropriate that “ A Slight Ache ” began life a a radio play , a form in which what doe or doesn ’ t enter the ear is what trigger the imagination . In “ Pinter at the Pinter Seven ” — expertly directed by Jamie Lloyd and the final offering of a much-lauded season devoted to the dramatist ’ s short play — it ha been paired with the better-known “ The Dumb Waiter . ”
 Written in 1957 , “ The Dumb Waiter , ” an elliptical account of two hit men in limbo , wa a breakthrough for the young Pinter , which ha since been parsed , taught and revived many time . This version feature two marquee star : Martin Freeman ( Watson in television ’ s “ Sherlock ” ) and Danny Dyer ( soap and action film actor , and notorious caller-out — on the subject of Brexit — of the former Prime Minister David Cameron ) .
 Confined to a bare and squalid room ( Soutra Gilmour is the designer ) , Ben ( Mr. Dyer ) and Gus ( Mr. Freeman ) are awaiting instruction to kill from an unseen bos . Mr. Dyer , a the surly top thug , and Mr. Freeman , a his fretful second banana , enjoyably elicit the music-hall rhythm of these squabbling criminal , without milking the laugh . Their skillful thrusting and parrying reminds u of Ben and Gus ’ s close kinship to Didi and Gogo , the bickering hobo of Beckett ’ s “ Waiting for Godot . ”
 But it ’ s “ A Slight Ache ” that ’ s the true eye opener ( and spine tingler ) here . This two-character piece , which slyly evolves from a satirical sketch into an existential mystery , wa staged to critical yawn at the National Theater in 2008 , when it wa generally concluded that “ Ache ” wa indeed meant to be heard and not seen .
 Mr. Lloyd , however , ha sensibly set his version in a radio studio , with his superb cast of two — John Heffernan and Gemma Whelan — speaking into microphone . This professional space turn out to be no safer than the sound studio at the Donmar , a the performer sink deeper and deeper into the role of Edward and Flora , a husband and wife trying to figure out what to do with that tramp at the end of their garden .
 They have separate encounter with this shadowy figure ( who is , at one point , mistaken for a bull ) , and each see something different in him . Specifically , that would be their respective and elusive past , their equally muddled present and , for the husband , a black hole of a future .
 Aside from a too-literal-minded final image , this “ Slight Ache ” is truly pitch-perfect . Mr. Heffernan and Ms. Whelan ’ s priceless line reading remind u that Pinter ’ s ear for the emptiness of social locution wa a match for Noël Coward ’ s and Joe Orton ’ s . ( “ Do excuse me for peering , but is that a glass eye you ’ re wearing ? ” )
 Ms. Whelan ( from “ Game of Thrones ” ) doe wonder in bringing a solemn silliness to instinct erotic and maternal . ( “ Shall I mop your brow with my chiffon ? ” ) And a bespectacled Mr. Heffernan take his character on a harrowing journey from smug , manly confidence to quivering , mewling desperation .
 Early in the play he remark , regarding the lurking match seller , “ I really can ’ t tolerate anything so absurd , right on my doorstep. ” And so he step forward to confront it , and discovers — like so many figure in Pinter ’ s play and in modern drama — that the absurd is existence itself . It is ultimately so deeply , terrifyingly tragic that you might a well laugh .
 The American ClockAt the Old Vic Theater , London ; oldvictheatre.comThe PriceAt Wyndham ’ s Theater , London ; delfontmackintosh.co.ukBerberian Sound StudioAt Donmar Warehouse , London ; donmarwarehouse.comPinter at the Pinter Seven : A Slight Ache / The Dumb WaiterAt the Harold Pinter Theater , London ; pinteratthepinter.com

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Laurel Graeber
 Our guide to cultural event in New York City for child and teenager happening this weekend and in the week ahead .
 IT ’ S HOLIDAY TIME IN PALEYLAND at the Paley Center for Media ( Jan. 3 , noon-8 p.m. ; Jan. 4-6 , noon-6 p.m. ) . Wish you could hang on to the holiday spirit just a little while longer ? Whatever tradition you just celebrated are still being observed at the Paley Center , where continuous daily screening of family television special continue through Sunday , along with craft and game . As well a classic like “ Frosty the Snowman , ” “ A Rugrats Kwanzaa , ” “ A Rugrats Chanukah ” and “ Dr . Seuss ’ How the Grinch Stole Christmas , ” the center this year is offering themed video game and virtual-reality experience . Everything is free , including the cocoa.212-621-6600 , paleycenter.org
 JUST KIDDING : THE OKEE DOKEE BROTHERS at Symphony Space ( Jan. 5 , 11 a.m. ) . Winter may have fewer fan than other season , but it ’ s got two unabashed cheerleader in Joe Mailander and Justin Lansing , the duo known a the Okee Dokee Brothers . These Grammy Award-winning artist , who specialize in folk music and Americana , will sing of cold-weather joy at this Just Kidding series concert , which celebrates their latest album , “ Winterland. ” In addition to extolling the fun of ice fishing , dog sledding and encountering a friendly yeti , the song on the new release deal with more serious subject , like life cycle and tolerance . Why , after all , doe even a snowman get a gender role ? 212-864-5400 , symphonyspace.org
 MAYERS CONSULTING ALL-AGES MUSIC SHOWCASE at Drom ( Jan. 6 , noon-4 p.m. ) . New York is always a world-class center for entertainment , and it ’ s especially so this weekend , when the Association of Performing Arts Professionals hold it annual conference . That mean that those who present theater , music and other act onstage will be attending artist showcase , and while they ’ re deciding on their favorite performer at this East Village club on Sunday , your kid can , too . Of the nine eclectic act scheduled — all client of Mayers Consulting , an artist-management company — three have earned nomination for the 2019 Grammy Award for best child ’ s album : Lucy Kalantari & the Jazz Cats , who are inspired by the Roaring Twenties ; the Pop Ups , known for mixing science , puppetry and rock ; and Falu ’ s Bazaar , which introduces young listener to South Asian beats.tinyurl.com/mcshowcase19
 NYC WINTER LANTERN FESTIVAL at Snug Harbor Cultural Center & Botanical Garden ( Jan. 3 and 6 , 5-10 p.m. ; Jan. 4-5 , 5-11 p.m. ) . Staten Island now ha it own 150-foot-long dragon . “ Game of Thrones ” isn ’ t filming there , but this creature doe qualify a a special effect of sort : Ablaze with LED light , it is part of an inaugural Chinese-style lantern festival on the Cultural Center ’ s South Lawn . The dazzling installation , which also comprise 25 panda , a tunnel of light , a holiday zone and a giant shark mouth that visitor can walk inside , are accompanied by evening performance of traditional Chinese art . Now entering it final weekend , the attraction is easy to reach from other borough : Shuttle service on Staten Island run every 15 minute between the festival and the St. George Ferry Terminal , a well a between the festival and the New York Wheel Garage.nycwinterlanternfestival.com
 POPOVICH COMEDY PET THEATER at the Borough of Manhattan Community College Tribeca Performing Arts Center ( Jan. 5-6 , 11:30 a.m. and 2 and 5 p.m. ) . If you ’ ve ever owned a cat , you ’ ve probably felt more than once that you had to jump through hoop for your pet . Gregory Popovich , however , get his cat to jump through hoop for him . The founder and leader of this touring show , Popovich combine his own juggling and clowning skill — he come from a Russian circus family — with the talent of more than 30 furry and feathered performer , almost all rescued from animal shelter and raised a family pet . ( A few human circus artist participate , too . ) The Popovich theater feature , along with it fabulous feline star , dog , goose , mouse , dove , parrot and a miniature horse . Expect lively skit and acrobatics and , of course , incomparable cuteness . 212-220–1460 , tribecapac.org
 ‘ STAND CLEAR OF THE CLOSING DOORS , PLEASE ’ at the Old Stone House , Washington Park ( Jan. 5 , 10 and 11:15 a.m. ) . City family may feel that they hear this phrase all too often , but on Saturday at this historic site in Brooklyn , the word will be accompanied by laughter and play , not noisy crowd and frayed temper . Presented by Spellbound Theater , this intimate show tell the story of Catbear , a lost toy that travel on six subway line while searching for it owner . The 35-minute production , which us puppetry and toy theater technique , invite small child — the recommended age are 2 to 5 — to answer question and provide sound effect a they follow Catbear on adventure that include Grand Central Terminal and Coney Island.347-464-8542 , spellboundtheatre.com
 THREE KINGS DAY PARADE AND CELEBRATION at El Museo del Barrio ( Jan. 4 , 11 a.m.-3 p.m. ) and EL DÍA DE LOS TRES REYES MAGOS/THREE KINGS DAY at Teatro SEA ( Jan. 6 , 3-5 p.m. ) . Although nothing on the street seems to surprise longtime New Yorkers , camel striding up Park Avenue might be an exception . You can expect those animal to turn head on Friday , when El Museo del Barrio present it annual parade in honor of Three Kings Day , the Latin holiday that celebrates the pilgrimage of the Magi to Bethlehem . The 90-minute procession , which start at 11 a.m. at 106th Street and Park Avenue , will also feature giant puppet , dancer , marching band and other musical group and , of course , the Three Kings themselves , portrayed by community leader . The free fun will continue from 1 to 3 p.m. inside the museum , where reveler can explore the gallery , see an improv performance by Teatro 220 and hear Annette A. Aguilar & Stringbeans play Brazilian jazz . The Three Kings will also go to the Lower East Side on Sunday , where they ’ ll appear at Teatro SEA , the Latino theater for child . Here , their intent is to bear gift for little visitor — they will give a present to each of the first thousand who arrive — and host free festivity that will include music by Los Pleneros de la 21 and the Mariachi Academy of New York.212-831-7272 , elmuseo.org212-529-1545 , teatrosea.org
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By The Associated Press
 WASHINGTON — Public at last , special counsel Robert Mueller 's report revealed to a waiting nation Thursday that President Donald Trump tried to seize control of the Russia probe and force Mueller 's removal to stop him from investigating potential obstruction of justice by the president . Trump wa largely thwarted by those around him who refused to go along .
 Mueller laid out multiple episode in which Trump directed others to influence or curtail the Russia investigation after the special counsel 's appointment in May 2017 . Those effort `` were mostly unsuccessful , but that is largely because the person who surrounded the President declined to carry out order or accede to his request , '' Mueller wrote .
 After nearly two year , the two-volume , 448-page redacted report made for riveting reading .
 In one particularly dramatic moment , Mueller reported that Trump wa so agitated at the special counsel 's appointment on May 17 , 2017 , that he slumped back in his chair and declared : `` Oh my God . This is terrible . This is the end of my presidency . I 'm f -- -ed . ''
 With that , Trump set out to save himself .
 In June of that year , Mueller wrote , Trump directed White House Counsel Don McGahn to call Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein , who oversaw the probe , and say that Mueller must be ousted because he had conflict of interest . McGahn refused — deciding he would sooner resign than trigger a potential crisis akin to the Saturday Night Massacre of firing during the Watergate era .
 Two day later , the president made another attempt to alter the course of the investigation , meeting with former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski and dictating a message for him to relay to then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions . The message : Sessions would publicly call the investigation `` very unfair '' to the president , declare Trump did nothing wrong and say Mueller should limit his probe to `` investigating election meddling for future election . '' The message wa never delivered .
 The report 's bottom line largely tracked the finding revealed in Attorney General William Barr 's four-page memo released a month ago — no collusion with Russia but no clear verdict on obstruction — but it added new layer of detail about Trump 's effort to thwart the investigation . Looking ahead , both side were already using the finding to amplify well-rehearsed argument about Trump 's conduct , Republicans casting him a a victim of harassment and Democrats depicting the president a stepping far over the line to derail the investigation .
 The Justice Department released it redacted version of the report about 90 minute after Barr offered his own final assessment of the finding at a testy news conference . The nation , Congress and Trump 's White House consumed it voraciously — online , via a compact disc delivered to legislator and in loose-leaf binder distributed to reporter .
 The release represented a moment of closure nearly two year in the making but also the starting bell for a new round of partisan warfare .
 A defiant Trump pronounced it `` a good day '' and tweeted `` Game Over '' in a typeface mimicking the `` Game of Thrones '' logo . By late afternoon , he wa airborne for his Mar-a-Lago private club in Florida with wife Melania for the holiday weekend .
 Top Republicans in Congress saw vindication , too .
 House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said it wa time to move on from Democrats ' effort to `` vilify a political opponent . '' The California lawmaker said the report failed to deliver the `` imaginary evidence '' incriminating Trump that Democrats had sought .
 Trump campaign manager Brad Parscale said Republicans should turn the table and `` investigate the liar who instigated this sham investigation . ''
 But Democrats cried foul over Barr 's preemptive press conference and said the report revealed troubling detail about Trump 's conduct in the White House .
 In a joint statement , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer wrote that `` one thing is clear : Attorney General Barr presented a conclusion that the president did not obstruct justice while Mueller 's report appears to undercut that finding . ''
 House Judiciary Chairman Jerrold Nadler added that the report `` outline disturbing evidence that President Trump engaged in obstruction of justice and other misconduct . '' He sent a letter to the Justice Department requesting that Mueller himself testify before his panel `` no later than May 23 '' and said he 'd be issuing a subpoena for the full special counsel report and the underlying material .
 Signaling battle ahead , Nadler earlier called the investigation `` incredibly thorough '' work that would preserve evidence for future probe .
 Barr said he would n't object to Mueller testifying .
 Trump himself wa never questioned in person , but the report 's appendix includes 12 page of his written response to query from Mueller 's team .
 Mueller deemed Trump 's written answer — rife with iteration of `` I do n't recall '' — to be `` inadequate . '' He considered issuing a subpoena to force the president to appear in person but decided against it after weighing the likelihood of a long legal battle .
 In his written answer , Trump said his comment during a 2016 political rally asking Russian hacker to help find email scrubbed from Hillary Clinton 's private server wa made `` in jest and sarcastically '' and said he did not recall being told during the campaign of any Russian effort to infiltrate or hack computer system .
 But Mueller said that within five hour of Trump 's comment , Russian military intelligence officer were targeting email account connected to Clinton 's office .
 Mueller evaluated nearly a dozen episode for possible obstruction of justice , and said he could not conclusively determine that Trump had committed criminal obstruction . The episode included Trump 's firing of FBI Director James Comey , the president 's directive to subordinate to have Mueller fired and effort to encourage witness not to cooperate .
 Sessions wa so affected by Trump 's frequent criticism of him for recusing himself from the investigation that he kept a resignation letter `` with him in his pocket every time he went to the White House , '' Mueller said .
 The president 's lawyer have said Trump 's conduct fell within his constitutional power , but Mueller 's team deemed the episode deserving of scrutiny for potential criminal act .
 As for the question of whether the Trump campaign had colluded with Russia during the 2016 presidential campaign , Mueller wrote that the campaign `` expected it would benefit electorally from information stolen and released through Russian effort . ''
 But Mueller said investigator concluded , `` While the investigation identified numerous link between individual with tie to the Russian government and individual associated with the Trump Campaign , the evidence wa not sufficient to support criminal charge . ''
 Workers at a Russian troll farm contacted Trump 's campaign , claiming to be political activist for conservative grassroots organization , and asked for sign and other campaign material to use at rally . While volunteer provided some of those material — and set aside a number of sign — investigator do n't believe any Trump campaign official knew the request were coming from foreign national , Mueller wrote .
 Mueller wrote that investigator `` did not establish that member of the Trump campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government in it election interference activity . ''
 Josh Blackman , a professor at the South Texas College of Law Houston , stressed that Mueller did n't think the president 's obligation to run the executive branch entitled him to absolute immunity from prosecution . But to find that the president obstructed justice , he said , Mueller would have needed much clearer evidence that the president acted solely with `` corrupt intent . ''
 `` The evidence wa sort of muddled , '' Blackman said , adding that the president 's action had multiple motivation .
 The report laid out some of Mueller 's reasoning for drawing no conclusion on the question of obstruction .
 Mueller wrote that he would have exonerated Trump if he could , but he wa n't able to do that given the evidence he uncovered . And he said the Justice Department 's standing opinion that a sitting president could n't be indicted meant he also could n't recommend Trump be criminally charged , even in secret .
 Trump 's written response addressed no question about obstruction of justice , a wa part of an agreement with Trump 's legal team .
 He told Mueller he had `` no recollection '' of learning in advance about the much-scrutinized Trump Tower meeting between campaign official and a Russian lawyer . He also said he had no recollection of knowledge about email setting up the meeting that promised dirt on Clinton 's Democratic campaign .
 He broadly denied knowing of any foreign government trying to help his campaign , including the Russian government . He said he wa aware of some report that Russian President Vladimir Putin had made `` complimentary statement '' about him .
 It wa n't just Trump under the microscope . But Mueller wrote that he believed prosecutor would be unlikely to meet the burden of proof to show that Donald Trump Jr. and other participant in the Trump Tower meeting `` had general knowledge that their conduct wa unlawful . '' Nor did Mueller 's probe develop evidence that they knew that foreign contribution to campaign were illegal or other particular of federal law .
 Barr 's contention that the report contained only `` limited redaction '' applied more to the obstruction of justice section than it look at Russian election meddling . Overall , about 40 percent of the page contained at least something that wa blocked out , mostly to protect ongoing investigation . Barr had said that he would redact grand jury information and material related to investigation , privacy and intelligence .
 ___
 AP writer Zeke Miller , Mary Clare Jalonick , Lisa Mascaro , Dustin Weaver , Deb Riechmann , Susannah George , Michael R. Sisak , Stephen Braun , Jill Colvin , Jonathan Lemire , Darlene Superville , Jessica Gresko , Mark Sherman , Julie Pace and Elizabeth Kennedy contributed to this report .
 ___
 For complete coverage of the Mueller report , go to http : //www.apnews.com/TrumpInvestigations
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We ’ re covering the release of Robert Mueller ’ s report , North Korea ’ s claim that it ha tested a new weapon , and the growing number of abortion ban in the U.S .
 The Justice Department released a redacted version of the report by the special counsel , Robert Mueller . It ha been posted on the department ’ s website , but load time are very slow , presumably due to high traffic .
 Here are our live update on the finding , with excerpt and analysis , and our live coverage of the event of the day . We ’ re also planning to send a special edition of the Morning Briefing email later today .
 Attorney General William Barr held a news conference before the report ’ s release , vigorously defending President Trump ’ s conduct and clearing him of obstruction and him , his campaign and associate of any knowing collusion .
 Here is a transcript of his remark . We ’ ll have video shortly .
 Response : Mr. Trump ’ s Twitter account displayed a “ Game of Thrones ” -themed post that declared in uppercase : “ No Collusion . No Obstruction . For the hater and the Radical Left Democrats — Game Over . ”
 Another angle : Justice Department official have repeatedly discussed the report ’ s conclusion with White House lawyer , our reporter were told , aiding the president ’ s legal team a it prepares a rebuttal .
 In what appeared to be a warning from Kim Jong-un to President Trump , North Korea said today that it had test-fired a new type of “ tactical guided weapon. ” There wa no evidence that the test involved a nuclear detonation or an intercontinental ballistic missile .
 Analysts said the test show that Mr. Kim is reverting to sabre-rattling a he move to end the sanction that are derailing his hope of rejuvenating North Korea ’ s economy .
 What ’ s next : Mr. Kim said recently that he would give the U.S. until the end of the year to come up with proposal that would lift sanction , an implicit warning that North Korea might resume nuclear and intercontinental missile testing . Today ’ s test suggested that he might raise the stake sooner .
 Donations from wealthy French family and company to rebuild the fire-ravaged cathedral in Paris are nearing $ 1 billion , intensifying the resentment that ha been on display during the Yellow Vest protest about economic inequality .
 “ If they ’ re able to give dozen of million to rebuild Notre Dame , they should stop telling u that there is no money to pay for social inequality , ” one labor union leader said .
 Another angle : The Paris Fire Department ’ s chaplain , the Rev . Jean-Marc Fournier , ha emerged a a central figure in the mission to rescue artwork and relic from the blaze . He told our reporter how more than 100 firefighter carried the precious piece to safety .
 Yesterday : A man carrying two can of gasoline , two bottle of lighter fluid and two lighter wa arrested after entering St. Patrick ’ s Cathedral in New York , the police said . The church wa undamaged .
 So-called heartbeat bill — a ban on abortion after a fetal heartbeat is detected , often before a woman even know she is pregnant — have been on the fringe of the anti-abortion movement for year . But four state have passed such measure this year , and heartbeat bill are moving through the legislature of 11 others , according to one policy expert .
 With an increasingly conservative Supreme Court under President Trump , anti-abortion activist hope to overturn Roe v. Wade , the decision that established a federal protection for abortion in 1973 .
 Quotable : “ Now is our time , ” said Michael Gonidakis , the president of Ohio Right to Life in Columbus . “ This is the best court we ’ ve had in my lifetime , in my parent ’ lifetime . ”
 The Daily : Today ’ s episode is the second of a two-part series on abortion . Listen to Part 1 here .
 During Susan Wojcicki ’ s tenure a chief executive of YouTube , she ha had to contend with uploads of pedophilia and mass murder . Yet she ha largely escaped the public scrutiny that her peer on other platform have faced .
 To get a sense of what she is like a a leader , our reporter spoke to more than a dozen current and former employee , and Ms. Wojcicki herself .
 Tighter rule on Cuba : The Trump administration ha imposed new restriction on dealing with the island , including limiting nonfamily travel and allowing exile to sue for property seized by the Castro government .
 New tent city for immigrant : With existing facility “ beyond capacity , ” the federal government will spend nearly $ 40 million to house detained migrant family and child in Texas .
 “ Infatuated ” with Columbine : An 18-year-old woman who official said wa armed and had traveled to Denver before the 20th anniversary of the shooting wa found dead of an apparently self-inflicted gunshot wound .
 Ex-leader of Peru kill himself : A former president , Alan García , shot himself a the authority were trying to arrest him in connection with one of the biggest corruption scandal in Latin American history .
 Pinterest I.P.O . : The digital pin board company ha priced it share at $ 19 each for today ’ s initial public offering , a valuation of $ 12.7 billion .
 Green building , or else : New York City is expected to pas a law to fine building that violate new cap on greenhouse gas emission .
 Snapshot : Scientists were able to restore some function , above right , to brain from slaughtered pig , in a study that raise profound question about the line between life and death .
 Late-night comedy : Several of the host were eager to see Robert Mueller ’ s report . Jimmy Kimmel said , “ Political analyst are going to try to read through these redaction like teenage boy trying to watch scrambled porn on cable in 1985 . ”
 What we ’ re reading : This piece from The Bulwark . “ It ’ s a compelling counterpoint to the idea that being gay and running for president isn ’ t a big deal in 2019 , ” say Jeremy Peters , our national political reporter . “ Tim Miller ’ s reaction to Pete Buttigieg kissing his husband onstage at a rally is a reminder that this is still very new . ”
 Cook : Use leftover to make salmon fried rice .
 Watch : Roxann Dawson ’ s faith-based film , “ Breakthrough , ” tell the story of a miraculous ordeal with an unassuming simplicity , our critic writes .
 Read : The Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer Robert Caro share insight into his craft in “ Working , ” which is new this week on our hardcover nonfiction and combined print and e-book nonfiction best-seller list . You can find all our list here .
 Go : The moment Adam Driver step onstage in “ Burn This ” is the most “ impressively violent Broadway entrance ” in 30 year , our theater critic writes .
 Smarter Living : The summer blockbuster season is near . Before you sign up for a movie subscription service like MoviePass , Sinemia or AMC ’ s A-List , check which work at the theater you go to most often . Be sure to read the term and condition , since service have cap on the number of film you can see , or limit on the number of showing you can attend .
 And we have recommendation on affordable , reusable stand-in for single-use plastic straw , spoon and container .
 Thailand ’ s king is Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun . That ’ s not his entire name , but that ’ s all we use in The Times .
 The leader of the Future Forward Party , which shocked the Thai military establishment in last month ’ s election by coming third in the popular vote , is Thanathorn Juangroongruangkit .
 Family name — a 20th-century innovation in Thailand — are constructed to be distinct , and that often mean extra syllable .
 If foreigner find Thai name to be a mouthful , so , apparently , do Thais , who use nickname in everyday life . Many people are called Lek ( Thai for small ) , Nok ( bird ) and Poo ( crab and , please , it ’ s pronounced more like “ boo ” ) .
 This writer ’ s younger son ha played soccer against an Ice , a Python and a Bar Code . A girl in our building is called DTAC , which is the name of a cellphone operator .
 But nothing compare with the full name for Bangkok . It start with Krungthep Mahanakhon Amon Rattanakosin Mahinthara Ayuthaya and continues for more than 40 syllable .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford , Chris Harcum and Kenneth R. Rosen for the break from the news . Hannah Beech , our Southeast Asia bureau chief , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is the second of a two-part series on abortion.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Toss in the trash ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The Times ha more than 30 international bureau . More than a few have cat .
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We ’ re covering President Trump ’ s reversal of a longtime U.S. policy in the Middle East and a delay in Britain ’ s departure from the European Union . It ’ s also Friday , so there ’ s a new news quiz .
 Mr. Trump said on Thursday that the U.S. should recognize Israel ’ s authority over the long disputed Golan Heights , overturning decade of American policy in the Middle East .
 Mr. Trump ’ s announcement on Twitter came after persistent pressure from the Israeli prime minister , Benjamin Netanyahu , an ally who is fighting for his political life with an election scheduled for next month . While popular in Israel and among some U.S. lawmaker , Mr. Trump ’ s decision is likely to be condemned almost everywhere else .
 Catch up : The United Nations ha rejected Israel ’ s occupation of the Golan Heights since 1967 , when Israeli troop seized the 400 square mile from Syria during the Arab-Israeli War . Here ’ s a brief history of the dispute .
 What ’ s next : Practically speaking , Mr. Trump ’ s announcement doesn ’ t change much , a the status of the Golan Heights is not under negotiation , and there ’ s no expectation that Israel will withdraw . But symbolically , the decision shake up a debate that ha changed little since the 1970s .
 European Union official agreed on Thursday to extend the deadline for Britain ’ s withdrawal from the bloc until May 22 , a long a Prime Minister Theresa May can persuade Parliament to accept her plan for doing so . If she can ’ t — and lawmaker have already rejected her proposal twice — the deadline would be moved up to April 12 .
 The agreement effectively averted a disorderly and chaotic departure at the end of next week , yet such a break remains a possibility .
 What ’ s next : Neither side want Britain to leave without a deal . European Union official said they remained open to a longer delay but that it would require Britain to participate in European Parliament election — something that Mrs. May ha said would be an absurdity .
 A week after the terrorist attack on two mosque that left 50 people dead , mourner from around the world gathered in Christchurch , New Zealand , today to share the Muslim call to prayer and two minute of silence .
 “ This terrorist sought to tear our nation apart with an evil ideology that ha torn the world apart — but instead we have shown that New Zealand is unbreakable , ” said Imam Gamal Fouda of Al Noor Mosque , one of the two attacked .
 Related : In addition to announcing a ban on the type of weapon used in the shooting , Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern ha pledged to hold social medium company accountable for letting hateful speech thrive on their platform . As of Thursday , at least two people have been charged in New Zealand with spreading the killer ’ s video of part of the attack .
 The Daily : Today ’ s episode is about the speed with which New Zealand planned change to it gun law after the attack .
 The country ’ s national airline said today that it had asked to cancel an order of 737 Max 8 jet . It is the first publicly confirmed attempt to stop a deal since the plane were involved in two deadly crash .
 A spokesman for the carrier , Garuda Indonesia , said that it passenger had lost confidence in the model . But he acknowledged that it would be difficult to cancel a signed agreement .
 Garuda ’ s deal wa for 49 plane , and estimated to be worth $ 4.9 billion . A Boeing spokesman declined to comment .
 Another angle : Relatives of those killed when another airline ’ s Max 8 crashed in Indonesia say the airline tried to buy their silence with a deal that would also protect Boeing .
 Small country , corporation and wealthy individual have a new weapon at their disposal : privatized spying through company that hire former intelligence operative .
 A monthslong Times investigation found that the firm have enabled government to hack not only terrorist group and drug cartel , but also activist and journalist . Saudi Arabia , for instance , ha used the Israeli firm NSO , pictured above , to track dissident .
 U.S. casualty in Afghanistan : Two U.S. service member were killed in northern Afghanistan today , bringing to four the American combat death in the country this year , Afghan and American official said .
 Cyclone ’ s aftermath : As floodwaters receded in Mozambique , people with very little before the storm found that they had even le . Here ’ s information about how to help people in southern Africa .
 U.S. flood warning : Nearly two-thirds of the lower 48 state will have an elevated risk of flooding until May , federal scientist have said . The Midwest ha already confronted record-breaking late-winter flood .
 Deadly blast in China : An explosion that killed at least 47 people at a chemical factory ha raised fear of poison spreading in the air and water .
 Free speech on campus : President Trump ha signed an executive order that link some higher education fund to how college enforce speech right , a move endorsed by conservative who say their voice have been silenced .
 Perspective : In an Op-Ed , James Comey , the former F.B.I . director , discus what he would like to see in the special counsel ’ s report .
 Snapshot : Above , Holi celebration in Amritsar , India , on Thursday . The Hindu festival mark the arrival of spring .
 N.C.A.A . basketball : Day 1 of the men ’ s tournament had scare but no dramatic upset . Here ’ s the schedule for Day 2 , a well a a look at the woman ’ s tournament , which start today .
 News quiz : Did you follow the headline this week ? Test yourself .
 Modern Love : In this week ’ s column , a woman wonder if traditional romance is a trap , and find that the ordinary is the most romantic gesture of all .
 Late-night comedy : Seth Meyers is getting impatient for a certain former vice president to announce he ’ s running for president : “ Joe Biden is the kid you played hide and seek with who would hide behind a sheer curtain . We see you . ”
 What we ’ re reading : This essay in The New Yorker . Alisha Haridasani Gupta , a member of the briefing team , say : “ Emilia Clarke play Daenerys Targaryen , one of the strongest , most compelling character in the ‘ Game of Thrones ’ series . Here , she reveals how through most of that era , she wa struggling offscreen with near-death experience from two aneurysm . ”
 Cook : Drizzle tahini dressing on a bread salad with roasted squash .
 Listen : Holly Herndon ’ s “ Eternal ” is a propulsive a it is disorienting , writes Jon Pareles .
 Watch : We have idea on what to stream based on how much time you have .
 Go : Martinique offer Caribbean warmth with French accent .
 Smarter Living : After one of our reporter described a week of plastic-free shopping , reader wrote in with more tip : reuse rather than toss plastic cutlery , keep a coffee mug and a water bottle at your desk , and find new us for yogurt container , like painting or composting .
 We also have a checklist to help you avoid screen-share disaster , and the cautionary tale of an extreme example .
 What do lichen and politics have in common ?
 As you may remember from chemistry class , a litmus test determines a solution ’ s relative acidity . But the phrase is also used metaphorically to refer to a character-defining political issue , and it ha been popping up in coverage of the race for the Democratic presidential nomination .
 The chemical test , in use since the Middle Ages , employ a dye derived from lichen to determine whether a solution is more acidic or alkaline .
 The political application of the phrase appeared in The Times at least a early a 1950 , when it described NATO and the Marshall Plan a “ the litmus test for distinguishing between Communists and supporter of the United States . ”
 This year , “ litmus test ” ha appeared in The Times to refer to marijuana legalization , the proposed border wall and universal health care .
 This week is the Times Magazine ’ s special Voyages Issue , featuring the travel guru Rick Steves , who want to set you free .
 Enjoy the weekend . See you next time .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford , James K. Williamson and John Dorman for the break from the news . Chris himself wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about New Zealand ’ s weapon ban.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Lead-in to X , Y or Z ( 3 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • Frank Sinatra wa a lifelong fan of The Times crossword puzzle and became a pen pal of our third puzzle editor , Eugene T. Maleska .
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We ’ re covering the aftermath of the arrest of the WikiLeaks founder , a flurry of news from outer space , and Uber ’ s coming public offering . And it ’ s Friday , so there ’ s a new news quiz .
 The indictment against the WikiLeaks founder that wa unsealed on Thursday make no mention of his website ’ s role in Russia ’ s interference in the 2016 election , so it remains unclear whether his arrest will answer lingering question .
 Among them is what , if anything , Mr. Assange knew about Guccifer 2.0 , a hacker whom U.S. official have identified a a front for Russian operative .
 Mr. Assange , bearded and bedraggled , wa dragged from the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , where he had been sheltered since 2012 . He wa charged in the U.S. with conspiring to hack into a Pentagon computer network , a part of the process that brought WikiLeaks a trove of classified U.S. material in 2010 . The narrow indictment wa a relief to some of those who feared a case against Mr. Assange could undermine press freedom . We explained those concern .
 Closer look : From his beginning a a teenage hacker in Australia , Mr. Assange ha been a deeply divisive figure . Two of our reporter traced his history .
 What ’ s next : Mr. Assange indicated that he would fight extradition , and legal expert said that the process could take year . He is likely to argue that the case is politically motivated .
 President Omar Hassan al-Bashir lost his 30-year grip on the country on Thursday , after month of street demonstration .
 But protester ’ jubilation wa tempered by uncertainty about what might replace Mr. al-Bashir , 75 . The military said it would lead a two-year transition , with Sudan ’ s Constitution suspended .
 Background : Mr. al-Bashir had long played up his humble origin , but even for an autocrat , he had a low reputation in the West . The International Criminal Court ha accused him of playing “ an essential role ” in the genocide in the western region of Darfur in the 2000s . Military official said today that they had no intention of extraditing Mr. al-Bashir and that he would be tried in Sudan .
 Quotable : “ He ’ s like the spider at the center of the web — he could pick up on the smallest tremor , then deftly use his personalized political retail skill to manage the politics of the army , ” one Sudan expert said .
 Scott Kelly , who spent 340 day on the International Space Station , experienced genetic mutation and decline in cognitive test score . NASA reported the finding on Thursday , offering a hint at how space travel affect the body .
 Mr. Kelly ’ s twin brother , Mark , himself a former astronaut , underwent identical test on Earth to provide a comparison . Here are four takeaway from the study .
 Yesterday : An Israeli moon lander appeared to have crashed . It would have been the first private spacecraft to reach the lunar surface . Separately , SpaceX successfully launched it Falcon Heavy rocket , now the most powerful in the world , for the second time .
 Another angle : Capturing the first image of a black hole required the work of more than 200 researcher . About 40 were woman , and one , Katie Bouman , became a face for the project .
 Before what ’ s expected to be the largest initial public offering in year , the ride-hailing service said on Thursday that it had lost $ 1.8 billion last year , renewing question about the sustainability of it business . The company ’ s prospectus also showed a slowdown in revenue growth .
 The detail : Uber ’ s main rival in North America , Lyft , went public last month and appears to be growing faster . Here ’ s how the company stack up .
 Another angle : The I.P.O. , expected next month , could value Uber around $ 100 billion . Many stand to get rich , although not most of the driver integral to Uber ’ s success .
 “ Fortress North America ” is a concept that ha long comforted military planner in the U.S. and Canada . In the worst case , distance , ocean and ice would offer protection .
 The ice is now melting . But the cold remains a formidable challenge , a two Times journalist found when they embedded with military force readying to counter Russia .
 Plan for “ sanctuary city ” : The White House considered releasing apprehended migrant into so-called sanctuary city represented by Democratic lawmaker , according to people familiar with the proposal . The idea wa rejected by the immigration authority .
 New charge for Michael Avenatti : Already facing claim of fraud and extortion , the lawyer known for representing the porn star Stormy Daniels wa accused by federal prosecutor on Thursday of stealing million from client and lying about his income .
 Ex-Obama aide is indicted : Gregory Craig ha been charged with lying to the Justice Department and hiding information about his work for the government of Ukraine .
 Arrest in church fire : The 21-year-old son of a sheriff ’ s deputy ha been charged after three predominantly black church in Louisiana were set ablaze .
 Disney ’ s streaming service : The company ha offered long-awaited detail about it plan to fight the tech giant that have moved into the entertainment business . Disney Plus , a subscription video service , will cost $ 7 a month and arrive on Nov. 12 .
 Perspective : The Department of Energy want to roll back efficiency standard for light bulb . The bulb ’ s inventor , Thomas Edison , wouldn ’ t approve , two of his great-grandchildren write in an Op-Ed .
 Snapshot : Above , the funeral procession for the rapper Nipsey Hussle in Los Angeles on Thursday . Thousands of mourner , including Stevie Wonder and Snoop Dogg , gathered for a bittersweet memorial to the local hero , who wa fatally shot last month .
 News quiz : Did you follow the headline this week ? Test yourself .
 Modern Love : In this week ’ s column , a woman reach 50 and decides to donate a kidney , secretly .
 Late-night comedy : Seth Meyers had some advice for Michael Avenatti : “ When you rip people off you got ta play it cool with the money . You ’ re like the guy who buy a Ferrari and asks for the vanity plate ‘ BNK RBBR . ’ ”
 What we ’ re reading : This essay in The Atlantic . “ The writer , Caitlin Flanagan , wa once an unhappy college counselor at a private school in Los Angeles , ” say Lynda Richardson , an editor for Travel . “ She ’ s uniquely equipped to dissect the parental behavior in the college cheating scandal . Entitlement doesn ’ t even begin to cover what she find in the court document . ”
 Cook : This rainbow sprinkle cake doesn ’ t need a special occasion .
 Watch : Alex Ross Perry ’ s new feature , “ Her Smell , ” focus on an all-female band ’ s lead singer ( a raw , charismatic Elisabeth Moss ) a she run off the rail .
 Listen : The composer George Crumb turn 90 this year . The Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center is presenting two concert in tribute , but , if you can ’ t make those , we have a Spotify playlist of his composition .
 Read : In “ Horizon , ” the environmentalist Barry Lopez reconstructs decade ’ worth of his observation of the natural world . It ’ s one of eight new book we recommend .
 Smarter Living : Your lawn ha an environmental impact . To reduce it , try low-maintenance ground cover , like clover , creeping thyme or native plant — but take care to avoid invasive one . Whatever you plant , avoid pesticide and aerate the soil instead .
 And we have guidance on how to go paperless on tax record , securely .
 Want to go to a party tonight ? You could say yes , but you could also say “ Poyekhali ! ” ( poe-YEK-hoe-lee ) . That ’ s “ Let ’ s go ! ” in Russian .
 That ’ s what the cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin radioed to controller during liftoff for the world ’ s first human spaceflight , 58 year ago today . The term will be bandied around the world this evening , in Yuri ’ s Night celebration .
 The Soviet Union commemorated the flight by establishing Cosmonautics Day , which ha been celebrated since with parade and space-themed event .
 The hipper Yuri ’ s Night began in the U.S. in 2000 , with raf and party for scientist . It caught on . The crew of the International Space Station sometimes sends greeting .
 Parties are planned on at least five continent , including at a research station in Antarctica .
 Loretta Hidalgo Whitesides , a writer , public speaker and spaceflight proponent who founded Yuri ’ s Night with her husband , urge partyers to “ have a beer with a rocket scientist . ”
 That ’ s it for this briefing .
 The weekend is coming ( a is the “ Game of Thrones ” premiere ) . Enjoy .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . Andrew Kramer , our Moscow correspondent , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about Israel ’ s election , a seen by a young Palestinian.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Fruit sometimes added to salsa ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • Dennis Overbye , the cosmos correspondent for The Times , answered reader ’ question on black hole and his life a a science reporter on Reddit .
 An earlier version of this briefing misstated the name of the rocket that SpaceX tested successfully for the second time on Thursday . It is the Falcon Heavy , not the FalconX .
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Stephen Castle and Ellen Barry
 LONDON — Prime Minister Theresa May on Tuesday suffered a humiliating defeat over her plan to withdraw Britain from the European Union , thrusting the country further into political chaos with only 10 week to go until it is scheduled to leave the bloc .
 The 432-to-202 vote to reject her proposal wa the biggest defeat in the House of Commons for a prime minister in recent British history . And it underscore how comprehensively Mrs. May ha failed to build consensus behind any single vision of how to exit the European Union .
 Now faction in Parliament will offer their own proposal — setting off a new , unpredictable stage in Brexit , the process of withdrawing from the bloc .
 “ She ha completely lost control of the process , and her version of Brexit must now be dead , if she loses by 230 vote , ” said John Springford , deputy director of the Center for European Reform , a London-based research institute .
 Negotiating the withdrawal from the European Union — which 52 percent of British voter , or 17.4 million people , supported in a referendum in 2016 — ha been Mrs. May ’ s single focus since she became prime minister , displacing social problem like housing and health care .
 The basic of Brexit , the troubled plan for Britain to quit the European Union .
 But her failure to convey any convincing vision of Britain ’ s future outside the European Union ha allowed painful division in the country to deepen .
 And it ha created a risk that Britain will exit the 28-nation European bloc with no deal , which analyst have warned could tip Britain into recession and trigger shortage of food , medicine and electricity because of constraint on trade .
 Mrs. May ’ s plan would ultimately have given Britain ’ s government power over immigration from Europe , and would have kept Britain in the European Union ’ s custom and trade system until at least the end of 2020 while a long-term pact is negotiated .
 Immediately after the vote against her proposal , the Labour Party leader , Jeremy Corbyn , citing the “ sheer incompetence of this government , ” called for a vote of no confidence in Mrs. May , which will be debated on Wednesday .
 That could in theory lead to a general election , but few analyst said they thought he could muster the necessary vote .
 European Union official , who have been waiting for Britain to resolve it plan , were muted in an official statement , though exasperated on Twitter .
 “ If a deal is impossible , and no one want no deal , then who will finally have the courage to say what the only positive solution is ? ” Donald Tusk , the president of the European Council , wrote in a Twitter post .
 Jean-Claude Juncker , the president of the European Commission , said on Twitter : “ I urge the U.K. to clarify it intention a soon a possible . Time is almost up . ”
 Before the vote , Mrs. May and her supporter were urging lawmaker in both the Conservative and Labour Parties to resolve the stalemate and back her plan , saying that a vote in favor would put country before party .
 In her final appeal in Parliament , Mrs. May , a Conservative , impressed on lawmaker the importance of the vote facing them .
 “ The responsibility on each and every one of u at this moment is profound , ” she said , “ for this is a historic decision that will set the future of our country for generation . ”
 Like most others , though , the prime minister had no easy answer about the way forward . She ha signaled that she will appeal to the European Union in Brussels for more concession and try again to win parliamentary approval , but the bloc is unlikely to grant her any concession unless she ha a convincing new plan .
 Nobody know , really . But these are the likeliest scenario .
 After the vote , Mrs. May said she would allow member of Parliament to debate the various Brexit plan being bandied about .
 Mr. Springford of the Center for European Reform said that if Parliament coalesced around a clear proposal for the future , Mrs. May could try to negotiate such a result with the European Union .
 But to win Labour Party support , any new proposal would likely be a so-called softer Brexit that would keep closer economic tie to the European Union .
 Mr. Corbyn would then be on the spot , forced to decide whether to work with Mrs. May on Brexit or bow to pressure from within his party for a second referendum .
 “ I think it ’ s now between a softer Brexit and a second referendum , ” Mr. Springford said .
 Still , with no consensus behind any one path , and a vanishing window for further negotiation , more radical solution are rising to the fore .
 One group of lawmaker is campaigning for a repeat referendum , which could potentially reverse the decision to leave the European Union . Another favor leaving the bloc a planned on March 29 without a withdrawal agreement , a so-called hard Brexit .
 Mrs. May had expected to lose Tuesday ’ s critical vote , having lost the support of many of her own lawmaker . But her surrogate scrambled up to the moment of the vote to rally lawmaker to her side in hope of keeping the margin of loss narrow enough . That would have allowed her to try again for parliamentary approval .
 Before the vote , the attorney general , Geoffrey Cox , raked his eye over the backbench of the Commons and rebuked Parliament , in a booming voice , for contemplating a sudden and unregulated end to 45 year of integration with Europe .
 Exhorting his fellow Conservatives to get behind Mrs. May ’ s plan , Mr. Cox asked : “ What are you playing at ? What are you doing ? You are not child in the playground . You are legislator , and it is your job . We are playing with people ’ s life . ”
 He continued , rolling his Rs in theatrical fashion , “ Do we opt for order ? Or do we choose chaos ? ”
 The environment secretary , Michael Gove , wa equally dramatic in a morning radio interview , warning lawmaker that “ if we don ’ t vote for this deal tonight , in the word of Jon Snow , winter is coming , ” a reference to “ Game of Thrones . ”
 But critic of the deal were equally adamant , saying Mrs. May had emerged from two year of negotiation with an agreement that satisfied no one .
 Dominic Raab , who stepped down a Mrs. May ’ s Brexit secretary in November , described her agreement a “ wracked with self-doubt , defeatism and fear . ”
 “ This deal before u can ’ t end the grinding process — it can only prolong it , ” Mr. Raab said . “ It would torment u and our European neighbor for the foreseeable future . ”
 Under normal circumstance , a British prime minister would be expected to resign after losing a vote on a flagship policy . But the Brexit process ha so unsettled political convention that Mrs. May could survive to make revision and pitch her deal again .
 In December , Mrs. May survived a leadership challenge in her own Conservative Party and , under it rule , is safe from another until the end of the year .
 “ We have been in extraordinary circumstance , ” said Nikki da Costa , a former director of legal affair at 10 Downing Street . “ Things that in normal time would not be considered survivable have become normalized . What the government would be looking for is a pathway through this . ”
 Ms. Da Costa predicted : “ We will be doing this again in a couple of week ’ time . ”
 Philip Cowley , a professor of politics at Queen Mary University of London , said he wa struggling to identify a comparable defeat in the history of British politics .
 “ When you ask me for a historical benchmark , I can ’ t find any example , ” Mr. Cowley said .
 Steven Erlanger and Milan Schreuer contributed reporting from Brussels .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 New York Today
 By Azi Paybarah
 [ Want to get New York Today by email ? Here 's the sign-up . ]
 It ’ s Tuesday — Who are you taking to watch the State of the Union speech tonight ?
 Alternate-side parking : Suspended today for the Lunar New Year , back in effect tomorrow .
 Yes , we ’ ve gone from the freezing cold to iced-coffee weather in a New York minute .
 But no , this is not an immediate sign of the end of day .
 Yesterday the temperature hit 61 degree . Today it ’ s expected to do the same . That ’ s quite a change from the polar vortex that passed through last week , bringing near-zero reading .
 For many people — particularly the folk who have to work outdoors — the warmth is a welcome reprieve . They don ’ t have to suit up in layer for work . For the rest of u , it ’ s so nice you could sunbathe on your fire escape or at a park .
 So , why the big change ?
 “ It wa just a different air mass , ” Carlie Buccola , a National Weather Service meteorologist , said of the polar vortex . “ Now we have a different air mass that is not originating in the Arctic , so it ’ s warmer . ”
 This temperature whipsaw is “ not uncommon , ” she said . Same thing happened last winter .
 On Jan. 7 last year , it wa 5 degree . Five day later , the mercury hit 61 .
 The downside of these sudden jump ( aside from wardrobe confusion ) : pothole .
 “ This week we ’ re looking at an increase ” — maybe 10 to 20 percent more new pothole than last week — said Joseph Carbone , the pothole chief of the city ’ s Department of Transportation .
 Mr. Carbone , who ha personally filled many pothole during his 33 year at the D.O.T. , said they are “ mainly driven by the freeze and thaw cycle . ”
 Water get into crevice , expands when it freeze and then thaw , leaving behind a larger crevice . Ride on top of that , and boom — you ’ ve got the making of a pothole . ( And it ’ s not just water that get into the crevice , but also “ melting agent ” like salt and sand . )
 Those agent “ also melt the ice underneath ” the road and “ create an additional cycle , ” Mr. Carbone said .
 So , go for a stroll , but don ’ t step in a pothole .
 Don ’ t plan to visit the Museum of Modern Art this summer . It ’ s closing for renovation that will put a new focus on work by woman and artist of color , my colleague Robin Pogrebin report . The result will shake up every gallery .
 Judge to visit troubled Brooklyn federal jail : A half-dozen other judge are also looking into the jail , where heat and power failed .
 MS-13 and a subway shooting : Police say the man they arrested after a shooting on a Queens subway platform wa a member of the Central American street gang .
 Resistance to Amazon : The Senate ha tapped a vocal critic of Amazon to sit on a state board that could kill the company ’ s expansion in the city .
 Takeaways from the El Chapo trial : Drug dealer like plastic surgery . Corruption in Mexico is worse than you think . And his drug cartel felt like “ Game of Thrones . ”
 Curtains for “ The Band ’ s Visit ” : The show that won 10 Tony Awards will end it Broadway run on April 7 .
 [ Want more news from New York and around the region ? Check out our full coverage . ]
 The mini crossword : Here is today ’ s puzzle .
 Slashed in the face : Before the attack , the victim said that her attacker “ said I wa pretty , then asked me if I wa scared. ” [ Daily News ]
 Foie gras ban ? A city councilwoman want to bar restaurant from serving it , and added , “ This is truly a luxury item. ” [ New York Post ]
 Goose chased : A goose that ran onto the subway track in Brooklyn wa safely removed . [ @ JeffWilen ]
 Remember when the Mona Lisa arrived at the Met ? It wa 56 year ago yesterday . [ Instagram.com/MetMuseum ]
 Outside job : An assemblyman worked for a consulting firm while in office before publicly declining the job . [ Politico NY ]
 Listen to live jazz at FourFiveSix in East Williamsburg . 7:30 p.m. [ Free ]
 Play ’ 90 “ Simpsons ” trivia at Gutter Bar . 7 p.m. [ Free ]
 — Derek Norman
 Events are subject to change , so double-check before heading out . For more event , see the going-out guide from The Times ’ s culture page .
 Today is the first day of the Lunar New Year . That ’ s a particularly big deal in New York City , which claim to have the largest Chinese population of any city outside of Asia .
 To celebrate , there are a number of festivity .
 Today , from 11 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. , is the Firecracker Ceremony and parade at Sara D. Roosevelt Park , by Grand Street in Chinatown .
 Also , from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. , there will be a child ’ s book reading , exhibition and workshop at the Museum of the City of New York . [ Suggested admission : $ 18 adult , $ 12 kid ]
 [ Our colleague in the Arts Section have a roundup with seven other event , including concert , dance performance and film screening . ]
 Feb. 17 is the Chinatown Lunar New Year Parade and Festival , starting at Mott and Canal Streets , at 1 p.m .
 This year : It ’ s the Year of the Pig , an animal that symbolizes wealth and fortune .
 The back story : The Chinese zodiac is represented by a dozen animal , each of which ha a unique personality .
 How did these animal come to be ? The zodiac ha it root in an ancient story . One child ’ s book that explains it is “ The Race for the Chinese Zodiac , ” which The Times reviewed in 2014 .
 According to that story , heaven and earth were ruled by the Jade Emperor , who held a competition : The first 12 animal to finish a race to cross a river would be rewarded by having a year dedicated in their honor . Large animal like the horse and the tiger easily made it across . Smaller animal , like the rat and the cat , hitched a ride on the back of the ox . As the story go , in the center of the river , the rat kicked the cat overboard .
 What doe that matter ? Well , 2020 is the Year of the Rat , and there is , sadly , no year of the cat , ever .
 Sarah Harrison Smith wrote in her Times review of “ The Race ” that “ what make the zodiac different from many such story , however , is that bad behavior — like Rat ’ s — isn ’ t penalized . Cat loses his place in the zodiac despite being the victim of Rat ’ s duplicity ; the Jade Emperor doe not intervene . ”
 It also explains why , to this day , cat hate rat .
 It ’ s Tuesday — be kind to the cat in your life .
 Dear Diary :
 I wa sitting in a terminal at La Guardia Airport waiting for a flight to Buffalo . The area wa hot , crowded and stuffy . People were sitting wherever they could .
 I dozed off . When I opened my eye I saw a nun sitting at a table across from me . She wa looking at me .
 “ I do not know what path to follow , ” she said .
 “ There are many path , ” I said . “ Just choose one . ”
 “ I don ’ t know why I am reading this book , ” she said .
 “ Because it is a distraction , ” I said . “ And we all need distraction . ”
 “ What should I do now ? ” she asked .
 “ Just put one foot ahead of the other , ” I said .
 And then my plane wa called .
 — Raymond Vegso
 New York Today is published weekday around 6 a.m. Sign up here to get it by email . You can also find it at nytoday.com .
 We ’ re experimenting with the format of New York Today . What would you like to see more ( or le ) of ? Post a comment or email u : nytoday @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We ’ re covering the push to limit exposure for the suspect in the New Zealand attack , the result of a Times investigation of President Trump ’ s long relationship with Germany ’ s largest bank , and a surprise in the N.C.A.A . woman ’ s basketball field .
 “ But he will , when I speak , be nameless . ”
 With those word , Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern of New Zealand said today that she would not say the name of the man accused of carrying out the attack that killed 50 people at two mosque in Christchurch . She said she wanted to deny him the attention he craves .
 Ms. Ardern also demanded that online platform like Facebook do a better job of controlling hateful content . Before the attack , the gunman published a manifesto to message board popular with white supremacist , and included a link to a page where live video of the shooting later appeared .
 Yesterday : The spokesman for the Islamic State ended nearly six month of silence in calling for retaliation over the mosque attack .
 The president and the German financial institution have had a long , symbiotic and , at time , troubled relationship . As investigator in New York and Washington scrutinize their deal , we looked into that history .
 Deutsche Bank gave Mr. Trump more than $ 2 billion in real estate development loan before he wa president , despite pushback from some at the bank . Once he wa elected , the lender went into damage-control mode , even telling Wall Street employee not to utter the Trump name .
 How we know : Deutsche Bank official have said that the lending wa the work of a single , obscure division . But interview with more than 20 current and former executive and board member contradict that narrative . Read four takeaway from our investigation .
 Response : A Deutsche Bank spokeswoman said , “ We remain committed to cooperating with authorized investigations. ” The White House referred question to the Trump Organization , a spokeswoman for which declined to comment .
 Promises to expand access to health insurance and to lower health care cost were critical to the party ’ s success in taking control of the House .
 But a they draft the legislation to fulfill those promise , lawmaker are divided , with many centrist Democrats opposing the concept of single payer , now called Medicare for all , that is favored by progressive .
 Closer look : Advisers for the Democratic primary field represent a more diverse and issue-driven generation .
 Yesterday : Senator Elizabeth Warren , a Democratic candidate , called for ending the Electoral College .
 The record flooding that ha killed at least two people is also a dire economic blow to farmer and rancher already weighed down by falling income , rising bankruptcy and the fallout from federal trade policy .
 Floodwaters began to ebb in some part of the Midwest on Monday , but farm group said recovery could take month or year .
 Quotable : One man in Nebraska , whose family ha farmed for five generation , said , “ There ’ s not many farm left like this , and it ’ s probably over for u too , now . Financially , how do you recover from something like this ? ”
 Explainer : The governor of Nebraska , South Dakota and Wisconsin have declared emergency , and Iowa ’ s governor ha issued a disaster proclamation . Here ’ s a look at the science behind the flooding .
 AIDS expert agree that , medically , the plan that President Trump announced in February to end the H.I.V . epidemic is sound . But the group most at risk includes gay and bisexual black men and transgender woman in the Deep South , and finding and educating them about the disease is rarely easy .
 Regi Stevenson , above , work at a clinic in Jackson , Miss. , that see the challenge every day .
 Michael Cohen investigation : Federal authority began scrutinizing President Trump ’ s former lawyer in 2017 , soon after Mr. Trump took office , according to record released today .
 Boeing chief speaks : In his first substantive public remark since one of his company ’ s jet crashed in Ethiopia , Dennis Muilenburg on Monday extended his condolence to the loved one of the 157 victim .
 Fourth Canadian official quits : The country ’ s top public servant ha stepped down , accused of improperly intervening in a corporate corruption case . The scandal ha besieged the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau .
 Attack in the Netherlands : The Dutch police said today that they were still considering terrorism a a motive for a deadly shooting on a tram in the city of Utrecht based partly on a note they discovered .
 New York school : Very few black student have been offered admission to the city ’ s highly selective public high school , adding pressure on official to improve integration .
 Snapshot : Above , meet the “ Flintstone House. ” The town of Hillsborough , Calif. , ha sued the owner to force the removal of dinosaur statue and other landscaping . “ It is one thing to spot this house when driving by on the freeway , ” a lawyer for the town said . “ It is a different thing to be a neighbor and see it all day , every day . ”
 C-Span anniversary : Forty year ago today , the network went live with it first broadcast from the House . We spoke with one of C-Span ’ s two chief executive about it legacy .
 N.C.A.A . basketball : For the first time since 2006 , Connecticut won ’ t be a No . 1 seed in the woman ’ s tournament . In another surprise , ESPN leaked the bracket hour early on Monday . ( Here ’ s a printable version . ) Baylor , Louisville , Mississippi State and Notre Dame will be the top seed when the tournament start on Friday .
 Late-night comedy : Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said that she had asked President Trump to express his “ sympathy and love for all Muslim communities. ” Stephen Colbert doubted whether that would happen .
 What we ’ re reading : This investigation by Kaiser Health News and Fortune . Christine Spolar , a former editor at Kaiser who is now the international business editor for The Times , writes , “ This stunning story is about how the system of electronic health record in the U.S. , with $ 36 billion in government money , ha failed u . ”
 Cook : Rigatoni with wilted green , bacon and a fried egg make a hearty pasta dinner .
 Watch : Before the final season of “ Game of Thrones , ” read our ultimate guide to the series .
 See : Festering becomes a highly dramatic — and kinetic — art when it ’ s Isabelle Huppert who ’ s stewing . See her in the Off Broadway play “ The Mother . ”
 Listen : The music strut while the lyric bristle in “ King James , ” from Anderson .Paak ’ s coming album “ Ventura , ” writes Jon Pareles .
 Smarter Living : We all have rival in our work life . But our closest competitor can be our greatest ally . Research show that athlete , for instance , enhance their performance when facing a rival . Building a supportive relationship with a competitor could elevate your performance further .
 Also , we have advice for avoiding the next real estate downturn .
 New Zealanders have lit candle , piled flower and stood vigil since two mosque were attacked in Christchurch last week , resulting in the death of at least 50 people .
 They have also performed the haka .
 The ceremonial dance originated with the Maori , the country ’ s indigenous Polynesian inhabitant . Warriors danced to intimidate opponent with grimace , chanting and aggressive posture . But there are also hakas of welcome and hakas for funeral .
 The form ha been embraced by New Zealanders of all origin , most famously by the national rugby team , the All Blacks . Many school have haka group , and a national competition is hosted every two year by one of the country ’ s iwi , or tribe .
 A variety of haka form have been performed for the Christchurch victim . For instance , a biker group , Black Power , used a warlike haka to express solidarity .
 Others performed one of the most famous hakas , “ Ka mate , ” a tribute to life in the face of death .
 Our 52 Places traveler ha filed his latest dispatch , from Wyoming and from Huntsville , Ala .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . Have a yabba dabba doo time .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . Andrea Kannapell , the briefing editor , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about the Boeing 737 Max.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Greek sandwich ( 4 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • Hundreds of reader responded when The Times asked parent and college applicant who have enlisted the help of a consultant why they felt the need to do so .
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 DAILY CROSSWORD COLUMN
 Don ’ t judge this Sophia Maymudes and Jeff Chen puzzle by it cover .
 By Caitlin Lovinger
 SUNDAY PUZZLE — The first thing I wa struck by when looking at today ’ s grid wa the distinctive pattern — it ’ s got mirror symmetry , not unknown on a Sunday , but uncommon and very much like a Rorschach test , at least to me ( for statistical comparison , there were three such Sunday grid last year ) . I see a teddy bear today , flexing it muscle . The second thing I noted wa the return of young Sophia Maymudes , whose extremely adorable debut last December is a must-do-next for whoever missed it ( especially if you saw some cute creature hidden in this grid like I did . Hint . )
 According to Will Shortz ’ s note from the print magazine , Jeff Chen set up the interesting grid , Ms. Maymudes did the interesting fill , and both wrote clue collaborating over 100 or so email . According to Ms. Maymudes ’ s note below , they were on separate continent for this entire production . This seems like a book proposal for a 21st-centry epistolary tale , given the context of today ’ s puzzle .
 There is a charming high-low mix of fill today that might have to do with the puzzle ’ s collaborative origin . I ’ d put POOP , TPS and NAPPY on one side , and ATRIA , DIJON and SERIF on the other , for a start . I didn ’ t know ROEG or NIETO and I got stuck at SILENT ES , ERRATA , SAGES , FLAT RATE and a few other spot .
 For young child , both constructor did a good job pulling from all era for their vernacular cluing — the one thing I saw that might nonplus wa OWE , a Venmo giveth , and Venmo taketh away . On the other hand , GARP , GANGSTER and TITO , among others , drew from the last century .
 5A : At some point I had all but the first letter here and popped in “ oink ” for this clue , “ Squealer. ” Sort of make sense , in my opinion , but it totally ruined 5D and slowed me down considerably since I didn ’ t know Johnny OLSON , either , right beneath this clue . An “ oinker ” could be a squealer , but a jailhouse FINK definitely is .
 57A : You ’ re doing this now , probably ! This clue reminded me of someone I know talking about her small child staring out of a window of her apartment , bored , and repeatedly swiping left on the glass in pursuit of interesting new content . On a regular browser , when you “ go through your window , ” you ’ re liable to SCROLL a screen or so .
 81A : If you had “ opal ” for ONYX at 67D this wa tough ; even after I got the “ x ” at the end , I first entered “ gore tex , ” maybe because it ’ s the middle of March and still 36 degree here . Much like this puzzle , in mid-March a SPANDEX swimsuit is tight , am I right ?
 12D : This ha to be one of the most famous song from a seminal band from the late ’ 70 and 1980s , and a soon a I got a few cross PUMP IT UP dawned on me , but those opening lyric rang no bell , which made this a certifiably tricky clue a far a I ’ m concerned . Check out Elvis Costello ’ s foot and ankle in this video and do not try this at home , jeez . They are hypnotic .
 34D : Maybe because of some of today ’ s theme subject , I took “ outgoing ” in this clue to mean shuffling off this mortal coil , so this clue wa completely mystifying . LOOPY refers to the big balloon letter that some people use , but in the era of typing and touch screen I find myself using this technique out of sheer clumsiness with a pen .
 52D : A terrific pun clue , “ Not go overboard , ” for riding the wave without a prop , like someone who BODYSURFS . I liked the visuals of this entry and it neighbor to the right , WIND FARMS .
 95D : I imagine this is a true stumper for a lot of u , although I had my eureka moment a while after I ’ d figured it out on the cross . It ’ s also a surprising debut — “ Tupac ” ha been in the puzzle many time but never by his full name or surname . Tupac SHAKUR , despite having been killed at the age of 25 , had created so much content that his estate ha indeed provided material for seven album , so far , since his death .
 Ms. Maymudes and Mr. Chen have mixed up our library today , swapping the dust jacket on biography and other book , creating appropriate but quirky new title for notable life story . There are eight biographical subject referred to in the clue , five across and three down , including the momentous ( Willie Mays , Archimedes ) , the mysterious ( Amelia Earhart ) and the marble ( Venus de Milo ) .
 Let ’ s take Venus at 92A a a first example . Arguably one of the most famous sculpture in the world , on permanent display at the Louvre and instantly recognizable by what she doesn ’ t have , this tall Classical figure wa originally discovered in 1820 on the Greek isle of Melos , in several piece . Supposedly , her upper limb were either never found , or deemed later fake and left on the island when she wa taken to France . So she bid adieu to more than her home — she embodies the spirit of Ernest Hemingway ’ s title , at least : A FAREWELL TO ARMS .
 ( As an aside , New Yorkers , there are three headless Venuses de Milo in Midtown , courtesy of Jim Dine . There may be more of these in other city , and it ’ s always nice to notice street art . )
 O.K. , let ’ s do a character out of fiction : Ebenezer Scrooge from “ A Christmas Carol ” at 23A . Not a nice guy and the last mean old skinflint we ’ d associate with a destructive-but-lovable Labrador retriever . Lo and behold , though , the ghost behind the triple haunting of Scrooge that turn him , er , a bit more lovable is Scrooge ’ s business partner Jacob Marley . So perhaps it ’ d be more of an autobiography , if you follow me , but the answer here , vi a vi Scrooge , is MARLEY AND ME , the 2005 best-seller by John Grogan about a dog ( who wa named after Bob and not Jacob , unsurprisingly ) .
 Are you still with me ? We can do the one that I found hardest , 4D , modern hero Thomas Crapper of the plumbing Crappers ( you can , today , purchase a toilet with the Thomas Crapper name proudly embossed on it tank ) . I knew this name and assumed that I ’ d seen it in the crossword , but it ’ s never appeared in our grid , in total or just by surname , so who know . I definitely didn ’ t have a handle on the quirky biography title called for in this game , and figured it out tentatively on cross — A GAME OF THRONES . Never watched the show but I ’ d somehow learned a few title in the series of book that inspired it , by George R.R . Martin , and none of them wa this — turn out the whole series go by that title , which make sense , like “ The Chronicles of Narnia ” or what have you . Perfectly fair .
 The rest of the theme answer were more accessible to me , and really entertaining . One wa kind of mordant ( 31A , Amelia Earhart ) ; one wa kind of highbrow ( 34A , Archimedes ) . I knew only the title for the Elvis pick at 110/112A , but that wa enough , it ’ s famous enough that I probably should have read it at some point . 13D , Willie Mays , is a lifelong favorite , on the other hand , and a wonderful choice . Walt Disney , at 43/44D , might a well have a biography by that name sitting on a shelf somewhere , honestly .

 Sophia Maymudes
 Jeff and I connected after I sent him a crossword I ’ d written about our other mutual passion : bridge . When we decided to try co-constructing , I sent him this theme . It ’ s one I ’ d been kicking around since a friend and I came up with the 23-Across clue/answer pair while solving a different puzzle , but I ’ d never found a set of theme answer I liked for a 15x15 . Jeff wa the one who suggested making a Sunday puzzle , which I ’ d never even attempted to create before , but Jeff wa great about helping me out when I got stuck , and I learned a lot .
 Thanks so much to Jeff for working with me on this puzzle and pushing me to make the grid the best it could possibly be . Ironically , even though we live in the same Seattle neighborhood , we ’ ve yet to meet in person — I wa studying abroad in Hungary during the entirety of this puzzle ’ s construction !
 Jeff Chen :
 Great fun to help Sophia develop this idea . She ’ s in college now , so doesn ’ t have that much time for crossword construction . But after she graduate , I think she could rise all the way to the top , if she decides to put more time into it .
 Subscribers can take a peek at the answer key .
 Trying to get back to the puzzle page ? Right here .
 What did you think ?
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Bruce Fretts
 [ What you need to know to start the day : Get New York Today in your inbox . ]
 Eric Newman , showrunner of the Netflix show “ Narcos : Mexico , ” sat rapt in the gallery on a recent day when Lucero Guadalupe Sánchez López , the former mistress of the Mexican crime lord known a El Chapo , tearfully testified in Federal District Court .
 “ I got lucky — it wa a really good day , ” Mr. Newman said .
 The drug conspiracy trial of Joaquín Guzmán Loera , known a El Chapo , began in November and Mr. Newman said it had been “ an amazing open book for us. ” He made a special trip to New York just to watch the proceeding in person . “ To hear these people talked about in the first person is remarkable . ”
 In reality , there have been many good day at El Chapo ’ s trial in Brooklyn — at least for those looking for scripted-material fodder . In 10 week of testimony , 56 witness for the prosecution have described nearly every possible detail about Mr. Guzmán ’ s Sinaloa drug cartel : the high-tech method used to traffic ton of cocaine , the gruesome murder the kingpin ordered and committed and the “ Game of Thrones ” -like dynamic within the organization .
 But the trial ha also uncovered the absurd . For example , during one of her two day of testimony , Ms. Sánchez said she had once accompanied the kingpin when he had eluded authority while fleeing naked through a secret tunnel .
 Just on that day of his visit , Mr. Newman heard how Ms. Sánchez had stamped kilo of marijuana with a heart and the number four , signifying her beloved Mr. Guzmán ’ s April 4 birthday , and about the time Mexican marine found plastic banana filled with cocaine in El Chapo ’ s hide out after a raid in 2014 .
 The material ha almost seemed beyond the imagination of any Hollywood writer .
 The story will certainly be fruitful for Mr. Newman ’ s show , whose first season premiered last year on Netflix . The series wa a follow-up to “ Narcos , ” which in three season chronicled the Colombian drug war of the 1980s and 90 and focused on Pablo Escobar .
 “ Narcos : Mexico ” detail the 1980s rise of the Guadalajara cartel , led by Miguel Ángel Félix Gallardo . Mr. Guzmán is a supporting character on the show .
 Tidbits from the trial could filter their way into future script for “ Narcos : Mexico , ” which ha not yet begun production on it next season . But that ha not stopped people associated with the show from doing some firsthand research .
 On Monday , Alejandro Edda , the actor who play Mr. Guzmán in the series , showed up at the courthouse to watch the day ’ s proceeding and instantly became part of the absurdity . After El Chapo ’ s lawyer told their client that the actor who played him on the show wa in the gallery , the kingpin turned around from his spot on the defense table , smiled and waved at Mr. Edda .
 “ I didn ’ t smile back . I wa just paying respect to him , ” Mr. Edda , who life in Mexico , said . “ I wa shocked in a way . He ha a very intense look . His eye say a lot . He ’ s a bit intimidating . ”
 Netflix ha already co-produced “ El Chapo , ” a Spanish language telenovela about Mr. Guzmán ’ s life that concluded in 2018 after three season . The streaming service also released “ The Day I Met El Chapo , ” a docu-series in which the Mexican actress Kate del Castillo recounted her role in helping to set up Mr. Guzmán ’ s interview with Sean Penn for a now infamous interview for Rolling Stone .
 But there still could be room for more El Chapo-themed project , given the wealth of material that ha come from his trial . Ms. del Castillo attempted to secure the right to Mr. Guzmán ’ s story for a movie , but Mr. Newman said such an arrangement would not be necessary .
 “ You don ’ t need life right for the most famous drug trafficker on the face of the earth , ” he said . “ The great thing about slander is you have to prove damage . What could you show El Chapo doing that he would say , ‘ Hey , you ’ ve gone too far . You ’ ve besmirched my good name ! ’ ? I ’ d like to see that trial . ”
 Mr. Newman said he heard from associate of Mr. Guzmán that the drug lord enjoyed the early season of “ Narcos. ” “ I don ’ t know if that ’ s good or bad , ” Mr. Newman said . “ But I believe we ’ ve never glorified these guy . They lead these incredibly stressful life being hunted and end up dead or captured on a roof . ”
 Tom Fontana , a producer of the TV crime drama “ Homicide : Life on the Street ” and “ Oz , ” said he could imagine a series based on one of Mr. Guzman ’ s lieutenant who have testified against him in the trial .
 “ El Chapo seems like the same guy at the beginning of the story that he is now . It ’ s not like he had a moment where he said , ‘ Oh , man , I ’ m a really bad guy , ’ ” Mr. Fontana said . “ Whereas a guy who wa in the middle of it all and ended up turning , that ’ s the story you ’ d want to do . ”
 Peter Tolan , who plumbed a Mafioso ’ s psyche for laugh in the script he co-wrote for “ Analyze This ” and “ Analyze That , ” envisioned a satirical take on the tidbit revealed in the trial that Mr. Guzmán wanted to write and direct his own biopic . “ There ’ s probably a ‘ Get Shorty ’ version where a fringe Hollywood producer get involved with this guy and see it a his meal ticket , ” he said , invoking the Elmore Leonard novel that spawned two darkly comic movie and a TV series .
 Mr. Tolan , Mr. Fontana and Mr. Newman all agreed Mr. Guzmán ’ s desire to direct his own biopic wa a bad idea . “ He ’ s a little too close to the material , ” Mr. Tolan deadpanned .
 Mr. Newman said El Chapo ’ s behavior in the courtroom gave him insight into the kingpin ’ s ego .
 “ It feel like a circus . He come in , and he ’ s blowing kiss to the courtroom illustrator , ” Mr. Newman said . “ He seems to be enjoying it . Either that or he ha no concept of what lie ahead for him , which is a close to certainly a you can get spending the rest of his life in a supermax prison . ”
 Of course , gangster have been figure of public fascination going back to the original 1932 “ Scarface , ” a fictionalized biopic of Al Capone . Mr. Guzmán fit squarely in that tradition . “ He ’ s this little dynamo , ” Mr. Newman said of the diminutive drug trafficker , whose nickname mean “ shorty. ” “ He ’ s like a Latin James Cagney character . ”
 Unlike Mr. Cagney in film like “ The Public Enemy ” and “ White Heat , ” though , Mr. Edda doe not play the lead role in “ Narcos : Mexico. ” The most recent season ended in 1985 when El Chapo wa still a soldier in the organization of Mr. Félix Gallardo , who is played by Diego Luna .
 His screen time could increase considerably in future season , however . “ At this point of our story , he ’ s a bit player , ” Mr. Newman said . “ But he will continue to rise within the cartel . ”
 The possibility of an El Chapo-themed spinoff ha not been ruled out . “ Every season of ‘ Narcos ’ is a spinoff in a way , ” said Mr. Newman . “ We ’ re in a constant state of spinoff , because that ’ s what the drug business doe , ” with it high body count .
 In any case , Mr. Guzmán ’ s story roll on in court and on screen . “ It ’ s just crazy — it go on and on until today , ” said Mr. Edda . “ No one could have planned this timing better . It ’ s perfect . ”



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 The special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , investigated Russian election interference , tie to the Trump campaign and possible presidential obstruction of justice . His report ha been released .
 By Peter Baker
 Mr. Mueller examined about 10 action by President Trump to determine whether he sought to obstruct justice but could not reach a conclusion . He found a concerted effort by Russia to interfere in the 2016 election , but established no criminal conspiracy between Mr. Trump ’ s campaign and Russia .
 The report detailed dramatic conflict within the White House . When Mr. Trump learned of Mr. Mueller ’ s appointment , he slumped in his chair and said : “ Oh my God . This is terrible . This is the end of my presidency. ” [ Read more excerpt and analysis from our reporter . ]
 Attorney General William P. Barr offered a strong defense of Mr. Trump and said he gave the president ’ s lawyer access to Mr. Mueller ’ s report “ earlier this week , ” before it wa released .
 While Mr. Mueller ’ s investigation is over , he reported that it ha spawned 14 spinoff inquiry .
 At a White House event for wounded troop , Mr. Trump claimed vindication to cheer from the audience . Democrats lashed out at Mr. Barr , and said it wa up to Congress to hold the president to account .
 Investigators examined about 10 episode in which the president may have obstructed justice , but Mr. Mueller said he could not reach a conclusion .
 “ The evidence we obtained about the president ’ s action and intent present difficult issue that would need to be resolved if we were making a traditional prosecutorial judgment . At the same time , if we had confidence after a thorough investigation of the fact that the president clearly did not commit obstruction of justice , we would so state . Based on the fact and the applicable legal standard , we are unable to reach that judgment . Accordingly , while this report doe not conclude that the president committed a crime , it also doe not exonerate him . ”
 Mr. Barr , however , opted to reach the conclusion that Mr. Mueller would not . “ After carefully reviewing the fact and legal theory outlined in the report , and in consultation with the Office of Legal Counsel and other department lawyer , the deputy attorney general and I concluded that the evidence developed by the special counsel is not sufficient to establish that the president committed an obstruction of justice offense , ” Mr. Barr said at a news conference before the release of the report .
 Mr. Barr said that he “ disagreed with some of the special counsel ’ s legal theory ” regarding obstruction but even accepting them found no basis for a criminal charge .
 Among the incident that the special counsel examined wa Mr. Trump ’ s decision to fire James B. Comey , the F.B.I . director , in May 2017 , and an attempt by the president a month later to have his White House counsel , Donald F. McGahn II , fire Mr. Mueller .
 He also looked at the president ’ s effort to hide detail of a Trump Tower meeting with Russians during the election and to pressure Jeff Sessions , then the attorney general , to reverse his decision to recuse himself from supervising the investigation .
 Mr. Barr said he would not stand in the way of Mr. Mueller testifying on Capitol Hill about his finding . “ I have no objection to Bob Mueller testifying , ” Mr. Barr said .
 The finding from the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , are now available to the public . The redacted report detail his two-year investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election .
 [ Get what you need to know delivered to your inbox every weekday morning . ]
 The last two year were filled with angry clash , outburst , threatened resignation and false statement a Mr. Trump reacted to the investigation .
 After saying that Mr. Mueller ’ s appointment would mean “ the end of my presidency , ” Mr. Trump turned on Jeff Sessions , then the attorney general , blaming him for recusing himself from overseeing the investigation . “ How could you let this happen , Jeff ? ” he demanded .
 The tension between Mr. Trump and Mr. McGahn , then the White House counsel , flared repeatedly . In June 2017 , Mr. Trump called Mr. McGahn from Camp David twice and told him to have Mr. Mueller fired for alleged conflict of interest . Mr. McGahn refused , saying he did not want to repeat the “ Saturday Night Massacre , ” when Richard M. Nixon ordered the firing of Watergate prosecutor .
 Mr. McGahn prepared to submit his resignation . He called Reince Priebus , then the White House chief of staff , and told him the president had asked him to “ do crazy shit. ” Ultimately , Mr. Trump backed off , but when The New York Times reported about the episode , he told Mr. McGahn to publicly deny it , which he would not do .
 Mr. Trump referred to Mr. McGahn a a “ lying bastard ” and said that if he did not deny the report , “ then maybe I ’ ll have to get rid of him. ” He did not fire Mr. McGahn , who left later that year .
 In his news conference on Thursday morning , Mr. Barr at time sounded like a defense lawyer , making no criticism of the president and instead offering an understanding interpretation of action that Mr. Trump ’ s critic have said amounted to obstruction of justice .
 [ Read Mr. Barr ’ s full prepared remark . ]
 In addressing obstruction , Mr. Barr said that the president had no corrupt intent and that his action seen a impeding the inquiry were a result of being understandably “ frustrated and angered by his sincere belief that the investigation wa undermining his presidency , propelled by his political opponent and fueled by illegal leak . ”
 Representative Jerrold Nadler , Democrat of New York and the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , said Thursday afternoon that Mr. Mueller ’ s report provided clear evidence that the president “ engaged in obstruction of justice and other misconduct ” that necessitated additional scrutiny by Congress .
 “ The responsibility now fall to Congress to hold the president accountable for his action , ” Mr. Nadler said .
 The House Judiciary Committee is the traditional home of impeachment proceeding , and Mr. Nadler did not rule them out , though he said such talk wa premature . He ha already opened his own investigation into possible obstruction of justice , abuse of power and corruption .
 Speaking to reporter in New York , Mr. Nadler wa sharply critical of Mr. Barr , saying , “ We clearly can ’ t believe what Attorney General Barr tell u . ”
 Senator Mark Warner , the top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said Mr. Barr “ fundamentally mischaracterized ” Mr. Mueller ’ s finding , adding that “ it is essential that Congress hear directly from the special counsel . ”
 Mr. Nadler said he would quickly issue a subpoena to compel the delivery of the full report and underlying evidence to his committee .
 Mr. Barr said he gave Mr. Trump ’ s lawyer access to the report early , which allowed them a chance to prepare their public defense .
 “ Earlier this week , the president ’ s personal counsel requested and were given the opportunity to read a final version of the redacted report before it wa publicly released , ” Mr. Barr said . “ The president ’ s personal lawyer were not permitted to make , and did not request , any redaction . ”
 Mr. Trump ’ s personal lawyer , Rudolph W. Giuliani , said he and three lawyer on the president ’ s legal team started reading the report on Tuesday night in a secure room at the Justice Department . “ We couldn ’ t take it out . We couldn ’ t photograph it , ” Mr. Giuliani said in an interview with Fox News on Thursday . He said he and the other lawyer each read the entire report and shared their thought with each other .
 [ Here ’ s what you need to know about the redaction and what they mean . ]
 Mr. Barr said he shared the report with Mr. Trump ’ s personal lawyer in accordance with the “ practice followed under the Ethics in Government Act , ” permitting those named in a report to read it before publication . However , that ha not always been the practice . In 1998 , the independent counsel Ken Starr declined to let President Bill Clinton or his lawyer read his report on the Monica Lewinsky case before he sent it to Congress .
 Mr. Barr said that the White House made no claim of executive privilege over any information in the report .
 At the news conference , Mr. Barr made sure to include Rod J. Rosenstein , the deputy attorney general , who first appointed Mr. Mueller . He also sent a letter to lawmaker saying that he would allow select congressional leader to see a full version of the report — without redaction except for grand-jury information .
 Federal prosecutor are pursuing 14 other investigation that were referred by the special counsel , according to the report .
 Of the 14 , only two were disclosed in the redacted report : potential wire fraud and federal employment law violation involving Michael D. Cohen , Mr. Trump ’ s former personal lawyer , and charge against Gregory B. Craig , the former White House counsel under President Barack Obama , who wa accused of lying to investigator and concealing work for a pro-Russian government in Ukraine .
 The other 12 referral were redacted because of concern that if detail were released publicly , they could harm continuing investigation .
 The special counsel also transferred 11 case to other federal prosecutor to be wrapped up , mostly involving defendant who are awaiting trial or sentencing .
 Mr. Barr provided an important qualifier to the determination that Mr. Trump and the Trump campaign did not engage in illegal collusion — not with the Russian government that stole the Democratic email , but with WikiLeaks , which published them .
 “ The special counsel also investigated whether any member or affiliate of the Trump campaign encouraged or otherwise played a role in these dissemination effort , ” he said . “ Under applicable law , publication of these type of material would not be criminal unless the publisher also participated in the underlying hacking conspiracy . Here too , the special counsel ’ s report did not find that any person associated with the Trump campaign illegally participated in the dissemination of the material . ”
 In other word , since WikiLeaks did not participate in Russia ’ s underlying hacking of the email , it action were no crime . Thus , any Trump campaign collusion with WikiLeaks could not be an illegal conspiracy .
 More than two year of criminal indictment and steady revelation about Trump campaign contact with Russians reveal the scope of the special counsel investigation .
 Mr. Trump responded to the report at an event at the White House for wounded troop , saying that it had vindicated him .
 “ They ’ re having a good day , ” he said of the troop . “ I ’ m having a good day too . It ’ s called ‘ no collusion , no obstruction. ’ There never wa , by the way , and there never will be . ”
 “ This should never happen to another president again , this hoax , ” he added .
 Even before the report wa released , Mr. Trump wa claiming victory and lashing out at investigator and his critic . He tweeted a photo resembling a “ Game of Thrones ” poster that depicted him staring into a cloud , saying “ No Collusion . No Obstruction . For the hater and radical left Democrats : Game Over . ”
 The tweet wa the latest of a barrage that the president posted starting early Thursday morning , long before the report wa released . He did not speak to reporter in the afternoon a he left the White House for Mar-a-Lago , his club in Florida .
 Vice President Mike Pence , perhaps the president ’ s most loyal defender , said Mr. Mueller ’ s report “ confirms what the president and I have said since Day 1 : There wa no collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia and there wa no obstruction of justice . ”
 Mr. Pence also said the special counsel investigation had the “ full cooperation ” of the White House . But despite the special counsel ’ s request , Mr. Trump ’ s lawyer would not let the president sit for an interview out of concern that the president would make a false statement and expose himself to criminal charge . Instead , Mr. Trump provided written answer to question .
 While attention focused on what wa in Mr. Mueller ’ s report , many in Washington were also looking at what wa left out .
 Mr. Barr made what he called “ limited ” redaction to the report , taking out information he deemed sensitive . More than a dozen page were fully redacted , or nearly so . Other page had section of text blacked out , including full paragraph .
 Much of the undisclosed material wa in the first section of the report on Russia ’ s interference in the 2016 election and it interaction with the Trump campaign . Far le wa scrubbed from the second part of the report , on whether Mr. Trump obstructed justice .
 Mr. Barr blacked out sentence or section that fit into four category : grand-jury testimony or evidence ; classified intelligence ; information that would compromise continuing investigation ; and detail that might harm the reputation or intrude on the privacy of “ peripheral third parties. ” The attorney general used different color through the report to identify which section were deleted for which reason .
 The phrase “ harm to ongoing matter ” came up alongside enough deleted material that it quickly become it own meme , inspiring the name of upcoming bar trivia team and imaginary punk rock band .
 Katie Benner , Nicholas Fandos , Michael S. Schmidt , Eileen Sullivan , Michael Tackett and Noah Weiland contributed reporting .
 Peter Baker is the chief White House correspondent and ha covered the last four president for The Times and The Washington Post . He also is the author of five book , most recently “ Impeachment : An American History. ” @ peterbakernyt • Facebook
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Editors ’ Choice
 Halfway through Black History Month , and who know how long into the latest news cycle involving politician and their explosive past , might we recommend a couple of appropriate book ? One offer historical context : Richard Gergel ’ s “ Unexampled Courage ” tell the true story of a black World War II veteran who wa blinded at the hand of a Southern sheriff , and examines how his case spurred a white judge to champion the civil right movement in it early day . The other offer Afrocentric escapism and fantasy : Marlon James ’ s best-selling new novel , “ Black Leopard , Red Wolf , ” draw on ancient myth and recent pop culture a it launch an epic tale about the fight for a lost kingdom . Either of those would be good reading for the rest of the month , or beyond .
 We also have a memoir about the hard work of cleaning other people ’ s house , a look at the AIDS crisis in India , a rigorous history of the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown , and the posthumous memoir of a young mother chronicling her fight against cancer . If all of that sound a little heavy — a person can take only so much gloom at once , after all , even a person who belief in facing the world head-on — then you might be inspired by Seth Fletcher ’ s account of the scientist who are working to photograph a black hole , or transported by Janet Malcolm ’ s characteristically crisp and wide-ranging cultural essay , or diverted by Karen Thompson Walker ’ s novel about an epidemic of sleep that descends on a California town . Read that one in bed , and we ’ ll see you next week .
 Gregory CowlesSenior Editor , Books
 MIDNIGHT IN CHERNOBYL : The Untold Story of the World ’ s Greatest Nuclear Disaster , by Adam Higginbotham . ( Simon & Schuster , $ 29.95 . ) To write his chilling new book , the journalist Adam Higginbotham spent a decade interviewing eyewitness and consulting declassified archive . He show how an almost fanatical compulsion for secrecy among the Soviet Union ’ s governing elite wa part of what made the reactor meltdown at Chernobyl not just cataclysmic but so likely in the first place . The book is filled with “ rich reporting and scrupulous analysis , ” our critic Jennifer Szalai writes . “ He reconstructs the disaster from the ground up , recounting the prelude to it a well a it aftermath . The result is superb , enthralling and necessarily terrifying . ”
 NOBODY ’ S LOOKING AT YOU : Essays , by Janet Malcolm . ( Farrar , Straus & Giroux , $ 27 . ) Janet Malcolm is well known for her slashing style and often withering criticism , but her new collection of review , profile and essay is a reminder that she is also a great champion . She writes here about the fashion designer Eileen Fisher , the concert pianist Yuja Wang , Tolstoy in translation , a favorite bookstore . “ What unites these piece is a mood — heavy , autumnal , nostalgic , ” our critic Parul Sehgal writes . “ There is stirring , beautifully structured writing here , particularly in the title essay , a profile of Fisher , which combine many of the writer ’ s signal interest — our unconscious aggression and the way we methodically and unknowingly recreate the world of our childhood in our adult life . ”
 BLACK LEOPARD , RED WOLF , by Marlon James . ( Riverhead , $ 30 . ) James , who call his new epic fantasy an African “ Game of Thrones , ” conjures the literary equivalent of a Marvel Comics universe in this novel ( the first of a projected trilogy ) about the search for a missing boy who may be heir to a fabled kingdom . “ Metamorphosis — of the sort made famous by both Ovid and Stan Lee — is one of the novel ’ s central theme , ” Michiko Kakutani writes in her review . James ’ s book , she add , is “ filled with dizzying , magpie reference to old movie and recent TV , ancient myth and classic comic book , and fused into something new and startling by his gift for language and sheer inventiveness . ”
 THE DREAMERS , by Karen Thompson Walker . ( Random House , $ 27 . ) In Walker ’ s second novel , written with symphonic sweep and generous attention to parent-child relationship , panic spread a swiftly a the sleeping sickness that ’ s paralyzing a small California town . “ Walker is clearly a preoccupied by the natural force and rhythm of new life a she is by the end of life , ” S. Kirk Walsh writes in her review . “ What happens when child are abandoned ? What transpires when unknown external force , like a sleep virus , provoke these separation ? Is anyone really up to the task ? Can anyone ever recover from the heartbreak of this kind of infinite love ? ”
 UNEXAMPLED COURAGE : The Blinding of Sgt . Isaac Woodard and the Awakening of President Harry S. Truman and Judge J. Waties Waring , by Richard Gergel . ( Sarah Crichton/Farrar , Straus & Giroux , $ 27 . ) Gergel ’ s riveting history examines a 1946 legal case that spurred the federal government to act in defense of racial equality at the dawn of the civil right movement . David Blight — whose biography of Frederick Douglass wa one of the Book Review ’ s 10 Best Books of 2018 — review Gergel ’ s book , calling it “ a revealing window into both the hideous racial violence and humiliation of segregation in the period immediately after World War II , and the heroic origin of the legal crusade to destroy Jim Crow . ”
 MAID : Hard Work , Low Pay and a Mother ’ s Will to Survive , by Stephanie Land . ( Hachette , $ 27 . ) In her unstinting memoir — a portrait of working-class poverty in America — Land scrape by on $ 9 an hour cleaning house to support herself and her young daughter . “ How well the underclass are forced to know their overseer . This state of affair is so ordinary , so unremarkable , people hardly mention it , ” Emily Cooke writes , reviewing Land ’ s narrative . “ Her book ha the needed quality of reversing the direction of the gaze . Some people who employ domestic labor will read her account . Will they see themselves in her description of her client ? Will they offer their employee the meager respect Land fantasizes about ? Land survived the hardship of her year a a maid , her body exhausted and her brain filled with bleak arithmetic , to offer her testimony . It ’ s worth listening to . ”
 THE UNWINDING OF THE MIRACLE : A Memoir of Life , Death , and Everything That Comes After , by Julie Yip-Williams . ( Random House , $ 27 . ) Written before her death last year from cancer at the age of 42 , Yip-Williams ’ s book is a remarkable woman ’ s moving exhortation to the living . “ This memoir is so many thing — a triumphant tale of a blind immigrant , a remarkable philosophical treatise and a call to arm to pay attention to the limited time we have on this earth , ” Lori Gottlieb writes in her review . “ But at it core , it ’ s an exquisitely moving portrait of the daily stuff of life : family secret and family tie , marriage and it limitlessness and limitation , wild and unbounded parental love and , ultimately , the graceful recognition of what we can ’ t — and can — control . ”
 AN INDEFINITE SENTENCE : A Personal History of Outlawed Love and Sex , by Siddharth Dube . ( Atria , $ 28 . ) Dube , an activist for H.I.V . patient in India , here recount growing up gay in a society that would not accept him . Confronted with the AIDS epidemic , Dube recognized it link to an “ essential longing for sex and love , and with being outlawed , shamed and persecuted. ” Reviewing it , Sonia Faleiro writes that “ although this is a personal memoir , it is also a memoir of work . Work helped Dube find himself . And work allowed him to live a life he could be proud of . It ’ s in combining his personal story with the ravage of AIDS he witnessed that Dube advance the genre of queer memoir in India . … Dube give his reader the substantial gift of hope . ”
 EINSTEIN ’ S SHADOW : A Black Hole , a Band of Astronomers , and the Quest to See the Unseeable , by Seth Fletcher . ( Ecco/HarperCollins , $ 26.99 . ) What doe a black hole look like ? The scientist Fletcher profile aim to produce the first real picture . According to our reviewer , Adam Becker , their quest is “ explained expertly and clearly by Fletcher , an editor at Scientific American , who carry the reader along on a journey of scientific triumph and bureaucratic nightmare , of abstruse physic and interpersonal politics , all the while conveying the visceral joy of research . … He ha a knack for deft , accurate explanation that are quick to read and easy to understand , with memorably vivid language . His excellent prose and a powerful story fuel this shining quasar of a book . ”
 Follow New York Times Books on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , sign up for our newsletter or our literary calendar . And listen to u on the Book Review podcast .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Edmund Lee and John Koblin
 The new AT & T is coming into focus .
 On Monday the company took a step closer to becoming something never before seen on the American corporate landscape — part telecommunication behemoth and part media-entertainment giant .
 The transformation started in earnest last June when AT & T , based in Dallas , ventured beyond it core business and muscled into New York and Los Angeles with it $ 85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner , the former home of HBO , the Warner Bros. movie studio , CNN and cable channel like TBS and TNT . Last week , the deal wa set in stone when the Justice Department , after losing a hard-fought appeal to block it , said it would no longer try to undo the merger .
 With this final green light , AT & T ha in recent day altered it leadership team with an eye toward reinvention .
 On Monday , the company named Robert Greenblatt , the former head of entertainment at NBC and Showtime , a the new chairman at Warner Media , a job that will give him oversight of Time Warner property like HBO , TBS and TNT . His hiring followed the resignation of Richard Plepler , the longtime chief executive of HBO , and David Levy , the president of Turner Broadcasting , the division that includes TBS and TNT .
 As part of it executive shake-up , AT & T — which gained 26,000 employee in the merger , giving it 268,000 worldwide — also promoted the CNN chief Jeff Zucker and the Warner Bros. studio head Kevin Tsujihara , both of whom will oversee bigger portfolio .
 John Stankey , an AT & T veteran who wa put in charge of Warner Media at the time of the acquisition , is the executive behind the move , which show that the company is serious about tearing up old way and putting it own stamp on it new property . The company ’ s two core business are both facing upheaval a tech company like Amazon , Netflix , Apple , Google and Facebook have become dominant player in both entertainment and distribution .
 “ If you don ’ t make a change , you ’ re not going to get any change in the product , ” Mr. Stankey said in an interview on Monday .
 Mr. Stankey ’ s assignment is to help AT & T beat out it traditional rival Verizon , T-Mobile and Sprint by offering not only service plan but also “ Game of Thrones ” and 24-hour news . At the same time , AT & T ’ s entry into the medium sphere will eventually allow it to compete in the streaming business against company it ha rarely done battle with before , including the Walt Disney Company , Comcast , Netflix , Amazon and others .
 He emphasized that AT & T didn ’ t want to muddy the brand within Warner Media , a group comprising HBO , CNN , TNT , Cartoon Network and the Warner Bros. film and TV studio .
 “ We just needed to get them to sing and dance differently and have them take different approach , ” he added .
 With the hiring of Mr. Greenblatt — who ha experience a a mainstream broadcaster at NBC and a a programmer of prestige cable fare at Showtime — Mr. Stankey belief he ha someone who can make Warner Media ’ s offering broadly popular , without losing their distinctive identity .
 “ There aren ’ t that many people who have both , ” Mr. Stankey said . “ He ’ s got the right track record . ”
 Mr. Greenblatt , who go by Bob , took over a chairman of NBC in 2011 , when the network wa in dire strait . Over his seven year , he brought NBC back from the dead with series like “ The Voice , ” Dick Wolf ’ s fleet of Chicago show and “ This Is Us. ” NBC , which he left in September , now regularly finish No . 1 among the advertiser-prized group of 18-to-49-year-old viewer .
 In a statement , Mr. Greenblatt said , “ I ’ m honored to be joining Warner Media during such an exciting time for the company and the industry a a whole , and I look forward to working alongside the many talented executive and team member across the company . ”
 While overseeing HBO and the like , Mr. Greenblatt will also manage the product that may be the most important of all , from AT & T ’ s perspective : Warner Media ’ s streaming service , which is scheduled to debut this year .
 AT & T on Monday announced a set of sweeping management change at WarnerMedia a the carrier prepares to debut a streaming service later this year .
 New role at WarnerMedia
 Robert Greenblatt
 Jeffrey Zucker
 Kevin Tsujihara
 Former head of entertainment
 at NBC and Showtime
 Current head
 of CNN
 Current chief executive of the
 Warner Bros. movie studio
 WILL CONTINUE IN THAT JOB ,
 AND HEAD :
 WILL CONTINUE IN THAT JOB ,
 AND HEAD :
 WILL HEAD :
 WarnerMedia
 Entertainment
 WarnerMedia
 News & Sports
 WarnerMedia Global
 Kids & Young Adults
 Includes HBO , cable network TNT , TBS and truTV , and the Direct-to-Consumer business .
 Includes CNN , Turner Sports , Bleacher Report and the AT & T Regional Sports Networks .
 A new division for family and kid programming including Cartoon Network , Adult Swim , Boomerang , Otter Media , Turner Classic Movies and licensed consumer product .
 New role at WarnerMedia
 Robert Greenblatt
 Former head of entertainment
 at NBC and Showtime
 WILL HEAD :
 WarnerMedia Entertainment
 Includes HBO , cable network TNT , TBS and truTV , and the Direct-to-Consumer business .
 Jeffrey Zucker
 Current head
 of CNN
 WILL CONTINUE IN THAT JOB ,
 AND HEAD :
 WarnerMedia News & Sports
 Includes CNN , Turner Sports , Bleacher Report and the AT & T Regional Sports Networks .
 Kevin Tsujihara
 Current chief executive of the
 Warner Bros. movie studio
 WILL CONTINUE IN THAT JOB ,
 AND HEAD :
 WarnerMedia Global Kids & Young Adults
 A new division for family and kid programming including Cartoon Network , Adult Swim , Boomerang , Otter Media , Turner Classic Movies and licensed consumer product .
 By The New York Times
 Online video ha become crucial to every medium business a customer cut their cable cord and go to the movie mainly for big-spectacle blockbuster . Netflix and Hulu are signing up million of new customer every quarter , and entertainment giant like Disney and Comcast plan to start their own service by the end of the year . Amazon is spending more on original show , and Apple plan to unveil it streaming effort , with new programming , this year .
 The appointment of Mr. Greenblatt allows Warner Media to speed up it plan for a streaming business , a process that wa hampered under the older structure , Mr. Stankey said .
 “ We had to put a bit of a Band-Aid organization on top of thing before we made this change , ” he said . “ Still , I think we ’ ve done a remarkable job with what we had . The new combined WarnerMedia will be much more successful filling in the gaps. “
 AT & T wa handcuffed until recently a it fought a lawsuit brought by the Trump administration ’ s Justice Department to block the merger . The company agreed to take a hands-off approach to it Turner division , which includes CNN and TNT , until the appeal wa concluded . AT & T beat back that challenge last week , giving the company free rein .
 Concerning the resignation of Mr. Plepler , who had been at HBO for 27 year , and Mr. Levy , who had spent 32 year at Turner Broadcasting , Mr. Stankey said , “ I wa disappointed but I don ’ t know that I wa completely surprised. ” He added , “ When you have someone who had a tremendous amount of autonomy , they tend to covet that . ”
 Mr. Stankey plan to be a much more active steward of Warner Media than it executive had anticipated , three people familiar with the new AT & T said . He ha started to consolidate advertising , distribution and production department across Turner and HBO , a well a some of the back-end function like human resource , accounting and technology . Those move effectively took away large chunk of matter once overseen by Mr. Plepler and Mr. Levy , the people said .
 In Mr. Stankey ’ s view , Warner Media needed to reorganize the TV network in a way “ where they could cooperate more together , ” he said , which meant that some top executive would have reduced role . He said his discussion with Mr. Plepler and Mr. Levy , which took place separately , never got far enough to explore what role they each might accept .
 Going up against Netflix and Disney will be tough . Mr. Stankey acknowledged that a household is likely to pay for just four or five of these service , and that AT & T will have to prove it worth to consumer .
 At a company presentation in November , he outlined three tier of online video service that have been in the work : an entry-level option centered on film ; a “ premium ” service that includes original television programming and film ; and a final product that includes both of those tier plus classic movie , comedy and child ’ s content . Under the plan , HBO would still be available a a stand-alone service .
 But it is unclear which Warner Media brand will be part of each tier or how each will be priced . Even the name of the video service remain a mystery .
 “ No news on that today , ” Mr. Stankey said on Monday .
 The lack of hard information on the streaming strategy ha frustrated executive within Warner Media , several people familiar with the internal operation have said . But some have wondered if the lack of communication wa the result of the Justice Department ’ s court challenge .
 Mr. Stankey acknowledged that his sometimes laconic approach might have baffled those inside the organization . “ I ’ ve read article out there saying that I ’ m not prone to flap my gum , and that may not be inaccurate , ” he said . But Hollywood , not used to such a reserved manner , might require him to open up more . “ I ’ m trying to find a middle ground on it , ” he said , adding that with the lawsuit behind them , he ’ ll be able to talk more frequently .
 As part of the reorganization , Mr. Zucker , the head of CNN , will also begin to oversee Turner ’ s sport operation . That includes the website Bleacher Report , a well a Turner ’ s deal with the National Basketball Association , Major League Baseball and the National Collegiate Athletic Association . With the job , Mr. Zucker get a new title : chairman of news and sport .
 Mr. Tsujihara , the chief executive of the Warner Bros. movie studio , will continue in his position and also take on what Warner Media described a a “ new global kid and young adult business. ” Children ’ s content is likely to be a critical part of the streaming service and represents a big part of Mr. Tsujihara ’ s portfolio .
 “ As the economics change , it ’ s becoming more and more important to align content value , consumer product and ad sale , ” Mr. Tsujihara said in an interview . “ It take a real need for deeper level of coordination across the different division . ”
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start with the bitterly cold weather in much of the U.S. and the new round of trade talk with China .
 It will be colder in the Midwest today than in Antarctica , and more than 50 million people from the Dakotas to Pennsylvania are under wind chill warning or advisory .
 Here are the cold , hard fact about the dangerously low temperature in much of the U.S. this week .
 In Australia , temperature reached 116 degree Fahrenheit last week in Adelaide . The country ha experienced drought for so long that some child have hardly experienced rain .
 While not all of these extreme event can be attributed to climate change , the profound change in the earth ’ s atmosphere raise “ the likelihood of a large number of extreme event , ” one scientist said .
 The detail : Our map show the polar vortex .
 Voices : “ I ’ m cold and I ’ m afraid. ” The lowest temperature are expected tonight , and homeless people are particularly at risk .
 North Korea is unlikely to give up it nuclear stockpile , and Iran isn ’ t trying to make a nuclear bomb , according to an intelligence assessment of global threat released on Tuesday . The report contradicts the rationale behind two of President Trump ’ s top foreign policy position .
 In testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee , top intelligence official detailed the biggest threat facing the U.S. , including cyberattacks from Russia and China , and movement like the Islamic State .
 This morning , Mr. Trump pushed back against their assessment and defended his own , giving more positive appraisal of the threat posed by North Korea and the Islamic State .
 Closer look : ISIS claimed responsibility for a deadly bombing in the Philippines over the weekend , highlighting the extremist group ’ s growing presence in Asia even a it struggle in Syria .
 News analysis : The divide between Mr. Trump — and his supporter — and the Republican establishment on foreign policy ha rarely been a stark a it is today , our chief White House correspondent writes . On Tuesday , Senator Mitch McConnell , the majority leader , introduced a measure denouncing the “ precipitous withdrawal ” of American troop from Syria and Afghanistan that the president ordered last month .
 The two day of trade negotiation that begin today in Washington could be critical to the future of the global economy . Here ’ s what to watch for .
 The two side face a March 2 deadline to reach an agreement — or the U.S. will raise tariff on $ 200 billion in Chinese import .
 Another angle : Patience is the likely theme today for the Federal Reserve , which is expected to leave it benchmark interest rate unchanged .
 A 14-year-old in Arizona discovered the software flaw that allowed iPhone user to eavesdrop on others ’ phone on Jan. 19 , more than a week before the company announced it wa working on a fix .
 The problem with the FaceTime app ha been branded “ FacePalm ” by security researcher , who said Apple should have known better .
 For you : Apple ha disabled the feature and said it would release a fix this week . Until then , here ’ s how to disable FaceTime .
 Yesterday : Faced with an economic slowdown in China and diminishing demand for new iPhones , the company reported disappointing quarterly earnings .
 The R & B star ha long been accused of being violent and sexually abusive toward woman and underage girl . In the week since the documentary “ Surviving R. Kelly ” aired , he ha been dropped by his record label and is being scrutinized by law enforcement .
 Those who have followed the case for year have a sense of satisfaction , but they ’ re also worried about their safety .
 Venezuela ’ s crisis : President Nicolás Maduro told a Russian news agency that he wa open to talk with the country ’ s opposition but rejected call for new election .
 Brexit challenge fails : Prime Minister Theresa May survived a vote on Tuesday that could have delayed Britain ’ s withdrawal from the European Union .
 Congo violence : Nearly 900 people may have been killed in the Democratic Republic of Congo last month , U.N. official said . Communal burial site and other graf were found after three day of ethnic violence .
 “ Empire ” actor is attacked : The police in Chicago are investigating an attack against Jussie Smollett , a star of the Fox TV show , a a possible hate crime . Mr. Smollett is black and publicly came out a gay in 2015 .
 Arrests in dam collapse : Five people were detained in Brazil a part of an investigation into the rupture at a mining complex that left at least 84 dead and hundred missing .
 Trump Organization : The president ’ s company said it would use the government ’ s E-verify system to weed out potential employee who are in the country illegally . The Times reported last month that a Trump-owned golf club in New Jersey had hired undocumented immigrant .
 El Chapo trial : The defense began it case at 9:38 a.m. on Tuesday . It ended at 10:08 a.m .
 Snapshot : Above , traveler at a train station in Beijing on Tuesday . Millions of people in China have begun the annual exodus for the Lunar New Year , returning to their hometown for the holiday .
 Late-night comedy : Stephen Colbert wasn ’ t happy about the polar vortex : “ The viral marketing for ‘ Game of Thrones ’ ha gone too far . We get it ! Winter is coming . ”
 What we ’ re reading : Vanity Fair ’ s look at the serial killer Bruce McArthur . “ For nearly seven year , the Toronto police dismissed suspicion that a serial killer wa preying on gay men in the city , ” writes Ian Austen , a Times correspondent who covered Mr. McArthur 's guilty plea on Tuesday . “ Zander Sherman ’ s article is perhaps the most comprehensive look at how officer tracked him down , and the rift that ’ s opened between them and member of the gay community in Canada ’ s largest city . ”
 Cook : This easy paella come together in just 30 minute .
 Watch : The final episode of “ Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt ” are now on Netflix . Ellie Kemper told u what she learned playing the zany main character .
 Listen : Phoebe Bridgers and Conor Oberst ( Bright Eyes ) have teamed up a Better Oblivion Community Center , suddenly releasing a full album . Electric guitar surge on the track “ Dylan Thomas . ”
 Read : The revival of the writer and filmmaker Kathleen Collins continues with a new collection of her writing , “ Notes From a Black Woman ’ s Diary . ”
 Smarter Living : Unfamiliar with podcasts ? Our podcast connoisseur recommends starting with the right app . There are many , but the easiest for iPhones is Apple Podcasts , and for Androids , Play Music .
 If you ’ re in a cold zone today , we have tip to help you prevail against frostbite and hypothermia . ( Also , keep your cellphone in a pocket . )
 What doe it really mean for something to be off the record ?
 Or on the record , for that matter ?
 When reporter talk to source , we try to establish ground rule in plain English . For example : Can we quote you by name ?
 But there is also a shorthand for these question , and our national political reporter Matt Flegenheimer offer a primer in our series Understanding the Times .
 If the conversation is on the record , then we can quote the source and use his or her name . That ’ s our strong preference — always .
 Off-the-record conversation are generally understood to be confidential . We can ’ t use anything for publication .
 ( Then there are background and deep background , where it get complicated . )
 “ Sources come to reporter for all sort of reason , ” Mr. Flegenheimer writes , “ many of them le than pure . ”
 But , he add : “ These exchange can have tremendous value . Many of our best scoop are the fruit of such encounter . And you can quote me on that . ”
 That ’ s it for this brrrrrrrriefing . Bundle up .
 — Chris
 Thank youInyoung Kang helped compile today ’ s briefing , and Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson provided the break from the news . Blake Wilson and Jennifer Krauss helped with today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about the Democrats ’ legislative priorities.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Talk up a storm ( 3 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The New York Times Manual of Style and Usage wa established in 1895 and continues to be updated . It codifies preferred language intended to make our journalism easier to read , while addressing question of ethic .
 Chris Stanford is based in London and writes the U.S. version of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a producer for the desktop home page and mobile site , helping to present The New York Times ’ s news report to reader . Before joining The Times in 2013 , he wa an editor and designer at The Washington Post and other news organization . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Aisha Harris
 Spoilers ahead .
 In the formative year of life , most of u learn the basic concept of human decency . Say “ please and thank you. ” “ Sharing is caring. ” The Golden Rule .
 Then we grow up , and a we encounter the world ’ s messiness and harsh reality it can be easy to forget what it mean to be “ good ” to others . Television ha excelled at reflecting ( and sometimes reveling in ) this moral slide , in the shameless narcissism of show like “ Seinfeld ” and “ You ’ re the Worst , ” in the emotional terrorism of “ Mad Men ” and “ You , ” and in the sociopathic criminality of “ Breaking Bad ” and “ The Sopranos . ”
 In the last several year , however , a few show have taken a different approach , one that unambiguously depicts adult stumbling to ( re- ) learn empathy and respect .
 Their lesson aren ’ t presented merely a arc following the natural progression of a character ’ s evolution from flawed to enlightened . Instead , in the mold of educational child ’ s show , human decency is the premise . Unlike in other series that explore the dark depth of human nature , the character in these show actively try to suppress their selfish and harmful impulse in way both minor and profound . At the very least , the people in their life ( and the show ’ writer ) are pushing them toward betterment .
 [ Sign up for our “ Game of Thrones ” newsletter for a rewatch guide for the first seven season . ]
 On “ The Good Place , ” which just wrapped it third season on NBC , Eleanor ( Kristen Bell ) and the rest of the gang have to own up to their poor action on earth in the afterlife , in hope of escaping eternal punishment in the Bad Place . HBO ’ s “ Barry , ” which return for it second season on March 31 , is built around a marine turned hit man ( Bill Hader ) who want out of the game but find himself unable to quit without hurting innocent people .
 For Nadia ( Natasha Lyonne ) , an East Villager with intimacy issue in the recent Netflix hit “ Russian Doll , ” the key to hacking her repeating time loop of death and resurrection is to be more selfless . In the most recent season of another Netflix favorite , “ BoJack Horseman , ” the titular self-destructive TV star ( voiced by Will Arnett ) must begin to make amends for the untold number of people he ha hurt — most of them woman .
 As is often the case in real life , change isn ’ t borne of these character ’ decision to suddenly live more honorably ; it is borne of self-interest in extreme circumstance . When Eleanor , a habitual liar and gleeful narcissist , first arrives in the Good Place , she belief she wa brought there by “ accident. ” She spends much of Season 1 working secretly to become a better person so she can earn her place before the neighborhood architect , Michael ( Ted Danson ) find out .
 With the help of her assigned soul mate in the Good Place , Chidi ( William Jackson Harper ) , a moral philosophy professor , Eleanor is introduced to ethical concept and slowly begin to develop positive habit . Notably , she admits the truth about her earthly behavior to Michael and the rest of the neighborhood , setting into motion the show ’ s interrogation of “ good ” act versus “ bad . ”
 Eleanor ’ s progress is essential to the story it creator , Michael Schur , ha crafted . As she continues to form real , healthy relationship and seek redemption , the premise of the show cleverly shift in Seasons 2 and 3 . The validity of the point system used to determine entry into the Good Place frequently come into question — even those who live their life perfectly will not make it to paradise , we learn in Season 3 — and so doe the cynical view held by leader of the Bad Place , that human are fundamentally incapable of being good .
 Moral evolution is embedded in the DNA of “ Russian Doll , ” too , though the lesson in kindness sneak up on you . What begin a a dark comedy with echo of “ Groundhog Day ” soon take a twist in Episode 4 , when Nadia meet Alan ( Charlie Barnett ) , an uptight depressive who is also caught in a loop reliving the same day over and over .
 Alan force Nadia to reckon with the idea that their fate is “ purgatorial punishment for being a bad person. ” Nadia — who self-identifies a someone who never stick out her neck “ for nobody ” — denies such a binary distinction between good and bad .
 But like Eleanor in “ The Good Place , ” Nadia unwittingly begin to adjust , a each new loop reveals way to do thing differently and change the trajectory of other people ’ s life . Her act start out small , but they have positive impact : In one example , she develops a special interest in a societal dropout who life in Tompkins Square Park ; at one point she track him down at a shelter and prevents someone from stealing his shoe .
 In the seventh episode , it ’ s implied that Nadia and Alan ’ s intertwined death cycle stem from her general disregard for others : When they unknowingly encountered each other in a bodega that first night , instead of helping Alan — who wa dangerously inebriated — Nadia ignored him , and he wound up killing himself . By the end of Season 1 , both Nadia and Alan ostensibly find a way to break their cycle ( and find inner peace ) , in large part by helping each other avoid repeating harmful mistake .
 The transformation of Eleanor and Nadia are driven by a sense of urgency and an end goal : to get to the Good Place , to end the traumatic cycle of death and rebirth .
 It ’ s not a clear what the end goal are for Barry and BoJack . But a with Eleanor and Nadia , their struggle to be better reveal the tension that can arise between act of outward self-improvement and the motivation behind them . A sudden change or a few good-faith action don ’ t mean much if you avoid accountability for your mistake .
 Barry ha been able to justify his work a a hit man by convincing himself he ’ s taking out “ bad guy , ” but in the second episode , he is faced with the aftermath of a kill for the first time : a grieving father .
 He insists it is Fuches , his handler and family friend , who made him who he is , and that he ’ s capable of doing the right thing . Barry isn ’ t quite ready to accept that the “ right ” thing includes owning up to his crime and facing the consequence .
 In the Season 1 finale , Barry ha rid himself of Fuches and is living a “ normal life , ” but his past is resurrected when a detective ( Paula Newsome ) realizes who he is and insists on arresting him . “ I ’ m a good person , ” Barry pleads . “ I help people out . ”
 The detective is unfazed and call him a murderer . So Barry kill her out of self-preservation . Afterward , he vow to live a decent existence “ starting now . ”
 At the end of Season 5 of “ BoJack Horseman , ” the self-loathing , melancholic horse-actor at it center seems finally to have made a similar vow ; it end with his entering rehab . But it ha taken a lot of work to get to this point , a he ha spent most of the series being a self-absorbed cad , occasionally demonstrating only glimmer of progress that seem always to fall short of countering all the terrible way he ha treated others .
 BoJack sink to new low in Season 5 , spiraling into prescription drug addiction . It becomes clear he ha yet to confront his past , including the woman he ha manipulated and possibly abused . In the penultimate episode , a drugged up BoJack nearly strangles his co-star and sometime love interest to death while shooting a scene , forcing him to recognize how much hurt and pain he ha caused everyone around him .
 BoJack asks his friend and writer Diane to write a takedown of him instead in hope of assuaging his guilt . “ I ’ m a bad guy , and the world need to know , ” he pleads .
 Diane insists there are no “ good ” or “ bad ” guy , and that he need to stop using this idea a an excuse for his action . “ No one is going to hold you accountable , ” she tell him . “ You need to take responsibility for yourself . ”
 If “ Russian Doll ” and “ The Good Place ” place solid faith in human ’ capacity for change , “ Barry ” and “ BoJack ” are more cautiously optimistic . They insist that facing consequence for your action is just a important — maybe more so .
 Explicit conversation around morality show up time and again in these show because they are the narrative . What would have prompted a “ Very Special Episode ” in a family sitcom of a different era is instead the driving force of these story . Unlike the cheesy relic of that period , though , “ BoJack ” and it ilk avoid coming down too hard on what ’ s “ right ” or “ wrong , ” positing only that there are definite way to be better .
 Each show lay out a map for moral progression ( listen to others ; be honest ; seek help for your addiction ) , and if the protagonist don ’ t always follow that map themselves , the lesson are there for the viewer .
 It ’ s almost a if , having tired of the many way TV itself ha contrived to break bad , the writer sought to show that going back to basic can be equally effective .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Emily Palmer and Alan Feuer
 [ Read our latest story on the conviction of El Chapo . He wa found guilty on all 10 count . ]
 After a lengthy 11-week trial , a jury on Tuesday convicted Joaquín Guzmán Loera , the Mexican drug kingpin known a El Chapo . Mr. Guzmán , 61 , faced 10 charge , including leading a criminal enterprise and the importation and sale of large amount of narcotic into the United States . He now will likely spend the rest of his life in prison .
 The trial allowed prosecutor to extensively detail the inner working of Mr. Guzmán ’ s Sinaloa cartel , providing unparalleled insight into international drug trafficking . Here are 11 of the most important takeaway , in no particular order .
 During the trial , nearly every level of Mexican government wa implicated in bribe , including the presidency . One witness testified that El Chapo paid Enrique Peña Nieto , when he wa president in 2012 , $ 100 million in exchange for allowing the kingpin to come out of hiding .
 President Andrés Manuel López Obrador ’ s top security official wa said by one witness — and federal prosecutor — to have accepted a multimillion-dollar bribe from the Sinaloa cartel in 2005 .
 Genaro García Luna , the former secretary of public security , wa accused of accepting two suitcase stuffed with $ 3 million . And the Mexican federal police , referred to by one witness a “ our people , ” were said to have protected El Chapo after his first escape from prison in 2001 .
 Getting too much plastic surgery appears to be an unwritten rule in narco textbook . The drug lord Amado Carrillo Fuentes , known a the Lord of the Skies , famously died under a surgeon ’ s knife , and several witness said they went through extensive operation .
 Tirso Martínez Sanchez , who helped run train filled with drug between Mexico and the United States for the cartel , said he had several facial-reconstructive operation to drastically alter his appearance , stopping only after he started bleeding out during his third operation .
 Most memorable were the comic-strip-like feature of Juan Carlos Ramírez Abadía , known a Chupeta , who wa El Chapo ’ s Colombian cocaine supplier . Over the course of several operation , he structurally altered his jawbone , cheekbone , eye , mouth , ear and nose .
 Chupeta also tried to have his fingerprint removed , most likely causing a circulation problem ; he almost constantly used glove on the stand . In court , his reddened skin looked like melted wax pulled over his scalp .
 According to witness , El Chapo heavily invested in wiretapping and spyware equipment over the decade , becoming obsessed with secure communication in the 1980s . Around that time , he also began obsessively recording the call of his wife , lover , associate and enemy . One associate , Miguel Angel Martínez , recalled Chapo telling him , “ The most important thing in that environment wa to know what everyone wa thinking about you . Whoever — your friend , our enemy , your compadres . ”
 Later , Christian Rodriguez , a 20-something I.T . expert from Colombia , developed a more high-tech spyware system for phone and computer belonging to Mr. Guzmán ’ s wife , mistress and associate . Mr. Guzmán received routine spy report and also made a habit of calling back associate after a business transaction ; the second , invisible , call activated hidden microphone that enabled him to listen in without the person ’ s knowledge .
 The United States government used El Chapo ’ s intrepid spy system against him . Although Mr. Guzmán used BlackBerry phone a well a a filter system , which passed message between third party to protect the identity of the sender , his most comprehensive system wa devised by Mr. Rodriguez . It allowed him to place call from a secure three-digit extension to other trusted party anywhere in the world .
 However , Mr. Rodriguez agreed to cooperate with American authority after being approached by the F.B.I . during a sting operation . He turned over call and text message from the encrypted system .
 The prosecution ’ s case wa built from four wiretap investigation . In addition to Mr. Rodriguez ’ s system tap , prosecutor also used wiretap collected by authority in Colombia and the Dominican Republic , a well a one from Homeland Security Investigations .
 The government collected more than one million text message between cartel member .
 Like any good business , the Sinaloa cartel globalized , stretching far beyond the Mexican-United States border to Colombia , Ecuador , Panama , Belize , Honduras , Canada , Thailand and China .
 From early in his career , Mr. Guzmán reached out to cocaine supplier in Colombia to receive cheap cocaine . He negotiated cheaper deal with the dealer by promising to deliver the cocaine more quickly , gaining him the nickname El Rápido for his speed in funneling the cocaine through tunnel under the border .
 The case required the cooperation of several American law enforcement agency , but it also required keeping some Mexican authority out of most discussion .
 Among the cooperator were the F.B.I. , the Drug Enforcement Administration , Homeland Security Investigations and the United States Coast Guard . Also involved were foreign law enforcement and military based in Ecuador , Colombia and the Dominican Republic , a well a local law enforcement in New York City , Chicago and Texas and federal prosecutor in New York , Chicago , El Paso , Miami , San Diego and Washington , D.C .
 But not a single Mexican law enforcement officer testified . Victor J. Vazquez , the D.E.A . special agent who helped lead the successful arrest of El Chapo in February 2014 , told the jury that the D.E.A . and Mexican military purposely kept local Mexican law enforcement in the dark because of “ the corruption level — using them again wa not going to work . ”
 El Chapo love the limelight — even his lawyer admit it . Mr. Guzmán wanted to direct a movie , and then later tried to set up another movie with the telenovela star Kate del Castillo . That contact led to his infamous interview with Sean Penn for Rolling Stone .
 And in court , El Chapo seemed ecstatic to see the actor Alejandro Edda , who play him on Netflix ’ s “ Narcos : Mexico . ”
 The cartel wa not a cohesive unit , but an ever-shifting factionalized federation constantly at war with itself . Mr. Guzmán ha feuded with his cousin , the Beltrán-Leyva brother ; the Arellano-Félix organization ; and other former close associate .
 Deaths of leader and close friend often sparked the war , which led to the bloody death and injury of innocent civilian and family member in public place , including the 1993 murder of Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo at an airport in Guadalajara .
 Mr. Guzmán ’ s drug came into Mexico and later the United States on fishing boat and train , helicopter and plane , semi-submersible and tanker ship , shoe box and chili can . Although many more drug crossed over than were seized , a few notable success for authority included a 16-ton seizure from a merchant vessel in Panama and a 6-ton seizure out of Ecuador .
 Although it never happened , the cartel also discussed trying to move 100 ton of cocaine on an oil tanker ship .
 In document unsealed on Feb. 1 , one witness alleged that El Chapo routinely raped young girl , preferring 13-year-olds whom he considered “ his vitamin . ”
 He wa also accused of raping a young woman , who testified against him in court . That woman , Lucero Guadalupe Sánchez López , wa believed to be his former lover and sobbed on the stand while recounting her affair with the kingpin . Evidence about these attack , kept from the jury because it wa considered prejudicial , wa published just ahead of deliberation .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start today with a Times investigation of President Trump ’ s effort to end the inquiry surrounding him , a look at Americans who want to return home after joining ISIS , and a dispute over California ’ s high-speed rail project .
 Mr. Trump ’ s public campaign to discredit the investigation that have ensnared his presidency is well known . But an examination by The Times ha revealed a sustained , secretive assault on federal law enforcement .
 The effort have exposed the president to accusation of obstruction of justice in the special counsel ’ s inquiry .
 The detail : One of our finding is that Mr. Trump wanted to put an ally in charge of a federal inquiry in New York related to hush money payment by his former personal lawyer . Mr. Trump called that account “ fake news. ” Here are four takeaway from our report .
 How we know : Times reporter interviewed dozen of current and former government official and others close to Mr. Trump , and reviewed confidential White House document .
 In number : Mr. Trump ha publicly criticized the investigation into contact between his campaign and Russia nearly 1,200 time in the past two year .
 Two American woman being held in a detention camp in Syria told The Times that they regretted joining the Islamic State and wanted to come home . One is from Alabama ; the other hold dual U.S. and Canadian citizenship .
 At least 59 Americans traveled to Syria to join ISIS , according to the George Washington University Program on Extremism . Of the Americans captured , nearly all the men have been repatriated , but at least 13 woman and their child have not .
 Response : A spokesman for the State Department on Tuesday described the situation a “ extremely complicated. ” An official with the George Washington program said there were “ thousand of legitimate reason to question the sincerity ” of those asking to return .
 Related : The British government ha told the family of Shamima Begum , 19 , who traveled to Syria four year ago to marry an ISIS militant , that it intends to revoke her citizenship , according to a family lawyer .
 The Trump administration said on Tuesday that it wa exploring legal option to get back $ 2.5 billion in federal fund spent on the state ’ s high-speed rail network , and also terminating a $ 929 million grant .
 Gov . Gavin Newsom , who scaled back plan for the project last week , accused the administration of retaliating for California having joined a lawsuit challenging President Trump ’ s emergency declaration on the southwestern border .
 Background : Last year , The Times examined the opposition to the Los Angeles-to-San Francisco bullet train , and the question about how to pay for it .
 It ’ s an idea a old a the European Union itself , but the notion of a European army ha taken on a new urgency because of the Trump administration ’ s threat to reduce support if the Continent doesn ’ t increase military spending .
 The political and practical challenge are immense , but a German-led tank battalion with Dutch soldier ha become an informal test of deeper cooperation .
 Quote of note : “ The life we have had for the last 70 year is possible because of the American security guarantee we have had , largely for free , ” said an official with the German Marshall Fund in Berlin .
 The luxury fashion designer , who died on Tuesday , wa one of the most recognizable face in an industry he helped define . He wa generally thought to be 85 , although his birth year wa a matter of dispute .
 Mr. Lagerfeld , with his signature dark glass and powdered white ponytail , wa the longtime creative director at both Chanel and Fendi . He also had his own line .
 Read an appraisal by the director of the Times ’ s fashion coverage , and look at photograph from his six-decade career .
 Remembrances : Mr. Lagerfeld ’ s peer , including Giorgio Armani and Donatella Versace , offered reflection . “ Today , the world ha lost an icon and a genius , ” Ms. Versace said .
 In February 1968 , a U.S. and South Vietnamese force fought desperately to counter a surprise onslaught that became known a the Tet offensive , John Olson took a picture of a gravely wounded infantryman surrounded by his brothers-in-arms .
 The identity of that man is only now becoming clear .
 The 2020 election : Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont , whose populist agenda ha helped push the Democratic Party to the left , announced on Tuesday that he ’ s running for president again . Here ’ s where he stand on the issue .
 New House inquiry : Democrats have opened an investigation after a report said that a proposed nuclear power venture in Saudi Arabia could involve conflict of interest in the Trump administration , and perhaps break law .
 Reconsidering libel : Justice Clarence Thomas ha urged the Supreme Court to revisit it landmark ruling in New York Times v. Sullivan , which made it difficult for public official to win libel suit . Justice Thomas said the 1964 decision had no basis in the text and history of the Constitution .
 New York subway death : A man ha died in Midtown Manhattan after a piece of his clothing or the strap of his bag apparently became caught on a subway train that dragged him into a tunnel , the authority said .
 Snapshot : Above , the Forbidden City in Beijing on Tuesday . For the first time since 1925 , when the former home of the emperor of the Ming and Qing dynasty became a museum , it opened to the public at night .
 In memoriam : Don Newcombe , one of the first black pitcher in Major League Baseball , played for the Brooklyn Dodgers and won the first Cy Young Award . He died on Tuesday at 92 .
 Late-night comedy : With glass , a wig and a Brooklyn accent , Jimmy Fallon said , “ Hello , I ’ m Bernie Sanders , and I ’ m yelling for president of the United States . ”
 What we ’ re reading : This Atlas Obscura article . Michael Roston , a science editor , writes : “ There are many great story about the mating behavior of animal confounding scientific expectation , and this tale of two nonagenarian tortoise who can no longer stand the sight of each other after a lifetime hit me in both the heart and the funny bone . ”
 Cook : Dates sweeten sesame chicken with cashew .
 See : “ If Pretty Hurts Ugly Must Be a ____ , ” the professional debut of the playwright Tori Sampson , run at Playwrights Horizons in New York through March 31 . The play , a critique of adolescent culture and a “ celebration of black female beauty , ” reminds our critic of Suzan Lori Parks ’ s “ Venus . ”
 Watch : The final season of “ Game of Thrones ” is coming in April . We ’ ll be rewatching the first seven season . Join u .
 See : Look behind the scene at a day of rehearsal and costume fitting for New York City Ballet ’ s “ Sleeping Beauty . ”
 Smarter Living : It ’ s good to think ahead about what to say to someone who is grieving . If you knew the person who ’ s been lost , tell a personal story . There ’ s no better gift .
 And exercise may help to fend off depression .
 Did Prime Minister Shinzo Abe of Japan nominate President Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize ? Mr. Trump say he did , but Mr. Abe ha declined to comment , citing a Nobel policy of 50 year of secrecy for the process .
 But an insider could always write a tell-all book . In 2015 , the longtime secretary of the Norwegian Nobel Committee , Geir Lundestad , did just that , infuriating the committee .
 Among his revelation : The decision to honor Barack Obama just month into his presidency wa intended to strengthen his campaign to rid the world of nuclear weapon . And Mr. Obama considered not going to Norway to accept the award , but realized that would only create more uproar .
 Mr. Trump is definitely in the running this year . Two Norwegian lawmaker have said that they nominated him after his Singapore meeting with Kim Jong-un of North Korea .
 The recipient will be announced in October .
 That ’ s it for this briefing .
 Our article yesterday about a black mathematician wa one of the most popular in the briefing . The correspondent explained more about why she thought the subject wa worth reporting on .
 See you next time .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo our stalwart , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson , for the break from the news . Andrea Kannapell , the briefing editor , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about the Democratic presidential field.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Beatles album with a “ ! ” in it name ( 4 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • Coverage of the Vietnam War by David Halberstam inspired Times correspondent in Iraq .
 Chris Stanford is based in London and writes the U.S. version of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a producer for the desktop home page and mobile site , helping to present The New York Times ’ s news report to reader . Before joining The Times in 2013 , he wa an editor and designer at The Washington Post and other news organization . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Inyoung Kang and Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start today with an extensive college admission scandal , another Brexit defeat for Theresa May , and California ’ s expected death penalty moratorium .
 Nearly two-thirds of Boeing ’ s 737 Max 8 plane have been grounded since an Ethiopian Airlines plane crashed on Sunday , killing 157 people . On Tuesday , European regulator banned the jet , following similar move elsewhere .
 The cause of the crash is unclear , but the grounding were driven in part by regulator ’ concern about similarity to a deadly accident in October involving a 737 Max 8 .
 The U.S. continues to hold out . Boeing ’ s chief executive made a personal appeal to President Trump , assuring him of the model ’ s safety . The Federal Aviation Administration said that the plane could keep flying a it continued it review .
 Catch up : At least two pilot in the U.S. had filed incident report that raised concern about safety and training on the Max 8 jet . Here ’ s the latest .
 Your question : A former air safety investigator answer .
 Fifty people were accused in a scheme to buy spot at Stanford , Yale and other competitive university in what a U.S. attorney called the “ largest college admission scam ever prosecuted by the Department of Justice . ”
 Those charged include Hollywood celebrity and prominent business leader , a well a top college athletic coach who were accused of accepting million of dollar to help admit student .
 Why this matter : The scheme , unveiled by federal prosecutor on Tuesday , showed the length that some parent will go to and underscored how cutthroat college admission have become . Here are excerpt from the indictment .
 The detail : The actress Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin were among those charged , a wa Ms. Loughlin ’ s husband , the fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli . See the full list .
 Parliament overwhelmingly rejected Prime Minister Theresa May ’ s plan for withdrawing from the European Union , leaving Britain seemingly rudderless just over two week before it scheduled departure from the bloc .
 The outcome of the vote wa expected , but it nonetheless deepened the crisis facing Mrs. May . In acknowledging her latest defeat , she angrily told lawmaker they would now need to make hard choice .
 What ’ s next : Parliament is set to vote today on the possibility of leaving without a deal , a potentially chaotic outcome that lawmaker rejected in a nonbinding motion in January . A vote is also scheduled this week over whether to request an extension for the withdrawal , something many analyst say is now inevitable .
 Perspective : Mrs. May ha no power , no way forward and nothing left to lose , a British journalist writes . “ She may a well burn it all down and try to start afresh . ”
 Health care for life is one of the most celebrated benefit of military service , but entrenched sexism and harassment at veteran hospital is driving many away .
 The number of woman using veteran health service ha tripled since 2000 — to about 500,000 , from 159,810 — but they make up only 8 percent of all user of V.A . health care . The Department of Veterans Affairs ha made progress in accommodating the growing number , but sexual harassment persists , veteran and lawmaker say .
 Voices : “ You felt like you were a piece of meat , ” a retired Army sergeant said . “ Standing in line at the registration desk , I wa getting comment from the male patient behind me , looking me up and down . ”
 Ever since Freddie Gray died after suffering injury in police custody in 2015 , violent crime in Baltimore ha surged . In 2017 , the city recorded 342 murder , a per-capita rate far higher than any other urban area of 500,000 or more resident .
 In a collaboration with The Times Magazine , a reporter for ProPublica who life in Baltimore examined the city ’ s recent trouble , which he see a being caused by “ nothing le than a failure of order and governance the like of which few American city have seen in year . ”
 Paul Manafort sentencing : The total prison sentence for President Trump ’ s former campaign manager is now seven and a half year , after a second judge ruled today in one of the special counsel ’ s highest-profile case .
 California capital punishment : Gov . Gavin Newsom is set to announce a moratorium on execution in the state today , granting a temporary reprieve for 737 inmate on the largest death row in the Western Hemisphere .
 Catholic abuse scandal : Cardinal George Pell of Australia wa sentenced today to six year in prison for molesting two boy in 1996 . And a former New Jersey priest who wa accused of sexual abuse wa found fatally shot in his home , in what the police are treating a a homicide .
 Immigration center closed : The Trump administration is preparing to cut back on support service for those applying overseas to move to the U.S .
 Snapshot : Above , preparation on Tuesday for an elephant race , part of a festival in Vietnam ’ s central highland . Locals say the event is a celebration of the animal , but conservation group are calling for a ban , saying it is cruel and outdated .
 A big Jets deal : Le ’ Veon Bell , the superstar running back who sat out the last N.F.L . season in a salary dispute with the Pittsburgh Steelers , ha agreed to join the New York Jets .
 Surprising N.F.L . trade : The New York Giants have sent Odell Beckham Jr. , their most popular player and the highest-paid wide receiver in the league , to the Cleveland Browns .
 Late-night comedy : Stephen Colbert reacted to the news of the college admission scandal : “ You know how the conspiracy theorist say , ‘ Everything is rigged for the wealthy and famous ’ ? Well , a a wealthy and famous person , let me just respond by saying : You ’ re absolutely right . ”
 What we ’ re listening to : This Pineapple Street podcast . Our Magazine writer Jenna Wortham say Julie Yip-Williams , who died last year after being diagnosed with colon cancer , created “ a wonderful and at time devastating meditation on death and what happens to those we leave behind . ”
 Cook : With a little forethought , marinated short rib can be part of a balanced weeknight rice bowl .
 Listen : T.S . Eliot had a truly remarkable speaking voice . Now you can listen to previously unheard recording of him discussing his poetry in 1950 .
 Watch : We have reached Season 3 in our grand rewatch of “ Game of Thrones. ” Sign up to get our guide .
 Look : Nike ha revealed new uniform for 14 of 24 team competing in the Women ’ s World Cup . Each wa made specifically for female athlete .
 Smarter Living : In the past , when we encountered bacterial threat , our immune system dealt with them and adapted . But our body are becoming unable to do this , partly a a result of overprescribed antibiotic , which go to show what scientist are finding : You ’ re not safer when you try to eliminate every risk from your environment .
 It ’ s possible to revamp your basketball game at nearly any age . Here ’ s how a middle-aged father of three son did it .
 The otherwise invisible special counsel investigation take regular public shape inside the E. Barrett Prettyman Courthouse in Washington , where Paul Manafort , President Trump ’ s former campaign chairman , appeared at his final sentencing hearing today .
 It is the same building where the special counsel , Robert Mueller , ha used a grand jury to return indictment .
 Your Back Story writer ha visited the building often during month of covering hearing involving Mueller target , including Mr. Manafort , Roger Stone and Michael Flynn .
 A little over half a mile from F.B.I . headquarters , the courthouse ha a bland limestone exterior , tall window , long hallway and artificial lighting , which combine to create a sterile aura of law and order . Outside , protester and camera crew have jostled a Trump associate enter and exit through revolving door familiar to cable news junky .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Inyoung and Chris
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . Noah Weiland , a reporter in our Washington bureau , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is on “ Medicare for all. ” • Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : A horned African mammal ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The latest newsletter from The Times is by our Op-Ed columnist Paul Krugman , who won a Nobel Prize in economics .
 An earlier version of a picture caption in this briefing misidentified the location of an American Airlines Boeing 737 Max 8 . It wa in Miami , not Washington .
 An earlier version of this briefing erroneously attributed a distinction to the number of murder in Baltimore in 2017 . The 342 killing represented a per-capita rate — not an absolute number — that wa far higher than any other urban area of 500,000 or more resident .
 Inyoung Kang is an editor and producer based in London . @ inyoungk
 Chris Stanford is the writer of the U.S. edition of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a home page producer at The Times . Before 2013 , he worked at The Washington Post and other news outlet . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Let u help you start your day .
 By Melina Delkic and Alisha Haridasani Gupta
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start today with Google data used by law enforcement , the Trump administration ’ s plan for when the Mueller report drop and an elite runner for whom running is not everything .
 The technology giant track the location of hundred of million of phone worldwide , The Times found .
 The police in the U.S. have started using warrant to tap into Google ’ s location database , known a Sensorvault , not only for information about suspect but also for “ geofence ” information about an area where a crime occurred . The dragnet can include data from dozen or hundred of device — and can sometimes ensnare innocent people .
 How we know : Reporters interviewed Google employee , prosecutor and law enforcement agent , and reviewed warrant and other legal document .
 Response : In a statement , Richard Salgado , Google ’ s director of law enforcement and information security , said the company tried to “ vigorously protect the privacy of our user while supporting the important work of law enforcement. ” He said identifying information wa provided only “ where legally required . ”
 Explainer : Here ’ s more about Sensorvault , and how you can disable Google ’ s data collection .
 The president , according to aide , considers the special counsel ’ s inquiry a closed case .
 Although he ha not seen the full report , people close to him told The Times , he ha shown increased confidence after the release of Attorney General William Barr ’ s summary last month .
 The president ha tested bound , poking fun at Joe Biden regarding accusation that the former vice president touched woman inappropriately and floating the idea of pardoning the acting homeland security secretary if he were to get in legal trouble by shutting down the border .
 Plan of attack : As Mr. Barr prepares to submit a redacted version of the report , Mr. Trump , aide said , will act a if the report itself is extraneous to Mr. Barr ’ s brief letter .
 When the report come out , aide will focus on two outstanding question that Mr. Trump want to ignore : why the special counsel wa not able to conclude whether the president obstructed justice , and what the attorney general meant when he wrote in his letter that “ much ” of the president ’ s conduct wa public — meaning some of it wa not .
 Timing : The report is expected sometime this week .
 Stanford University is investigating the interaction one of it professor , Stephen Quake , had with a Chinese scientist , He Jiankui , a Dr . He wa working on creating the world ’ s first gene-altered baby — an experiment many scientist and ethicist condemned a unethical and unsafe .
 Dr. He ’ s announcement of success last November sent shock wave around the world . The president of his university in China later wrote to Stanford ’ s president , accusing Dr. Quake of having helped in the experiment .
 Response : Dr. Quake denied the allegation . In his email exchange with Dr . He , which he showed to The Times , there are no sign that he wa involved with the work itself , but the message do contain polite encouragement .
 Bigger picture : Scrutiny of Dr. Quake reflects the issue that the global scientific community is now grappling with : When and where should scientist report their colleague ’ controversial research idea ?
 The golfer won his first major title in 11 year , capturing the Masters title at Augusta National . It wa a monumental comeback from personal and professional setback that almost derailed his career .
 His pursuit of Jack Nicklaus ’ s record 18 major championship might be back on .
 Background : In 2009 , a marital dispute led to a car accident and a succession of lurid tabloid headline .
 On the golf course , back injury led to an addiction to painkiller and raised question about whether he could ever play professionally again . The Times profiled him last year .
 In 1962 , le than half of India ’ s woman voted . By 2014 , that figure had shot up to 66 percent . This year , many expect woman ’ s vote to outnumber men ’ s .
 That could be a political game changer .
 “ Women are getting more educated , they ’ re more emancipated , they ’ re more independent , ” said Prannoy Roy , a co-founder of India ’ s NDTV news channel and a veteran poll analyst .
 Women have generally shown le support for Prime Minister Narendra Modi ’ s Bharatiya Janata Party . In 2014 , if only woman had voted , the B.J.P wouldn ’ t have won the historic majority it did in the lower house of Parliament , according to Mr. Roy , who analyzed the data for his new book , “ The Verdict : Decoding India ’ s Elections . ”
 What do woman care about in this election ? Jobs , Mr. Roy said .
 Record unemployment ha hit woman particularly hard . According to the Center for Monitoring Indian Economy , an independent think tank , of the 11 million job India lost in 2018 , 8.8 million had been held by woman .
 It ’ s little surprise , then , that several political party , including the B.J.P . and the Congress Party , have proposed policy specifically intended to improve the job picture for woman .
 Send u your feedback and question about this series here .
 Brazil : President Jair Bolsonaro ’ s first 100 day in office have been turbulent . He ha the lowest popularity rating of any first-term president at this point in a tenure since democracy wa restored in the mid-1980s . Many in Brazil believe Mr. Bolsonaro ha been his own worst enemy .
 Syria : For year , the Red Cross shielded the identity of a New Zealand nurse , Louisa Akavi , who wa abducted by ISIS in 2013 . But now that ISIS ’ caliphate ha collapsed , the aid group ha broken it silence in the hope that the public can help find her .
 Julian Assange : The extradition of the WikiLeaks founder to the U.S. will be a long and complex process of legal filing , hearing and administrative decision that could take at least a year , expert said . ( We wrote about how Mr. Assange ’ s cat , who lived with him in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London , wa a made-for-social-media star . )
 Seychelles : The president of the archipelago made an impassioned plea to save the world ’ s ocean , from inside a submersible craft 400 foot below the surface of the Indian Ocean .
 Climate change : Rising temperature and extreme weather cycle in Mexico and Central America are disrupting crop and harvest . That ’ s proving to be a tipping point for many farmer , who are increasingly abandoning their land and heading north toward the U.S .
 Sudan : The new ruling military council announced on Sunday that it would name a civilian prime minister and cabinet , but not a president , to help govern the country after the coup that removed the longtime leader , Omar Hassan al-Bashir . Protesters have demanded full civilian rule .
 Snapshot : Sarah Sellers , above , the runner-up in last year ’ s Boston Marathon , train a an elite runner while keeping her job a a nurse anesthetist . She insists that being busier make her faster .
 ‘ Game of Thrones ’ : The final season of the hit series premiered on Sunday . Meet Bernadette Caulfield , the producer who is the “ best thing that ever happened to the show , ” according to it creator . ( Find our recap of the new episode here . )
 What we ’ re reading : This article in Science News . “ ‘ Dumbo ’ is a delightful movie , but an elephant is never going to fly by flapping it ear , ” say Michael Roston , a science editor . “ This fun article by Bethany Brookshire examines the anatomical obstacle . ”
 Cook : This dish of tomato , rice and melty Cheddar can be best described a pizza rice . ( Yes , pizza rice . )

 Listen : BTS ’ s new song “ Boy With Luv ” feature Halsey — but more important , it feature Halsey singing in Korean , exactly the sort of bilingual exchange that ’ s all too rare , Jon Caramanica writes .
 Watch : Did you watch the premiere of the new TV adaptation of “ Les Misérables ” last night ? The show ’ s screenwriter told u this version feel “ le improbable and more believable in modern term . ”
 Go : The musical adaptation of “ Beetlejuice ” is now in preview on Broadway . Here ’ s how the eye-popping set came together .
 Smarter Living : There are scientifically proven , somewhat surprising way to increase your memory power . Give your mind a chance to consolidate information by retreating to a dark , quiet room for 10 minute of inactivity ( but not sleep ) . And you can increase your brain ’ s ability to retrieve memory by quizzing yourself on them , or sharing them out loud .
 And we look at the benefit of sharing — whether triumph , photo or difficulty — in person rather than on social medium .
 With the arrest last week of it founder , Julian Assange , WikiLeaks is back in the headline .
 “ Leaks ” is obvious for the name of the anti-secrecy organization , which started in 2006 , but where doe “ wiki ” come from ?
 In 1995 , the computer programmer Ward Cunningham introduced the first wiki , a website that ’ s collaboratively produced by user . He called it WikiWikiWeb , after the Hawaiian word for “ quick , ” which he had picked up from the name of an airport shuttle in the island .
 The word wa later adopted by Wikipedia , the online encyclopedia that started in 2001 , and it wa added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2007 .
 The wiki isn ’ t Mr. Cunningham ’ s only contribution to modern online life . He also gave his name to Cunningham ’ s Law , the idea that the best way to find the correct answer on the internet isn ’ t to ask a question , but to post the wrong answer .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Melina
 Thank youTo Mark Josephson , Eleanor Stanford and James K. Williamson for the break from the news . Chris Stanford , on the briefing team , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Our latest episode is about Israel ’ s election , a seen by a young Palestinian.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Newlywed ’ s new relative ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • The Research and Development team at The New York Times ha launched the 5G Journalism Lab , to explore how higher and faster bandwidth might unlock new way to tell story .
 Melina Delkic is a senior staff editor . @ MelinaDelkic
 Alisha Haridasani Gupta writes the Morning Briefing . @ alisha__g
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford and Inyoung Kang
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start today with a surge in border crossing , renewed activity at a North Korean launch site , and F.D.A . approval for a fast-acting antidepressant .
 More than 76,000 migrant crossed the border without authorization in February , an 11-year high and a sign that stepped-up prosecution , new control on asylum and harsher detention policy have not discouraged family fleeing violence and poverty .
 “ The system is well beyond capacity , and remains at the breaking point , ” Kevin McAleenan , commissioner of Customs and Border Protection , said on Tuesday .
 President Trump ha used the number to justify expanding the wall along the 1,900-mile border with Mexico , although many analyst say that would do little to slow migration .
 Closer look : In the past , undocumented immigrant were mostly single men from Mexico , but that ’ s no longer the case . We examined who ’ s coming and what ’ s driving them .
 Background : The migration number are higher than they have been in recent year , but they ’ re nowhere near historical level . Arrests for illegally crossing the border reached about 1.64 million in 2000 . In the 2018 fiscal year , there were 396,579 .
 After Kim Jong-un first met with President Trump last year , North Korea began dismantling a site used to launch satellite and test technology for it missile program .
 The country is now rebuilding the site , Sohae Satellite Launching Station , according to American military analyst and South Korean intelligence official . The news came on Tuesday , soon after Mr. Kim returned from Vietnam following the breakdown of his second meeting with Mr. Trump .
 Why it matter : The renewed activity could indicate that Pyongyang is preparing to end it moratorium on missile test . But South Korean intelligence official reportedly told lawmaker that North Korea had been rebuilding the facility even earlier , possibly to make their dismantling more dramatic if a deal wa reached with the U.S .
 About a quarter of the 16 million American adult with depression gain little or no benefit from existing treatment . That could change with a fast-acting prescription nasal spray derived from ketamine that the Food and Drug Administration approved on Tuesday .
 Though the antidepressant property of ketamine , an anesthetic , are not well understood , the drug indicates a new approach to treating mood problem , expert said .
 Also in health news : There is no association between the measles vaccine and autism , a new study found , confirming what ha long been widely accepted in the scientific community .
 During his first year in office , the president routinely signed check to Michael Cohen , then his lawyer , who ha said they were compensation for hush payment to two woman who claimed they had had affair with Mr. Trump .
 In total , Mr. Trump or his trust paid Mr. Cohen $ 420,000 , according to federal prosecutor , who say the payment were part of a scheme directed by Mr. Trump to violate campaign finance law .
 How we know : Mr. Cohen provided two check to Congress to support his testimony last week , and his lawyer provided six additional check to The Times this week .
 Response : The White House referred question about the payment to Mr. Trump ’ s private lawyer . Jay Sekulow , one of his personal lawyer , had no comment , and a lawyer for the Trump Organization declined to comment .
 Related : Mr. Trump ha suggested the White House might not cooperate with an expansive document request by House Democrats scrutinizing whether he obstructed justice or abused power .
 When a bridge in Genoa , Italy , collapsed last August , killing 43 people , it set off a criminal inquiry and a public relation crisis for the Benettons , the Italian family that control Autostrade , the road operator that managed the bridge.Though the family , which is more famous for it fashion brand , is not accused of any wrongdoing , it is facing angry question about big profit and lax regulation .
 Anti-Semitism resolution : The House is likely to vote on Thursday on a resolution condemning anti-Semitism , widely seen a a reaction to anti-Israel remark by Representative Ilhan Omar of Minnesota .
 F.D.A . resignation : Scott Gottlieb , the head of the Food and Drug Administration , announced on Tuesday that he would step down at the end of the month .
 The 2020 election : Michael Bloomberg , the former New York mayor , and Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon have both said they won ’ t be seeking the Democratic nomination for president . Here ’ s the state of the field .
 Ex-auto chief is released : Carlos Ghosn , the former Nissan Motor chairman facing charge of financial wrongdoing in Japan , wa released on bail today after being held in a Tokyo jail since November .
 Snapshot : Above , the annual Royal Shrovetide Football game in Ashbourne , England , which ha been played for hundred of year . The two-day contest , which concludes today , involves thousand of player , split into two team ( Up ’ ards and Down ’ ards ) depending on which side of the Henmore River they were born on . The field of play is the town itself , and the goal are mile apart .
 Architectural honor : The Pritzker Prize ha been given to Arata Isozaki , who combine Western and Japanese influence . Here ’ s what to know about the award .
 Late-night comedy : Jimmy Kimmel welcomed the arrival of Mardi Gras : “ The official slogan of Mardi Gras is ‘ Laissez le bons temp rouler , ’ which is French for ‘ I vomited in an Uber today . ’ ”
 What we ’ re reading : This commentary in The Boston Globe , about the killing of Jassy Correia . Andrea Kannapell , the Briefings editor , writes : “ Women often urge their friend to ‘ text me when you get home. ’ As this column explains , it ’ s an impulse that we shouldn ’ t have to have , yet still do . ”
 Cook : Tuna packed in olive oil is a nice addition to pasta with fresh herb , lemon and pea . ( Our Five Weeknight Dishes newsletter ha more recommendation . )
 Listen : These eight clip present the range of André Previn , who made a mark on Broadway and in Hollywood , on the classical concert stage and in the jazz club .
 Go : “ Jean-Michel Basquiat , ” the inaugural exhibition of the Brant Foundation ’ s space in Manhattan , ha nearly 70 work by the painter .
 Watch : There ’ s a new trailer for the final season of “ Game of Thrones. ” Join u in rewatching the series .
 Smarter Living : Listening can feel like a lost art . Think of it a meditation : Clear your mind and focus on what ’ s being said . Put your phone down , and step away from your computer .
 And the product expert at Wirecutter , a Times company , recommend six fitness item that travel well .
 Thugs : It seems the world is full of them .
 Michael Cohen , President Trump ’ s former personal lawyer , painted himself a a “ thug ’ s thug ” in public testimony , our Op-Ed columnist Maureen Dowd wrote .
 Leaders , including Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela , Kim Jong-un of North Korea and Narendra Modi of India , have been called thug , too .
 The word can be traced to “ thag , ” a Hindi word meaning “ thief ” or “ con man , ” whose root go back to Sanskrit .
 It ’ s believed that for century , gang of thief and assassin called thug operated throughout India . In thrall to Kali , the goddess of destruction , they were said to commit “ thuggee ” — setting up and often strangling victim .
 In the 1800s , the British , who were beginning to spread across the country , decided to put a stop to them .
 Under the leadership of Lord William Bentinck , thousand of people identified a thug were captured , convicted and sentenced . In the 1830s , thug were declared “ destroyed . ”
 Some now question whether thug were a destructive a reported in colonial representation .
 Lent start today , and , in the spirit of repentance , we ’ d like to thank reader who pointed out a couple of oversight in yesterday ’ s Back Story , about Mardi Gras king cake . The photograph we used wa not of what ’ s traditionally thought of a a king cake , but of a king cake-themed doberge cake from a bakery in New Orleans . And we failed to mention that , while Mardi Gras is widely associated with New Orleans , the celebration got it start in the U.S. in Mobile , Ala .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . See you next time .
 — Chris and Inyoung
 Thank youTo Eleanor Stanford , James K. Williamson and Mark Josephson for the break from the news . Alisha Haridasani Gupta , on the Briefings team , wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about tech company ’ pursuit of military contracts.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Small lake ( 5 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • One of the earliest appearance of the word “ thug ” in The Times wa on Aug. 24 , 1852 , in an article headlined “ The Thugs of New York . ”
 Chris Stanford is based in London and writes the U.S. version of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a producer for the desktop home page and mobile site , helping to present The New York Times ’ s news report to reader . Before joining The Times in 2013 , he wa an editor and designer at The Washington Post and other news organization . @ stanfordc
 Inyoung Kang is an editor and producer based in London . @ inyoungk
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Contests
 By Katherine Schulten
 Note : Register for our free webinar about how to use our Summer Reading Contest to get teenager reading , writing and thinking over the summer .
 _________
 Every year since 2010 we have invited teenager around the world to add The New York Times to their summer reading list and , so far , nearly 50,000 have .
 At a time when teacher are looking for way to offer student more “ voice and choice , ” we hope our open-ended contest can help : Every week , we ask participant to choose something in The Times that ha sparked their interest , then tell u why . At the end of the week , judge from the Times newsroom pick favorite response , and we publish them here . It ’ s a simple a that .
 Though our goal include some on many educator ’ list — helping student become more aware of the world and their place in it , learning how to navigate sophisticated nonfiction , and practicing writing for a real audience — we also just hope that student will realize that reading the newspaper can be fun .
 As you ’ ll see in the guideline below , they can choose literally anything they like that wa published on NYTimes.com in 2019 . We don ’ t care if they pick a piece about politics or python , golf or “ Game of Thrones , ” Qatar or the Kardashians , robot , racing , recipe or the royal baby ; we just care about why they chose it .
 Interested ? All the detail you need are below , and this handy PDF summarizes them on one page .
 __________
 __________
 Q . How doe this contest work ?
 • Every Friday beginning June 14 , we will publish a post here asking the same two question : “ What interested you most in The Times this week ? ” and “ Why ? . ” You can always find that link at the top of this page since we ’ ll post it there every week .
 • Teenagers can post an answer any week until Friday , Aug. 23 , and contestant can choose from any Times article , essay , video , interactive , podcast or photograph published in 2019 , on any topic they like .
 • Every Tuesday starting July 2 we will announce winner from a previous week and publish their writing .
 • To get an idea of the breadth of topic student have chosen in the past — from refugee and “ post-truth politics ” to accent and awkwardness — you can read the work of our 2017 and 2018 winner here , and our 2010-2016 winner here .
 • Scroll down to find more detail and tip , the most important of which are also on this one-page PDF .
 • More question ? Here are some that have been frequently asked over the year , but please post anything else you ’ d like to know in the comment , or write to u at LNFeedback @ nytimes.com , and we ’ ll answer you there .
 __________
 __________
 Q . What kind of response are you looking for ?
 A . We don ’ t care what you choose or whether you loved or hated it ; what we care about is what you have to say about why you picked it .
 If you don ’ t believe u , scroll through our 2017 and 2018 winner , or , via our old blog , view the work of winner from 2010 to 2016 .
 They have written on weighty topic like gender , race and identity , space exploration and 21st-century concentration camp , but they have also written on power napping , junk food , Beyoncé , Disney show , running and bagel .
 Whatever the subject , you ’ ll see that the best piece year after year make both personal connection to the news and go beyond the personal to discus the broader question and idea that the topic raise .
 So whether you were moved by an article , enlightened by an essay , bowled over by a photo , irked by an editorial or inspired by a video , find something in The Times that genuinely interest you and tell u why , a honestly and originally a you can .
 __________
 __________
 Q . What are the rule ?
 A . First , here is a one-page PDF summarizing the rule . Please share .
 • We will post the same question every Friday , starting June 14 . Each week we will ask , “ What interested you most in The Times this week ? Why ? ” That is where you should post your pick ( and reason ) any time until the next Friday . Then we will close that post to comment and open a new one with the same question . That mean that student can write in on any day until Friday , Aug. 23 , at 7 a.m. Eastern when the contest end . As soon a the contest start , we will keep an up-to-date link to that week ’ s question at the top of this page .
 • You can choose from anything published in the print paper or on NYTimes.com in 2019 , including video , graphic , slide show and podcasts .
 • Feel free to participate any or every week , but we allow only one submission per person per week .
 • Our commenting system allows response up to 1,500 character , which is somewhere between 250 and 300 word .
 • Make sure to provide u with the full URL or headline ( for example , “ How to Deal With a Jerk Without Being a Jerk ” or http : //www.nytimes.com/2019/04/05/smarter-living/how-to-deal-with-a-jerk-without-being-a-jerk.html ) .
 • The child and stepchild of New York Times employee , or teenager who live in the same household a a Times employee , are not eligible to participate .
 • New for 2019 : Our eligible age range have changed slightly in response to new data-protection rule in the European Union .
 Students in the United States , Canada and the United Kingdom must be between 13 to 19 year old to participate . However , if you are submitting from anywhere else in the world , you must be between 16 to 19 year old . Please see The New York Times ’ s term of service for more detail .
 Q . Who will be judging my work ?
 A . The Learning Network staff , plus a team of as-yet-to-be-named New York Times journalist .
 Q . When should I check to see whether my submission won ?
 A . Every Tuesday from July 2 to Sept. 3 , we will publish a previous week ’ s winner or winner in a separate article you can find here . We will also celebrate the winner on Twitter and Facebook .
 __________
 __________
 Q . How do I participate in this contest if I don ’ t have a digital subscription ?
 A. NYTimes.com ha a digital subscription system in which reader have free access to five article each month . If you exceed that limit , you will be asked to become a digital subscriber .
 One thing you should know , however , is that all Learning Network post for student , a well a all Times article linked from them , are accessible without a digital subscription . That mean that if you use any of the article we have linked to on our site for summer reading , they will not count a part of the five-article limit .
 Plus , each week when we pose our question , “ What interested you most in The Times this week ? , ” we will link to about 25 recent article across section that you can choose from if you don ’ t have your own subscription .
 You can also find The New York Times at most public library , and some even allow you to access NYTimes.com with your library card .
 And remember : You can use anything published anytime in 2019 .
 Q . How do I prove to my teacher that I participated ?
 A . When you comment , make sure to check the box that asks if you would like to be emailed when your comment is published .
 If you do so , the system will send you a link to your comment , which you can use to show your teacher , your parent , your friend or anyone else you ’ d like to impress .
 Please note that you will not get an email until the comment ha been approved , which may take up to 48 hour over weekend .
 Another method ? Some teacher ask student to take screenshots of their comment before they hit “ submit , ” then gather those all together at the end of the summer .
 __________
 __________
 Q . How can teacher , librarian and parent use this challenge ?
 A . Through the year , adult have told u over and over that participating in this contest ha made their student both more aware of and more interested in what ’ s going on in the world . Many see it a a low-stakes way to help teenager start building a news-reading habit .
 If that ’ s not enough of a reason to assign it , our contest is also an easy way to add more nonfiction to your student ’ reading list — and to encourage teenager to make their own choice about what to read , a anything published in The Times in 2019 is fair game .
 Participating also meet the recommendation given in this joint statement on independent reading given by the International Reading Association , the National Council of Teachers of English , and the Canadian Children ’ s Book Centre .
 But maybe the most compelling reason to assign this contest is what student themselves say about it . Reflecting on participating in 2017 , a teenager named Emma Weber , from London , told u :
 Prior to this summer , the only writing I did wa for school assignment or Google search . And if I did get around to it , I never reread what I wrote . That ’ s why , a the week went on , I surprised myself when I began double and triple checking my comment for mistake , of which there were far more than expected !
 Another transformation is my newfound interest in the news . I used to be the kind of person who opened a newspaper and went straight to the puzzle section , and though that may be unchanged , I now feel compelled to read a few article that catch my eye too . In return , exposing myself to current affair ha fine-tuned my political opinion , and through consistent writing I learned to express them in a way that accentuates them .
 The result ? I feel grounded in my view and understand what ’ s going on in the world . It ’ s amazing what a change 1,500 character a week make .
 Thank you for making this contest a hit year after year , and please spread the word that it ’ s back for it tenth season .
 Good luck !
 __________
 Questions ? Please write to u at LNFeedback @ nytimes.com .
 We will add the link to the top of this post on June 14 , when the contest begin .
 Advertisement
 APRIL 10 , 2019
 Nassim Soleimanpour ’ s original play “ Down by the Creek , ” inspired by original photograph by Eugene Richards , written for T ’ s Culture issue .
 Text by Nassim Soleimanpour , inspired by original photograph by Eugene Richards APRIL 10 , 2019
 A shack in the middle of rural Arkansas . An evening in the summer of 2024 . BILLY , a chubby white boy in his 20 , is sitting on a chair , wearing a blue smock and holding an old mirror to his face . DARCY , a freckled red-haired white woman in her 40 , is cutting his hair . Two men , DON and YEMENI , are speaking outside . A skinny beige dog is with them in the yard .
 BILLY Where ’ s Don ?
 DARCY Dang it , Billy ! Don ’ t move !
 BILLY Don ! Don ! Why ain ’ t he lookin ’ at me ?
 DARCY Because he ’ s busy . Now can you put your head down for me ? Ah , Billy ! Can ’ t do this if you keep moving .
 BILLY Don ’ s talking to Yemeni ! Yo ! Yemeni ! Yemeni ! Look , Darcy ! They ’ re waving at u !
 DARCY Yeah . Now put your head down , Billy ! Please !
 BILLY He life in Lawrence .
 DARCY I thought he ’ s from Yemen !
 BILLY No , Khaleesi ! No ! He ’ s peein ’ on my tire .
 DARCY He ’ s a dog , Billy ! Dogs pee everywhere !
 BILLY Yeah ! But that ’ s my tire .
 DARCY You know Khaleesi wa a woman , right ? Who picked that name ? You or Don ?
 BILLY Don ’ t pee on the lamp , Khaleesi ! You ’ ll get electrocuted !
 DARCY Have you ever watched “ Game of Thrones ” ?
 BILLY What ’ s that ?
 DARCY It ’ s on HBO .
 BILLY Yeah ? Don promised me to let me be on his podcast tomorrow !
 Same evening . BILLY is outside with Khaleesi . DARCY and DON , a white male in his early 40 , are chatting inside .
 DARCY Then what ?
 DON I can ’ t afford to take care of him anymore ! Yemeni set it all up .
 DARCY Right ! The Craigslist guy !
 DON This guy is legit . It ’ s a legit hospital . They ’ ll pay for everything !
 DARCY The kid is slow , Don ! You know that !
 DON Billy ’ s no kid . He ’ s 24 .
 DARCY You can ’ t do this ! What kind of brother would you be ?
 DON I want to keep helping him but I can ’ t .
 DARCY ’ Cause you ’ re using again !
 DON I ’ m not !
 DARCY You ’ re gon na get him killed !
 DON The kid ’ s dumb but he ’ s strong . He ’ ll pull through .
 DARCY You should go .
 DON Yeah ?
 DARCY You still owe me 50 buck !
 DON Next week ! Need it for the studio tomorrow !
 DARCY You call that dump a studio ?
 DON Well — it get the job done .
 DARCY You ’ re hopped up ! I can ’ t do this again !
 DON I ’ m not ! I ’ m trying to make money to get u out of this hole !
 DARCY Grow up , Don ! You ’ re 41 !
 DON Seventy-eight subscription in a month , Darcy ! People pay to hear about this S-town !
 Next morning . DON and BILLY are in JOHN ’ s “ studio , ” an abandoned cotton gin with an old computer , a fan and a microphone . JOHN is a 50-year-old white man who ’ s wearing Coke-bottle glass and an old red ball cap .
 JOHN O.K. ! Recording ! Ready ? Three , two , one ! Go !
 DON Yo ! This is Don Henderson from Ogden , Arkansas , and you ’ re listening to “ Down by the Creek , ” my podcast about the S-life in the United S-States of America ! Thank you all for tunin ’ in . It ’ s been a wild month in foreign policy . As always , we ’ ve got my pal John Dominican on the recordin ’ . And my special guest of the day is Billy William , one of the loca…
 BILLY Billy Henderson ! My name ’ s Billy Henderson !
 DON Ah ! John , can you cut it for a second ? Appreciate that ! Billy ! We talked about this . You can ’ t be a Henderson today because people would know you ’ re my brother , right ?
 BILLY But I am your brother ! Besides , I don ’ t like to be called William . That ’ s why everyone called me Billy in the first place , remember ?
 JOHN You can leave it , Don . I can edit it out .
 DON You ’ re a savior , man ! Appreciate that !
 JOHN O.K. ! Ready ? Three , two , one .
 DON The Secretary of State visited Iran last week ! Voilà ! The “ axis of evil , ” a George W. said . The king or mullah , there ’ s no difference . The problem is you ’ re using our money to help these people ! Why are we funding this , huh ? Why would Yemeni , a Muslim , come to the U.S. of A. and study to be a doctor with the tax I ’ ve been payin ’ ? And guess what ? He ain ’ t never finished ! Yeah ! Because he ran out of money or whatever ! So , now why would the government let him stay here if he ’ s not going to school anymore ? Why should he get to live on my parent ’ land ? Why should he get to eat my bread ? Why should he get to steal my job ?
 BILLY ( Cheers excitedly . ) Yeah !
 DON ( Gives Billy a side-eye glare for a few second and then whisper into the microphone . ) Why would I let you take my gun and kill my son ? Why would I let you come and take over my S-town ?
 JOHN Awesome ! I say we cut to some Toby Keith here and then cut back to your talk .
 Later the same day . DON and BILLY are meeting with YEMENI in his auto shop . YEMENI is a skinny Middle Eastern man in his 60 .
 YEMENI Travel ban ! We all need this money . I ’ m telling you ! I should take my family out of Yemen !
 DON Billy here is my family . A deal is a deal , man . Otherwise , Billy won ’ t let you do that . Am I right , Billy ? Can he do that ?
 BILLY ( Looks at a water tower outside of the window . ) You think I could climb that ?
 YEMENI They ’ re dropping bomb all over Yemen !
 DON DemocRATS !
 YEMENI Democrats or Republicans , they ’ re all the same for Yemen .
 DON You bet they are !
 YEMENI Look , Don ! The guy who ’ s hooking u up , I know him from the university . This family is happy to pay u in cash .
 DON Thirty grand . No discount ! Otherwise , Billy and I walk out .
 YEMENI I ’ ll see what I can do . My cut is still 25 percent . You O.K . with that ?
 DON Seven grand !
 YEMENI Seventy-five hundred ! And he can ’ t say nonsense like that !
 DON When are we gon na do this ?
 YEMENI Let me call them . The whole thing might take a few day .
 DON Let ’ s do it ! Me and Billy have big plan for the podcast , right ?
 Night . BILLY and DON in the shack . DON is putting meth in his pipe .
 BILLY Darcy ’ s gon na be pissed when she find out .
 DON Darcy is always pissed . Never let a woman fall in love with you , you hear that ?
 BILLY What happens when you love someone ?
 DON ( Taps the pipe gently . ) Nothin ’ .
 BILLY Do you love Darcy ?
 DON No !
 BILLY What about Shannon ? Did you love her ?
 DON What about Shannon , Billy ? How many time have I told you not to ask me about that ? Hand me that lighter .
 BILLY I liked Shannon !
 DON Shh … ( Inhales slowly . ) Shh … ( Exhales and close his eye . )
 BILLY How long is it going to take ?
 DON What ?
 BILLY To take out my kidney .
 DON I don ’ t know , man .
 BILLY ( Stares at the heart he drew on the wall a few year back . ) Will it hurt ?
 Silence .
 DON I don ’ t know , man . Probably not . They ’ ll give you drug . You won ’ t feel nothin ’ .
 BILLY How can you feel nothing ?
 DON Trust me . I can ’ t feel nothing now . Just trust me , man ! Nothin ’ !
 Morning . The day after . YEMENI and DON are meeting in a shanty .
 YEMENI Did they take him in ?
 DON Yeah !
 YEMENI And he didn ’ t talk .
 DON Nope . Signed all the paper . He ’ s fine . He ’ s in surgery now .
 YEMENI ( Hands Don a packet . ) Here ’ s your cut .
 DON How much is it ?
 YEMENI Fifteen grand .
 DON What ?
 YEMENI Told you , man ! They gave me only 20 . Take it ! It ’ s still a lot .
 DON ( Takes the packet . ) I guess we can ’ t get his kidney back .
 YEMENI You bet we can ’ t .
 DON What are you gon na do now ?
 YEMENI Going to Hooters .
 DON I guess I ’ m going with you then .
 YEMENI Yeah ? I thought you ’ re heading back to the hospital .
 DON Nah , man ! I can ’ t . Darcy ’ s there . She ’ ll take care of it .
 The day after . Sun is rising in the scrap yard . BILLY is asleep . Khaleesi is sitting by his bed . DARCY check on him and then come out and sits next to DON , who ’ s sitting on the stair .
 DON How ’ s he doing ?
 DARCY Burning up . I can ’ t believe you did that to him .
 DON ( Looks at the scrap in the yard . ) It ’ s crazy how everything can be stripped down . Parts just taken out . Sold to the highest bidder .
 DARCY He ’ s hallucinating . He said something strange : “ My kidney is my bread ! Why would someone come and take it from me ? ”
 DON Here ’ s your 50 buck .
 DARCY Thanks .
 Silence .
 DARCY I guess I ’ m leavin ’ you .
 DON Yeah ?
 Silence .
 DON What is it with y ’ all woman in the South ? Money come in and y ’ all walk right out .
 DARCY Money ’ s always a problem in the South .
 Nassim Soleimanpour life in Berlin . He is the author of “ White Rabbit , Red Rabbit , ” “ Blind Hamlet ” and “ Nassim , ” an ongoing production at New York City ’ s Center Stage II .
 Eugene Richards life in Brooklyn . His most recent photography monograph is “ The Run-On of Time. ” He collaborated with the actor Javier Bardem on last year ’ s film “ Thy Kingdom Come . ”

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Let u help you start your day .
 By Alisha Haridasani Gupta and Melina Delkic
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning .
 China try to ease economic worry , Carlos Ghosn get ready to leave jail and Hello Kitty head to Hollywood . Here ’ s the latest :
 For the fourth time in five month , the number of migrant crossing America ’ s southern border ha spiked , border enforcement agent said , warning that their detention facility are now full and agent are overwhelmed .
 By the number : More than 60,000 migrant were apprehended at the border in February , about 12,000 more than the previous month . And from October to March 3 , more than 230,000 migrant were apprehended — a 97 percent increase from the previous year .
 Take away : The spike suggests that President Trump ’ s policy aimed at deterring asylum seeker aren ’ t having their intended effect , with migrant traveling in larger group .
 Go deeper : Two child held at Border Patrol facility died in December after showing sign of illness , highlighting the agency ’ s shortfall in assessing and addressing the health need of migrant who , after a grueling journey , are often injured , sick or badly dehydrated .
 In Washington : The Senate ha enough vote to approve a measure that would undo the president ’ s declaration of a national emergency at the border , which could force Mr. Trump to issue the first veto of his time in office .
 Premier Li Keqiang — the second-ranking Chinese official after President Xi Jinping — announced tax cut and new policy in an attempt to stimulate the country ’ s slowing growth .
 More important , Mr. Li said in a speech at the National People ’ s Congress that the government would begin easing it control of the economy , a measure that ha long been sought by small business .
 Details : Mr. Li lowered the country ’ s growth target for the year to anything from 6 to 6.5 percent , leaving some room for slower expansion .
 The premier also cut value added tax to bolster corporate earnings and promised to hand over matter that the government shouldn ’ t manage to the market .
 Criticism : Mr. Li ’ s speech , which didn ’ t address ballooning debt or rising real estate price that have watered down investor confidence in the country , offered fewer specific than critic would have liked .
 The former Nissan chairman could be freed on 1 billion yen bail , or almost $ 9 million , a early a today .
 In previous bail request , the court sided with prosecutor who feared that Mr. Ghosn , who hold French and Lebanese passport , could leave Japan or tamper with evidence .
 As a condition of his release , Mr. Ghosn will be kept under guard and have limited access to outside information , according to his lawyer Junichiro Hironaka , who is famous for winning acquittal in notorious criminal case .
 Background : Mr. Ghosn , the architect of the Nissan-Renault alliance , ha been detained since November on charge of financial wrongdoing .
 He ha denied all allegation and , in an interview in January , blamed his arrest on “ plot and treason ” by executive at Nissan who opposed his plan for deepening tie with Renault .
 Pakistan , after month of international criticism , said it would seize and freeze the asset of people and group that are on the U.N. ’ s list of designated terrorist operating inside the country .
 Already , the Pakistani authority detained 44 people connected to Jaish-e-Muhammad , a listed terrorist group , including the brother and the son of it chief , Masood Azhar .
 The move came a India and Pakistan are still on edge after a suicide bombing in Kashmir last month claimed by Jaish-e-Muhammad killed 40 troop — the region ’ s deadliest attack in 30 year — and sparked a military clash between the two nuclear-armed neighbor .
 Context : Last month , a financial watchdog group also issued a stern warning to Pakistan , saying it failure to address terrorism could open the door to sanction that would devastate it already struggling economy .
 Pakistan ’ s military ha long been accused by neighbor and Western country of cultivating militant group , like the Afghan Taliban , Lashkar-e-Taiba and Jaish-e-Muhammad .
 Grain of salt : Pakistan ha promised to combat terrorism in the past but official say there is a real sense of urgency this time , a Prime Minister Imran Khan is worried about becoming an international pariah .
 India : After failing to compel New Delhi to lower it trade barrier , President Trump decided to strip the country of a special status that protected billion of dollar worth of Indian export from American tariff , setting up new trade tension with the world ’ s second most populous country .
 Indonesia : The death toll from a landslide inside an illegal gold mine on the island of Sulawesi climbed to 17 a rescue worker continued to search for victim .
 Afghanistan : While the country ’ s urban center debate a peace agreement , many rural Afghans who have been underrepresented in the conversation are desperate for an end to a conflict that ha upended their life .
 H.I.V . : For the second time since the global epidemic began , a patient appears to have been cured of the virus that cause AIDS . The news come nearly 12 year to the day after the first patient known to be cured .
 Saudi Arabia : An American woman , Bethany Vierra , who moved to the kingdom in 2011 , ha been trapped there since she divorced her Saudi husband because of so-called guardianship law , her cousin told The Times . Ms. Vierra is unable to use her bank account , leave the country with her daughter or even seek legal help .
 Pollution : According to a new report , most of the world ’ s 20 most polluted city are in South Asia — 15 are in India , two in Pakistan and one in Bangladesh — making it a particularly toxic region .
 Brexit : Britain ’ s withdrawal from the E.U . could disrupt the country ’ s meat industry , which ha so far leaned heavily on European country to cater to British consumer ’ preference for cut-up , boneless and , most vexingly to farmer , white meat .
 Philippines : The Philippines ’ top defense official said the government should review a decades-old treaty with the U.S. to prevent being dragged into a conflict with China in the disputed South China Sea .
 Denmark : The country , which is regularly lauded for it gender equality and access to justice , ha a “ pervasive ‘ rape culture ’ and endemic impunity for rapist , ” according to a new Amnesty International report . Some woman say that when reporting assault , they are met with gendered stereotype that focus on their clothing or action rather than their attacker .
 Pritzker Prize : Architecture ’ s highest honor wa awarded to Arata Isozaki , a Japanese architect , urban designer and theorist known for fusing East and West , modern and postmodern , and more . Mr. Isozaki ’ s more than 100 building include the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles , the Palau Sant Jordi in Barcelona and the Qatar National Convention Center in Doha .
 Hello Kitty : The beloved Japanese cat that wa created in 1974 by Sanrio Corporation and became a billion dollar merchandising superstar is finally coming to Hollywood in a feature film that will be produced by Warner Bros .
 “ Game of Thrones ” : HBO released the trailer for the show ’ s final season , which includes titillating glimpse of the battle to come .
 Tips for a more fulfilling life .
 Recipe of the day : Make this pasta with fresh herb , lemon and pea even better with flake of good olive-oil-packed tuna . ( Sign up for the Five Weeknight Dishes newsletter for more recipe recommendation . )
 Listening feel like a lost art these day . Here are way to give someone your full attention .
 Why is vegan beauty all the buzz now ? We break it down .
 Thugs : It seems the world is full of them .
 Michael Cohen , President Trump ’ s former personal lawyer , painted himself a a “ thug ’ s thug ” in public testimony , our Op-Ed columnist Maureen Dowd judged .
 Leaders like Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela , Kim Jong-un of North Korea and Narendra Modi of India have been called thug , too .
 The word can be traced to “ thag , ” a Hindi word meaning “ thief ” or “ con man , ” whose root go back to Sanskrit .
 It ’ s believed that for century , gang of thief and assassin called thug operated throughout India . In thrall to Kali , the goddess of destruction , they were believed to commit “ thuggee ” — setting up and often strangling victim .
 In the 1800s , the British who were beginning to spread across the country decided to put a stop to them .
 Under the leadership of Lord William Bentinck , thousand of people identified a thug were captured , convicted and sentenced . In the 1830s , thug were declared “ destroyed . ”
 Some now question whether thug were a destructive a reported in colonial representation .
 Alisha Haridasani Gupta wrote today ’ s Back Story .
 Your Morning Briefing is published weekday morning and updated online . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning . You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknight .
 And our Australia bureau chief offer a weekly letter adding analysis and conversation with reader .
 Browse our full range of Times newsletter here .
 What would you like to see here ? Contact u at asiabriefing @ nytimes.com .
 Alisha Haridasani Gupta writes the Morning Briefing . @ alisha__g
 Melina Delkic is a senior staff editor . @ MelinaDelkic
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Essay
 By Sloane Crosley
 When I worked a a book publicist , my bos told me that the blessing and curse of our industry is that “ everyone think they can do what we do , even though no one ha a clue what we do. ” This comment wa prompted by a marketing meeting during which we were lauded for glowing review coverage that no reasonable person could attribute to our effort , while simultaneously being asked whether we had “ tried the ‘ Today ’ show. ” Because pitching the “ Today ” show is just the kind of thing that would never occur to a book publicist .
 I often revisit my bos ’ s assessment of our world — not a an author myself but a a person who watch an obscene number of show and movie . Hollywood ’ s love affair with book publishing ha been long and varied , touching every cinematic genre . And yet it is a love that dare not spell it name correctly . Despite decade of sending emissary back and forth from coast to coast , swapping medium , one side looking for money , the other for legitimacy , we remain stranger to our cousin in storytelling .
 To be fair , any story set in an industry other than filmmaking is bound to incur infelicity when being handled by people who think filmmaking is the noblest cause . However , because book publishing is a comparatively niche business , the inaccuracy prick the ear . Films about publishing put too fine a point on our role a narrative mulch . In the romantic comedy “ The Proposal , ” Sandra Bullock play a big-shot book editor . Early in the film , they ( one imago a producer consensus being reached ) have her refer to Don DeLillo a Don “ De-lee-lo. ” The actor playing the head of the publishing house echo the pronunciation back to her . De-lee-lo . Light of my airborne toxic event , fire of my nuclear war . “ The Proposal ” wa released in 2009 but wa apparently filmed in a bunker with no internet access . If this sound nitpicky , I might remind you that I wa not the one who decided Don DeLillo wa famous enough to plop into a major studio script .
 More recently , in the charming series “ Younger , ” Miriam Shor play Diana Trout , the head of marketing at a boutique publishing house . Diana ha an award on her desk from “ the London lit fair , ” which absolutely no one call it . As the season unfurl , the nonsense pile up : Someone from publicity asks what “ PEN ” stand for ; editor have publicist ; publishing house sell book to other publishing house ; author take editor with them when they switch publisher ; a small company with a “ Game of Thrones ” -level franchise is somehow in constant danger of bankruptcy ; and member of the editorial staff spew impossible command like “ We ’ re on tight launch for the fall … so I will need marketing and cover artwork by the end of this week. ” Have these people met a managing editor ? They ’ d be lucky to walk away with some of their finger .
 Happily , once realism ha been pulped like the first print run of a fraudulent memoir , the fun can begin . In “ Younger , ” a in “ Fifty Shades of Grey , ” a woman who look a if she couldn ’ t legally rent a car is given her own publishing company ; Joan Didion is allegedly spotted “ hoarding gift bag ” ; there ’ s concern an author will be “ scooped up by those mouth breather at Little Brown ” ; and the ( actual ) host of “ Bookworm , ” a nationally syndicated radio show , grill an author about her sex life . Meanwhile , the series is not without it flash of spine-chilling verisimilitude : “ Black tie mean black tie , ” Diana say before an award ceremony . “ No color . This isn ’ t the Grammys ! ”
 Historically , book publishing work best on film when it function a a springboard to a different world . “ Fatal Attraction ” is about a book editor but , well , is it ? A child ’ s book is intentionally printed with page missing in “ Elf. ” But , well , Santa . “ The Last Days of Disco ” is partially set at a publishing house . We easily forgive the film ’ s suggestion that one need a best seller to be promoted to associate editor — in fact , the job title is a stopgap , a mean of promoting an assistant while taking away her overtime — because “ The Last Days of Disco ” is not about publishing . It ’ s a comedy of manner about New York in the early 1980s , not “ The Last Days of Carbon Copies . ”
 Few movie really succeed a both realism and entertainment . One is “ The Scoundrel , ” starring Noël Coward a a pretentious publisher . It ’ s filled with jab like “ I refuse to make money improving people ’ s moral , it ’ s a vulgar way to swindle the public , ” and “ This anteroom is fairly quivering with outraged geniuses. ” But it wa released in 1935 . And while plenty of movie and show since have done well by the actual writing life ( “ The Ghost Writer , ” “ Wonder Boys , ” “ Bored to Death ” ) , “ The Scoundrel ” is a rare bird . The closest approximation of it I ’ ve seen is “ Wolf ” ( 1994 ) , a campy film in which an editor , played by Jack Nicholson , and a marketing director , played by James Spader , turn into werewolf a Michelle Pfeiffer look on , blondly . “ Wolf ” doe wonder with the publishing world before it start howling at the moon . The desk are messy , the office are quirky , Time Warner is derided a “ a multinational medium conglomerate , ” Nicholson us his newfound wolf power to edit without his glass and a publisher is advised never to “ stint on review copy . ”
 It ’ s rarely said that Hollywood is coming from a good place , but in the case of book publishing , I believe it is . Its skewed depiction often seem careless or condescending , but they stem from a healthy desire to superimpose tension . No one want to read about grass growing but what they really don ’ t want to do is watch grass growing . So what ’ s a little blackmail between editor ?
 At least Hollywood ’ s version of book publishing is consistent in it warped idea : Every company is publicly owned , and there is zero padding between a junior copy editor and “ the board ” or “ the shareholders. ” And everyone ’ s job are completely interchangeable . So long a you have the capacity to leave the office and come back , you can acquire a book , start an imprint , poach an author , triple a budget or sell movie right ( the irony ! ) . You don ’ t have to tell anyone you ’ re doing it , either . Make like you ’ re in “ Good Will Hunting ” : Scribble the answer on the chalkboard and run .
 But by far the strangest and most glaring commonality is the presumption of glamour . This stem from a conflation with magazine publishing along with a belief that an audience will tune out unless glitter is sprayed in their eye . Story line are chock-a-block with perk like fashion fitting , “ company seat ” and name-brand coffee . Central to the ethos of book publishing is the notion that everything cool is being pushed out , nothing cool is coming in . This is what bind u , publisher and writer alike . We try to sneak book into your house and under your pillow . We crumble them over your food when you ’ re not looking . In return ? Bupkis . Only after you ’ ve worked at a publishing house for so many decade you literally can ’ t walk do we let you take an Uber home .
 So why doe Hollywood keep trying if publishing is such a tough code to crack ? Perhaps it ’ s because everyone like a challenge . More likely , it ’ s because they know we have a secret . They know there ’ s something lasting and human and world-changing and completely bonkers that we ’ re hiding behind our molasses-like culture and confounding royalty statement . At the end of “ The Last Days of Disco , ” after everyone ’ s been laid off from their respective industry , Chloë Sevigny ’ s character is the only one left employed — a an associate editor .
 “ I don ’ t envy her though , ” say Kate Beckinsale ’ s character . “ Stuck in book publishing . ”
 Oh , it ’ s not a bad a it look . One can ’ t believe everything one see on screen .
 Sloane Crosley is the author , most recently , of “ Look Alive Out There , ” a collection of essay .
 Follow New York Times Books on Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , sign up for our newsletter or our literary calendar . And listen to u on the Book Review podcast .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 How ha an enclave for emo kid and mall goth resisted the retail apocalypse ? With merch .
 By Paula Mejía
 On a recent afternoon , the Hot Topic store at the King of Prussia Mall , outside of Philadelphia , teemed with teenager , 20-somethings and stroller-pushing parent . The shopper sifted through rack of “ Harry Potter ” plush doll , “ Riverdale ” sweater and “ Kiki ’ s Delivery Service ” jewelry , seeking the perfect physical manifestation of their — or their child ’ s — fandom .
 Demitri Benton , 19 , of Reading , Pa. , had come to browse the shop ’ s “ Deadpool ” offering . “ It ’ s usually the first or maybe second place I come to , ” he said . “ It ha so many thing that you probably wouldn ’ t be able to find in any other store a far a , like , anime , video game , TV show . ”
 Former mall goth , punk and emo kid may remember the store differently . In the ’ 90 and early aught , one did not so much enter a descend into Hot Topic . The suburban shopping center staple wa dungeonlike , with hellish gate that led shopper into a dark commercial corridor .
 Inside , a wall of T-shirts emblazoned with the name of rock band and irreverent saying wa flanked by pile of studded belt and rubber bracelet . Manic Panic hair dye could be purchased in a wide range of parent-infuriating hue . Often the shopping experience wa set to a blaring soundtrack of Nine Inch Nails and My Chemical Romance ( whose frontman — fun fact — once worked at Hot Topic ) .
 The massive T-shirt display is still there , and so is much of the infernal darkness . “ Literally I have seen people run to the door , and their parent steer them away and say , ‘ They worship Satan , we can ’ t go in there , ’ ” said Alexis Monkiewicz , a key holder at the King of Prussia location .
 But these day , the store known for inciting parental panic is also home to a dizzying array of obsession . There ’ s merch for die-hard fan of BTS , Billie Eilish and Black Sabbath stocked alongside collectible designed for those who love My Little Pony , Care Bears and the Disney princess . They ’ ve even turned the light up a bit .
 Though Hot Topic ha not publicly disclosed it financials since the private equity firm Sycamore Partners acquired it in June 2013 for about $ 600 million , the brand ’ s endurance in the narrowing market of junior apparel suggests that the brighter , broader inventory is selling . ( Sycamore Partners declined to comment for this article . )
 The company ’ s sustained brick-and-mortar presence may also indicate it health amid report of record-high mall vacancy and closure . Hot Topic currently operates 676 store in the United States and Canada , up from 662 location in 2014 , in addition to an online store where one can buy good from hundred of entertainment franchise .
 In a 2018 report , the youth marketing research firm YPulse found that Gen Z and millennial shopper deemed Hot Topic the top retail destination for “ unique style , ” with Nike coming in second .
 “ What Hot Topic ha managed to do really amazingly — and quietly — is to pivot their product and their brand perception to cater to the next generation and what they ’ re most interested in , ” said MaryLeigh Bliss , the vice president of content at Ypulse . “ They have completely kept up with what young consumer want . ”
 Steve Vranes , the C.E.O . of Hot Topic since June 2016 , said that he had watched the company ’ s evolution “ from afar ” through his work in retail before he joined the company . His résumé includes the child ’ s clothier Gymboree and Urbio , a design company that manufacture vertical garden .
 “ I knew it had changed a little bit and had gone from being considered solely a more of a goth brand to really evolving to be a much broader set of product over time , ” Mr. Vranes said . “ It ’ s kind of organically continued to change all the time , and I think that ’ s part of why we ’ re successful . We continue to question every single year , ‘ What do customer want that they ’ re not getting anywhere else ? ’ ”
 What they want , it seems , is merch , and Hot Topic ha plenty . According to a company representative , more than 75 percent of Hot Topic ’ s product are the result of agreement with intellectual property owner , including record label and entertainment studio , to license their official merchandise .
 That mean you can buy an Ariana Grande “ Sweetener ” T-shirt on the artist ’ s website , if you want . Or you can buy it on hottopic.com , where you won ’ t get a digital album download with your purchase , but you ’ ll spend le money .
 Hot Topic ha always been home to affordable fan gear . Orv and LeAnn Madden , who started the store out of their Southern California garage in October 1989 , sold “ The Nightmare Before Christmas ” stocking and “ South Park ” sticker when those franchise had but nascent fandom .
 Hot Topic wa also among the first youth retailer to offer plus-size option , which sold so well that the company started a plus-size label , Torrid , in 2001 . Seeing a growth opportunity , Sycamore Partners spun off Torrid into it own company in 2015 . ( Such investment have been key to Sycamore ’ s success — and caused the ire of some interested party . Hot Topic Inc. bondholder sued Sycamore in 2017 for what they described a an “ insider scheme ” to profit from the company ’ s “ crown jewel . ” )
 Hot Topic ’ s wholesale catering to fan likely began around 2004 , said Ed Labay , the vice president of merchandise . That wa the year “ Napoleon Dynamite ” became a cultural phenomenon — Hot Topic ’ s “ Vote for Pedro ” T-shirts flew off the shelf — and when , Mr. Labay said , “ we really started to see these pop culture moment hit in a much bigger way than I think they ever had before . ”
 The company experienced another surge in 2008 , when “ Twilight ” fan were treated with in-store event and merchandise around the first film ’ s release .
 But even Edward Cullen couldn ’ t inoculate Hot Topic against the retail apocalypse that ha roiled physical store and shopping center since the Great Recession . That same year , the company announced a music discovery platform , ShockHound , which never took off and cost the company at least $ 3 million . In late 2010 , The Los Angeles Times reported on a financial dip at Hot Topic that led to staff cut and store closure .
 “ Hot Topic wa not immune to the broader consumer spending slowdown during the recession , ” Mr. Vranes said .
 Ultimately those loss were cause to think bigger , not smaller . In 2012 , Hot Topic began a partnership with Her Universe , a woman ’ s wear company for “ fangirls , ” then acquired it in 2016 .
 In 2015 , Hot Topic Inc. founded BoxLunch , another chain offering licensed and unlicensed fan merchandise . The brand also established a presence at Comic-Con in San Diego , Los Angeles and New York . For year , Hot Topic ha been a sponsor of a “ geek couture ” fashion show at San Diego ’ s Comic-Con with Her Universe .
 The company still relies heavily on in-store sale . In a recent credit analysis , Moody ’ s projected that Hot Topic would see “ modest ” revenue growth in 2019 , in part from the uptick in it e-commerce sector , it reasonable price ( the average cost per item is $ 12 ) and the promotional surge surrounding big-ticket movie release .
 The expansion of Hot Topic ’ s mandate ha helped keep the company afloat in an uncertain retail landscape . It is also evocative of a cultural shift : Now people can be a part of many fan community , even seemingly divergent one , and be taken seriously .
 “ When we were in our early teen , you had to label yourself a something . You were a punk , or a jock , or you listened to hip-hop . That wa your whole identity , ” said T.J. Petracca , a founder of the roving party Emo Nite , which license some of it merchandise to Hot Topic .
 These day , he said , “ if you like Drake , you can also like Panic ! at the Disco . There ’ s not a much separation a there used to be . ”
 The specific density of object and apparel within the store conveys that , too . Mr. Labay likened Hot Topic ’ s layout to the inside of “ a teen ’ s mind , ” or a constantly updating social medium feed .
 Mr. Vranes said that the store “ is a reflection of all of the change from a content perspective , and all of the access that fan have to these different property and band and artist and shows. ” ( His fandom of choice is “ Game of Thrones . ” )
 The internet , especially Tumblr , ha helped bring these world together . It ha also changed the meaning of community for fan across the pop culture spectrum .
 The ability to connect over the internet , said Susan Kresnicka , who run the business anthropology firm Kresnicka Research & Insights , changed “ what made you feel like an outsider and slightly abnormal in a previous era ” into a mean of connecting with other obsessed fan .
 “ If you can go online and find that there are people all over this world that are fan of this one little idiosyncratic television show that you happen to love with all your heart , you don ’ t feel quite so weird or not mainstream yourself , ” Ms. Kresnicka said .
 For teenager who don ’ t have the money to attend concert or Comic-Con , and particularly for those who don ’ t live in urban area , Hot Topic ’ s store function a critical meeting place .
 “ The presence of Hot Topic in mall is related to the presence of convention , ” said Louisa Stein , an associate professor of film and medium culture at Middlebury College . “ There ’ s a place you can go and kind of have your fan identity acknowledged in physical space and see other fan in that space with you . ”
 The company also frequently hold contest where people can submit T-shirt design for movie and TV merch . The winner ’ artwork are sold in store nationwide .
 The conversation between fan and Hot Topic can be highly specific . In the fall of 2018 , the retailer caused a stir by listing a T-shirt on it website a “ Destiel ” : a portmanteau of two “ Supernatural ” character , Dean and Castiel , whose onscreen chemistry is the subject of much fan fiction , a well a contention .
 ( The dedication of the “ Supernatural ” fandom is largely what ha kept the show on the air for 14 season despite poor rating , and the show ’ s writer have been known to make cheeky reference to fan theory in script . “ Supernatural ” is now set to end after it 15th season . )
 Hot Topic wa seen to be taking a side in the dispute by naming the shirt Destiel , and fan feverishly discussed whether the show would pursue a more explicit Destiel story line , said Rachel Aparicio , a medium and gender study scholar at Kresnicka Research & Insights , and a “ Supernatural ” fan herself .
 “ It definitely signaled a shift to me in watching how the company is engaging with fandom , and doing it at a level that is very insider with something like that , ” she said .
 To wit : On one “ Supernatural ” episode , Castiel buy a younger character a plush toy and say , “ I got it at the Hot Topical. ” Hot Topic then began selling shirt that read : “ I got it at the Hot Topical. ” ( Hot Topic ha since pulled the Destiel shirt . When asked , Mr. Labay said he “ can not confirm or deny ” that he know anything about it . )
 Some may call it a niche reference . But for fan , that ’ s the whole point .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Manuel Betancourt
 When Penelope Alvarez caught her teenage son , Alex , vaping marijuana , her distress wasn ’ t just about the pot — not in California , and not when her own mother wa off getting legally stoned at the opera .
 “ The reality is , if a white kid like Dylan get caught with a little weed , he get a cool story , ” she told her son , referring to his friend . She and Alex , character played by Justina Machado and Marcel Ruiz on the sitcom “ One Day at a Time , ” are Cuban-American .
 “ You ? ” she went on . “ You could wind up in prison . ”
 For the writer of “ Nip It in the Bud ” — Episode 5 in that show ’ s third season , which hit Netflix this month — the juvenile drug plot wa at once a reliable sitcom standby and an opportunity to broaden the kind of teary-eyed conversation it usually depends on . Gloria Calderón Kellett , the series ’ s showrunner , said she had been keen to complicate the picture , beyond “ Just Say No . ”
 “ One of the thing we were talking about wa vaping and , in California especially , with pot being legal now , how it ’ s confusing for some teenager , ” she said .
 “ The added thing in this family , ” she continued , going on to use a gender-neutral term for people of Hispanic origin , “ is that , yes , drug are a big deal . But also , if you ’ re a Latinx kid who look like Alex and have darker skin — if you ’ re out with your white friend , guess who ’ s going to get in trouble ? ”
 Call it the latest in a long line of “ Very Special Episodes , ” updated for a more diverse , more politically thoughtful , more pot-permissive age .
 Since the early 1970s , the Very Special Episode , a it ha half-mockingly come to be known , ha provided sitcom writer with a ready template for speaking earnestly , and ( sometimes ) with levity , to family about societal issue , particularly drug . But a the culture ha evolved , the requirement of — and the taste for — such episode have evolved with it .
 Viewed historically , “ One Day at a Time ” represents the most recent phase of that often corny , but obviously durable , convention .
 From it earliest incarnation , the family sitcom ha served a both mirror and model . The Cleavers , the Bunkers , the Huxtables , the Conners : All , in their way , have functioned a workaday avatar for those watching at home .
 But where sitcom in the ’ 50 and ’ 60 generally eschewed social messaging , there wa a shift toward social realism evident in the sitcom of the 1970s , part of a broader change in the demand of audience , who increasingly wanted to see their own experience represented onscreen .
 Networks at the time also had demographic concern , said Mary M. Dalton , a professor of communication and film study at Wake Forest University and a co-editor of the essay collection “ The Sitcom Reader : America Viewed and Skewed . ”
 “ We ’ ve got people rioting in the street , and we ’ ve got the antiwar movement , and we have the generation gap , ” she said . “ And we have CBS canceling it rural sitcom because advertiser wanted a younger , more urban demographic , because those are the consumer they ’ re targeting . ”
 Shows like “ The Beverly Hillbillies ” and “ Green Acres ” disappeared , giving way to more topical , urban-based sitcom . The writer and producer Norman Lear , who created show like “ All in the Family , ” “ Maude ” and the original “ One Day at a Time , ” pioneered a new kind of sitcom , in which humor wa used a a bridge to address serious issue like divorce and sexual assault .
 The Very Special Episode — such a when Maude decides to get an abortion in the two-part episode “ Maude ’ s Dilemma ” — pushed the boundary of that approach . As such , it wa often characterized by a difference in tone .
 “ One of the reason why we chuckle or use air quote or even a falsetto tone when we say ‘ A Very Special Episode ’ is because , of course , these issue are complex and some have long-term implication , ” Dalton said . “ And these can not be resolved in 22 minute . ”
 The subject of drug abuse wa mostly absent from the groundbreaking sitcom of the 1970s , but a Lear ’ s influence spread , creator like Gary David Goldberg made early attempt in the ’ 80 to take it on with that same kind of thoughtful , socially conscious approach . His sitcom “ Family Ties ” offer a prime example .
 The actor Michael Gross , who played that show ’ s ex-hippy father , Steven Keaton , noted the evident shift in tack .
 “ This wa not ‘ Happy Days , ’ ” he said . “ This wa not ‘ Laverne & Shirley. ’ This wa not ‘ Joanie Loves Chachi. ’ ” Creators like Lear and Goldberg “ were out to say something without necessarily hitting you over the head . ”
 “ Family Ties ” aimed to strike that balance , including on the subject of drug . An episode like “ Speed Trap , ” in which the son , Alex ( Michael J . Fox ) , take amphetamine to increase his chance of getting into a good college , marked the show a an heir apparent to the kind of sitcom Lear had perfected . The topic wa serious . But the joke were still there .
 “ Humor did make it all easier , ” Gross added . “ There ’ s nothing worse than feeling like you ’ re being preached to , that somebody ’ s nagging at you . ”
 But a Nancy Reagan ’ s “ Just Say No ” campaign ramped up , the antidrug episode soon became a staple of 1980s family sitcom . The tone taken by many other sitcom wa more stilted .
 Often , they felt like public service announcement for teenager and their parent . After a group of cool girl pressure the 9-year-old Punky ( Soleil Moon Frye ) to smoke a joint on “ Punky Brewster , ” she just say no , let the girl know “ drug are bad for you , ” then go on to create a Just Say No Club and organize an antidrug march .
 “ Diff ’ rent Strokes ” went even further : Nancy Reagan starred a herself in one episode , confronting the boy Arnold and Willis ( Gary Coleman and Todd Bridges ) in their own classroom .
 Dealing with the seriousness and the long-term consequence of issue like drug abuse in a single , tidy half-hour inevitably felt simplistic . Story line in the ’ 90 about the peril of caffeine pill in “ Saved by the Bell , ” speed in “ The Fresh Prince of Bel Air ” and weed in “ The Wayans Bros. ” offered all-too quaint — if not outright conservative — presentation of complex subject .
 Bruce Helford , who worked on “ Family Ties ” before writing for sitcom like “ Roseanne ” and “ The Drew Carey Show , ” joked that television writer probably wrote those episode a easy Emmy-grabs — which , he said , wa exactly what writer on “ Drew Carey ” did for “ A Very Special Drew , ” it fourth-wall breaking Season 5 finale that took on illiteracy , kleptomania , addiction and homosexuality .
 “ During Norman Lear ’ s time , those were truly Very Special Episodes , ” Helford said . “ Very often what it devolved into — and why it went away for a while — is that it started to diminish the power of real problem . ”
 “ Roseanne , ” which had already broken ground with it candid depiction of a blue-collar family , also broke with convention when it came to discussing drug . The 1993 episode “ A Stash from the Past ” feature the requisite sit-down talk between parent and a pot-smoking teenager . Eventually the parent realize the stash wa theirs all along — and proceed to smoke it .
 The Conners soon discover that parenting while high is hard to do . The lesson is ostensibly the same ( drug are bad ) , but the irreverence turned the usual sitcom self-seriousness on it head .
 [ Before Season 8 begin , sign up for our “ Game of Thrones ” newsletter for a rewatch guide for the first seven season . ]
 Given it propensity for self-seriousness , the genre soon gave way to parody . Twenty-first century sitcom like “ The Goldbergs , ” “ Bojack Horseman ” and “ Family Guy ” have mined the convention of the drug-focused Very Special Episode in order to poke fun at them — part of a broader cultural attitude that value irony , self-awareness and a more nuanced perspective on drug use .
 Still , an appetite for something like the Very Special Episode persists , a evidenced by the success of “ One Day at a Time , ” which is crammed with heart-to-heart discussion . The challenge for today ’ s creator ha been figuring out how to have drug conversation meaningfully when the curtain on the old way ha been pulled back .
 “ We talk about how not to do a Very Special Episode but something that is just another episode of our show that will start conversation in people ’ s household , ” said Calderón Kellett from “ One Day at a Time . ”
 Still , she acknowledged the lasting influence of the tradition , which often crop up in her writer ’ room , however derisively .
 “ Certainly , people of my generation , we talk about the Very Special Episode , ” she said . “ The bike shop in ‘ Diff ’ rent Strokes , ’ Tom Hanks a the drunk uncle in ‘ Family Ties ’ : I remember those episode ! ”
 The writer for contemporary sitcom like “ Modern Family ” and “ The Conners ” seem similarly interested in doing something different . In one “ Modern Family ” episode , weed supply the jokey premise in which two strait-laced character finally let loose . “ The Conners ” debuted last year with a serious episode that took on the opioid crisis .
 It ’ s not not earnest . But no one is running off to start a Just Say No Club .
 “ On ‘ Roseanne ’ and ‘ The Conners , ’ we always try to not preach , ” said Helford , who today is an executive producer on “ The Conners. ” “ We would say thing we thought were important , but we never have an agenda . It would just be : How is this thing going on in the world going to affect these working people ? We were illuminating something .
 “ But , a we like to say : ‘ It ’ s a sitcom . It ’ s not brain surgery . ’ ”


 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Let u help you start your day .
 By Alisha Haridasani Gupta
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning .
 Huawei get a potential boost in Europe , Saudi Arabia court Asia and scientist try to figure out why zebra have stripe . Here ’ s the latest :
 In addition to the president ’ s public criticism of the many investigation that have consumed his time in the White House , an examination by The Times found a sustained , behind-the-scenes effort by Mr. Trump to beat back the probe .
 Details : The president tried to install a perceived loyalist in charge of a federal inquiry looking into hush money payment for woman who , during the presidential campaign , claimed that they had sex with Mr. Trump .
 How we know : Times reporter interviewed dozen of current and former government official and others close to Mr. Trump , and reviewed confidential White House document .
 Why it matter : Mr. Trump ’ s public and secret effort to undermine the investigation and unleash an unprecedented attack of his own law enforcement apparatus have exposed him to accusation of obstruction of justice . Here are more takeaway from our investigation .
 Reaction : Mr. Trump dismissed the reporting a false and called The Times a “ true enemy of the people ” — invoking a term Nazi Germany and Stalin-era Soviets used to vilify opponent .
 Other White House news : The president is preparing to establish a panel to review scientific and defense warning that climate change is a profound risk to national security . It is to include a physicist who ha gained notoriety in the scientific community for suggesting that carbon dioxide — widely believed to be a damaging greenhouse gas — is beneficial to humanity .
 Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman ha landed in China for meeting with President Xi Jinping and other official — the last stop of a whirlwind tour that also included Pakistan and India .
 His swing through the region is aimed at deepening economic tie . More broadly , it reflects the kingdom ’ s effort to diversify it alliance after relation with Western nation soured .
 Background : Western country have been distancing themselves since the killing of a dissident writer , Jamal Khashoggi , in Turkey last year , which many suspect wa directed by the prince . There ha also been increasing scrutiny of the kingdom ’ s role in the war in Yemen , which the U.N. ha called the world ’ s worst current humanitarian disaster .
 Why it matter : Saudi Arabia ’ s renewed focus on Asian country that have prioritized economic cooperation with the kingdom over human right concern sends a signal to the West . “ The message is that there are other option out there , ” said one expert .
 In the U.S. : House Democrats opened an investigation this week into the Trump administration ’ s plan to circumvent normal policymaking process to build nuclear power plant in Saudi Arabia , which they say could spread nuclear weapon technology in the volatile Middle East .
 Britain , it seems , isn ’ t too worried about using technology from the Chinese giant , despite warning from the U.S. that Huawei is beholden to Beijing and a proxy for espionage .
 The head of Britain ’ s National Cyber Security Center , Ciaran Martin , said at a conference in Brussels that any risk posed by using Huawei ’ s technology could be mitigated , citing the strict British security review the company ha been subjected to for more than 15 year .
 Why it matter : By the end of the year , Britain will decide whether or not to use Huawei ’ s technology in building out it 5G network .
 Countries across Europe that are also considering Huawei for their 5G network are watching closely , looking for clue on whether the White House ’ s claim have been exaggerated .
 The U.S. position : American official have argued that 5G network are much more complex than existing system , and that the many line of constantly updating code make the system nearly impossible to protect entirely .
 The White House , while pressuring ally to block Huawei , hasn ’ t provided evidence to back up it accusation of espionage , and the company ha always denied the claim .
 A prominent scholar and intellectual , Professor Anand Teltumbde , who ha been a vocal critic of Prime Minister Narendra Modi wa jailed and could be charged with conspiring “ to overthrow the established government . ”
 But human right activist and academic around the world , including Noam Chomsky , view the case against him a part of the government ’ s effort to quash criticism ahead of crucial election later this year .
 Background : In a speech in 2017 , Mr. Teltumbde compared Mr. Modi to Hitler , saying his policy — which are rooted in Hindu nationalism — amounted to “ fascism. ” He also blamed the prime minister for religious riot in Gujarat in 2002 that killed more than 1,000 people .
 Reaction : Alarmed intellectual have signed international petition calling on the U.N. to intervene .
 Islamic State : Two American woman who traveled to Syria to join the terrorist group and married it fighter now regret their decision and want to come back home . Their prospect of doing so may be limited .
 The Forbidden City : For the first time since 1925 , the historic Beijing landmark ha opened it door to the public at night for two day this week , allowing visitor to view it palace and temple in ethereal lighting .
 China : Hundreds of people gathered in Beijing to mourn Li Rui , 104 , a former aide to Mao Zedong who later became a vocal critic of the party . The funeral followed Communist Party protocol , which his daughter said he would have not have wanted .
 K-Pop : South Korea ’ s government , concerned about how “ identical ” pop star with the same delicate feature and slim figure influence the country ’ s youth , issued broadcast guideline to restrict their presence on TV . The move drew widespread criticism from fan , including comparison to censorship during the country ’ s military dictatorship .
 Cyberattacks : Microsoft said that a group of hacker with tie to the Kremlin ’ s intelligence apparatus targeted research group and nongovernmental organization across Europe ahead of European Parliament election in May , the latest attempt to disrupt opponent of President Vladimir Putin .
 Brexit : Britain ’ s divorce from the E.U . is straining it political structure . Three lawmaker who represent the more pro-European wing of Britain ’ s governing Conservatives resigned from their party in protest of hard-liners ’ influence on much of the E.U . withdrawal plan . Two day earlier , eight lawmaker quit the opposition Labour Party .
 Europe : At a time when populism threatens to undermine the cohesiveness of the bloc , Germany and the Netherlands have come together to create the world ’ s first binational battalion , an informal test case for a European army .
 The Roman Catholic Church : Pope Francis and other church leader convene today for an unprecedented conference on clerical sexual abuse . Ahead of that gathering , our Op-Ed columnist Frank Bruni weighs in on a different problem confronting the church : it treatment of gay Catholics .
 “ Game of Thrones ” : With just under two month to go before HBO release the eighth and final season of it biggest-ever hit , The Times is rolling out a preseason guide to rewatching the first seven season , with a deep dive into plot twist and theme you might have forgotten and tribute to the character loved and lost . Sign up here to get it by email .
 Zebra science : Scientists dressed horse in patterned “ coat ” — and think they understand why zebra stripe protect against fly .
 Tips for a more fulfilling life .
 Recipe of the day : Feed the kid in record time with creamy pasta , bacon and pea .
 Drowning in plastic ? We have nine step to help you cut down your single-use plastic consumption .
 If you have a chronic illness , researching it will help you take control , and allow your friend and relative to get a better understanding of what you ’ re going through .
 “ In fortune , child , friend , or wife ,
 Owe all their zest to thee . ”
 Those grateful line are from an ode to Sake ( or Sheikh ) Dean Mahomed , a Bengali who introduced the concept of shampooing to Britain .
 Mahomed — who died on or around this day in 1851 — had many talent . In 1794 , he became the first Indian to publish a book in English . In 1810 , he opened the first Indian restaurant in England , the Hindoostane Coffee House in London .
 But it wa his next project that put him on the map . In 1814 , he opened a Brighton bathhouse offering luxurious steam bath that ended with a signature head massage , known in India a “ champi , ” or “ shampoo . ”
 He claimed the popular massage cured an assortment of ailment , including asthma and paralysis , in a book titled , aptly , “ Shampooing , or , Benefits Resulting From the Use of Indian Medicated Vapor Bath . ”
 He wa eventually given a royal warrant a the “ Shampooing Surgeon ” to the king .
 Your briefing writer , Alisha Haridasani Gupta , wrote today ’ s Back Story .
 Your Morning Briefing is published weekday morning and updated online . Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian , Asian , European or American morning . You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknight .
 And our Australia bureau chief offer a weekly letter adding analysis and conversation with reader .
 Browse our full range of Times newsletter here .
 What would you like to see here ? Contact u at asiabriefing @ nytimes.com .
 Alisha Haridasani Gupta writes the Morning Briefing . @ alisha__g
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Alan Feuer and Emily Palmer
 [ What you need to know to start the day : Get New York Today in your inbox . ]
 The drug conspiracy trial of Joaquín Guzmán Loera , the Mexican crime lord known a El Chapo , ha been something like a marathon of sprint : Four day a week , for nearly two month , a Shakespearean cast of witness ha appeared in court and told the epic tale of how Mr. Guzmán rose from living in poverty in the mountain of Sinaloa , Mexico , to become one of the richest — and most ruthless — drug dealer in the world .
 The trial , in Federal District Court in Brooklyn , paused just before Christmas and resume on Thursday morning . It is expected to last for another month or two and is likely to proceed at the same grueling pace .
 Here , in advance of the trial ’ s second half , is a brief recap of the testimony so far :
 · During Mr. Guzmán ’ s early day a a young , ambitious trafficker , witness testified , the nascent kingpin struck up a partnership with Juan Carlos Ramírez Abadía , his first supplier of Colombian cocaine .
 · In describing the inner working of Mr. Guzmán ’ s organization , the Sinaloa drug cartel , one of the crime lord ’ s operation chief , Jesús Zambada García , presented a kind of master class on the cartel , detailing it transportation method , financing technique and major player .
 · Mr. Zambada also accused one of Mexico ’ s top former law enforcement officer , Genaro García Luna , of having twice accepted briefcase stuffed with cartel cash . Apparently , Mr. García Luna wa not alone . The trial ha suggested that corruption in Mexico is a bad , if not worse , than many thought .
 · On the first day of the trial , Mr. Guzmán ’ s lawyer told juror they would soon hear evidence that both the “ current and former president ” of Mexico had taken bribe from the cartel . But Judge Brian M. Cogan ultimately stopped that testimony from being heard .
 · Bloodshed ha been a major theme . New evidence ha shed light on one of the most notorious murder in modern Mexican history : Witnesses described how in 1993 Cardinal Juan Jesús Posadas Ocampo wa gunned down , accidentally , by a team of cartel killer at the Guadalajara airport . Their intended target : Mr. Guzmán .
 · Some of the most damning evidence against Mr. Guzmán ha been secret recording of him conducting drug deal . The juror have heard two so far ; more may be coming .
 · Mr. Guzmán , often portrayed a a gun-loving hothead , also lived in luxury . Among his narco-spoils : a $ 10 million beach house in Acapulco , a fleet of private jet and a rural ranch with a zoo where guest could ride a train past lion , crocodile and bear .
 · A sharper portrait of the cartel ha also emerged . Though cartel are often thought of a highly structured , vertically organized entity , testimony in the trial ha depicted them a chaotic group composed of warring faction — like something out of “ Game of Thrones . ”
 A wide cast of character have testified at the trial . Here are some of the most prominent :
 Jesús Zambada García wa an accountant who joined the Sinaloa cartel under his brother , Ismael Zambada García , and handled cartel expense for two decade . He oversaw the influential Mexico City market before eventually being arrested in October 2008 . Mr. Zambada wa meticulous in keeping track of cartel finance , which he demonstrated to juror in detailed testimony .
 Miguel Angel Martínez wa a former lieutenant for Mr. Guzmán . The government took his security so seriously that court artist were prohibited from drawing an accurate representation . Following his arrest in 1998 , Mr. Martínez sold a home owned by Mr. Guzmán in order to pay legal fee , which caused him to fall out of favor with his bos . As a result , Mr. Martínez faced four attempt on his life — three stabbings and a fourth by a double-grenade attack .
 Juan Carlos Ramírez Abadía , a leader within the North Valley Cartel in Colombia , provided the jury with a window into the supply-side of operation , walking them through ledger documenting pivotal deal between his cartel and El Chapo ’ s Sinaloa cartel , which partnered for almost two decade . Mr. Ramírez went to great length to avoid incarceration , undergoing several extensive surgery , altering his cheekbone , jaw , eye , mouth , nose and ear . Still , he wa arrested in Brazil in 2007 and later extradited to the United States .
 Jorge Cifuentes ’ s humble upbringing in Colombia paralleled Mr. Guzmán ’ s origin story . Working alongside his parent and sibling , Mr. Cifuentes built a family drug empire , amassing great wealth and cartel connection . Mr. Cifuentes admitted in court to being a liar and a cheater . He said he once created a foundation with a stated mission of preserving jungle in the Amazon , but that wa actually intended to funnel $ 1.5 billion in environmental contract to company he owned .
 Born in a predominantly Latino neighborhood in Chicago , Ill. , Pedro Flores helped translate drug deal for his father when he wa around 7 or 8 year old . ( He wa the first star witness to testify in English . ) Mr. Flores and his twin brother , Margarito , took over the family business a teenager . Business boomed after he made contact with one of Mr. Guzmán ’ s associate — turning Chicago into an epicenter of American drug trafficking operation for the Sinaloa cartel and the Beltrán-Leyva Organization , which then worked hand in hand .
 Here is a sampling of some of the more memorable quote so far from the trial :
 Defense attorney Jeffrey Lichtman : “ The conviction of Joaquín Guzmán is the biggest prize this prosecution could dream of and they ’ ve been dreaming of it for a decade . ”
 Mr. Zambada : “ One of my responsibility wa to corrupt official in the city , ” he said , adding that they would build off friendship already in place within the police department . “ This is done through bribe , money , especially U.S. dollar . ”
 Mr. Martínez : “ I said to him , ‘ Why kill people ? ’ And he answered me : ‘ Either your mom ’ s going to cry or their mom ’ s going to cry . ’ ”
 Mr. Martínez on Mr. Guzmán ’ s reason for obsessively wiretapping his associate : “ The most important thing in that environment wa to know what everyone wa thinking about you — whoever : your friend , our enemy , your compadres — whoever . ”
 Mr. Ramírez on his initial impression of El Chapo : “ It wa the first time that a Mexican trafficked my cocaine that quickly . I didn ’ t expect it that quickly . ”
 Mr. Flores on the importance of location in drug trafficking : “ The farther you get from the border , the higher the price of cocaine . The bigger the risk , the bigger the reward . ”
 Mr. Flores on his first meeting with El Chapo in May 2005 : “ I had this idea in my head about how it would be , ” he said , saying he ’ d pictured El Chapo lining up and shooting people . El Chapo replied in a serious tone , “ No , only the one we have to . ”
 Testimony in the second half of the trial is likely to include :
 · Vicente Zambada Niebla , the son of Mr. Guzmán ’ s partner , Ismael Zambada García , who will arguably be the most senior cartel figure ever to have testified at major trafficking trial . As a top logistics officer for Mr. Guzmán and his father , Mr. Niebla , who ha been in American custody since 2010 , will likely offer the jury a sweeping and encyclopedic view of the cartel ’ s operation .
 · Mr. Guzmán ’ s two famous jailbreak , the first in 2001 when he escaped in a laundry cart , and the second in 2015 when his associate dug a mile-long tunnel into the shower in his cell . Dámaso López Núñez , a former official at the Puente Grande prison who helped with the kingpin ’ s first escape , is a possible witness .
 · The bloody war Mr. Guzmán fought in the latter year of his career . In one war , Mr. Guzmán battled with the Zetas , an especially violent rival cartel founded by member of the Mexican special force . In another , he fought against his close ally ( and cousin ) the Beltrán-Leyva brother .
 An earlier version of this article misidentified the year of Joaquín Guzmán Loera ’ s second prison escape . It wa 2015 , not 2014 .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Por Elda Cantú
 ¡Buen día ! Bienvenido al boletín diario de The New York Times en Español . Si aún no estás suscrito , puedes darte de alta en este enlace .
 ¿Tienes sugerencias ? Escríbenos a esta dirección .
 • Las mujeres hondureñas viven bajo peligro constante . En el país centroamericano , la violencia que sufren la mujeres e causada principalmente por pandillas y bandas de narcotraficantes . En 2017 , el 41 por ciento de la niñas y mujeres asesinadas en el país mostraban signos de mutilación , desfiguramiento y crueldad excesiva , según el Observatorio Nacional de la Violencia de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de Honduras . Este artículo de la periodista ganadora del Pulitzer Sonia Nazario recoge los testimonios de algunas sobrevivientes de la violencia y explora causa y posibles soluciones a una situación donde confluyen el crimen organizado , la impunidad y la incompetencia del gobierno .
 • Llega el primer envío de ayuda humanitaria de la Cruz Roja a Venezuela . En un cargamento procedente de Panamá ingresaron al país catorce plantas eléctricas , 5000 litros de agua destilada y tres kit de cirugía que podrían atender de manera conjunta a 30.000 pacientes , entre otros implementos . “ No hubo interferencia del régimen en la llegada y en la entrada de la ayuda . Los mismos que ante la habían negado , que ante habían llevado a este país a un espacio de confrontación , hoy cumplen los principios humanitarios ” , reportó el diputado Miguel Pizarro , refiriéndose a los bloqueos que enfrentó la ayuda internacional que el líder de la oposición Juan Guaidó intentó ingresar a Venezuela en febrero y a los intentos de la Cruz Roja que también fueron obstaculizados en marzo pasado .
 “ Tras el infortunio , lloverá el aluvión de selfis en la redes sociales con la iglesia quemada de fondo y el hashtag de turno para demostrar que uno estuvo allí . Acaso , la reflexión más importante se extinguirá con la misma rapidez que la llama : la falta de una sensibilidad real y colectiva hacia el patrimonio histórico-artístico que se traduzca en acciones políticas de preservación ” .
 El profesor Álvaro Santana Acuña , especialista en historia de Francia y patrimonio , escribe un artículo de opinión sobre la batalla que la Catedral de Notre Dame libraba desde hace años para conseguir fondos para su restauración .
 El astronauta Scott Kelly pasó un año en la Estación Espacial Internacional . Parte del propósito de su viaje era que los científicos en la Tierra aprendieran sobre los efectos del espacio en el cuerpo humano . Pero Kelly también usó su cámara Nikon D4 para registrar algunas instantáneas de nuestro planeta .
 Japón , Egipto , el Himalaya y la costa mediterránea de Francia son algunos de los paisajes panorámicos que capturó su lente y que ofrecen un atisbo del placer que Neruda describió como “ hallar por fin , subiendo un planeta vacío , grandes estrellas claras como el vodka , tan transparentes y deshabitadas ” .
 • Ser bueno e malo , según los populistas en Italia . Con el ascenso de los partidos de ultraderecha y el populismo en Italia , la retórica de los políticos ha encontrado un nuevo enemigo : los buenistas . “ Los burócratas , los buenistas y los banqueros que han gobernado Europa durante demasiado tiempo están enterrando el sueño europeo ” , señaló Matteo Salvini , líder del partido antiinmigrante Liga Norte . La noción viene tomando fuerza en otros países de la Unión Europea , como en Alemania , en donde Gutmensch —o bienhechor—se ha convertido en una muestra de que “ a la tolerancia y a la ganas de ayudar por lo general se le tacha de ingenuas , tontas y ajenas a la realidad ” , dijo un jurado de lingüistas y escritores .
 • El futuro de Notre Dame . Aunque siguen sin conocerse la causa del siniestro que acabó con una parte importante de la catedral parisina , hasta ahora se sabe que do alarmas sonaron el lunes ante de que se propagara el incendio y que la autoridades francesas no tenían ningún indicio de que hubiera sido un incendio causado de forma intencional . Debido a la renovaciones en curso , una parte importante de obras de arte habían sido trasladadas fuera de la iglesia ante del incendio . Notre Dame e propiedad del estado , el cual deberá correr con los costos de reconstrucción , pero algunas empresas y fundaciones privadas ya han prometido donar al menos 600 millones de euro para esas labores .
 • El rostro accidental de la foto del agujero negro . Katie Bouman , una becaria de posdoctorado del MIT , se convirtió la semana pasada en un “ símbolo bienvenido en un mundo ansioso por representación femenina ” , escribió nuestra reportera Sarah Mervosh , en referencia a la escasez de rostros visibles de mujeres en la ciencia , la tecnología y la matemáticas . La inesperada celebridad de Bouman sucedió cuando empezó a circular en redes sociales su fotografía acompañada de mensajes que la identificaban como la autora del algoritmo que había hecho posible capturar la primera imagen de un agujero negro . Sin embargo , como ella misma dijo : “ Esta imagen no se creó gracias a un solo algoritmo ni a una sola persona ” . En el proyecto participaron más de doscientos científicos de todo el mundo , entre ellos expertos chilenos y mexicano .
 • Evita que te piquen los mosquito . Si alguna vez perdiste el sueño a causa de un zancudo solitario que revoloteaba en la oscuridad y —quién sabe cómo— logró picarte una y otra vez , lo más seguro e que hayas estado sudando la gota gorda . Un grupo de científicos identificó hace poco un receptor en la antenas del mosquito que le ayuda a detectar el ácido láctico , una sustancia que le resulta muy atractiva y que se encuentra en el sudor de los humanos .
 • El sarampión avanza . Este me volvió a aumentar el número de casos de sarampión en Estados Unidos , indicaron la autoridades de ese país , al elevarse el número de infecciones a 555 en 2019 . Es el peor brote desde que el país eliminó el sarampión como enfermedad endémica en el año 2000 . Países como Israel , Ucrania , Filipinas y Venezuela también registran brotes de importancia . Esta semana Macedonia del Norte declaró emergencia nacional después de que se registraran más de 950 casos en lo que va del año , una cifra importante para un país de apenas do millones de habitantes .
 • La heroína desconocida de Juego de tronos . “ Ella e el corazón que le da vida a la serie ” , dijo Emilia Clarke . “ Es la clase de mujer que quiero ser cuando crezca ” , comentó Sophie Turner . “ La verdadera Madre de Dragones ” , mencionó Lena Headey . “ Es lo mejor que le pudo haber pasado a este programa ” , dijeron David Benioff y D.B . Weiss , los creadores de la serie del momento en un correo electrónico conjunto . ¿A quién se referían ? A Bernadette Caulfield , la productora ejecutiva de Game of Thrones . Aunque Caulfield pasa casi todo el tiempo detrás de cámaras , su labor e fundamental . Conócela en este reportaje .
 • Esta semana se anunciaron los Premios Pulitzer que galardonan lo mejor del periodismo , el arte y la letras en Estados Unidos . En la categoría de ficción destacó el reconocimiento a la novela The Overstory de Richard Powers en la que los protagonistas son árboles . Powers dijo sentirse sorprendido por el premio y que este demostraba que el público estaba “ hambriento de una historia que toma en serio a lo no humano y trata de reconectar lo humano a un mundo del que estamos tan alienados ” . Aretha Franklin recibió una mención póstuma especial por lo que el jurado calificó “ su contribución indeleble a la música estadounidense y a la cultura durante más de cinco décadas ” .
 Nuestros periodistas recibieron do galardones este año . Brent Staples , quien tiene una larga trayectoria de más de treinta años en el diario , recibió el premio en la categoría editorial . Por su parte , David Barstow , Susanne Craig y Russ Buettner fueron premiados en la categoría de reportaje explicativo gracias a la investigación sobre la finanzas de Donald Trump . El Times ha ganado 127 Premios Pulitzer desde que estos se instituyeron hace 101 años .
 Gracias por leernos . Mañana no te pierdas nuestra selección de artículos sobre deportes y medioambiente .
 También puedes compartir este boletín con tus amigo , familiares , seres queridos y no tan queridos . Se pueden registrar en este enlace .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Mike Hale
 The winter television season — will that combination of word ever stop sounding strange ? — is upon u in all it abundance . And it ’ s more abundant than ever . Here are 21 new and returning show to keep an eye out for over the next few month . Of course that ’ s more than anyone can watch . In most case it ’ s too early to tell which show will pan out , but if you nailed me to a tree , I ’ d tell you to definitely make time for “ High Maintenance , ” “ Shrill , ” part of “ Documentary Now ! ” ( especially the episode titled “ Original Cast Album : Co-op ” and “ Waiting for the Artist ” ) and , if you have child , a co-view of “ Carmen Sandiego . ”
 [ Read about the best TV show of 2018 . ]
 Israeli TV series usually stick close to home , but this action thriller from Omri Givon ( “ Hostages ” ) venture into the Colombian jungle , where four veteran of the Israeli Defense Forces conduct a rescue mission a decade after their service . It star Tomer Kapon , who played a rebellious young counterterrorism agent in the first season of “ Fauda. ” ( Jan. 10 , Netflix )
 An awkward guy ( Asa Butterfield ) and an outcast girl ( Emma Mackey ) form an alliance in this teen-sex comedy set at a British secondary school . The boy ’ s anxiety are aggravated by the fact that his mother is a free-loving sex therapist ; the show is most notable for the fact that the mother is played by Gillian Anderson . ( Jan. 11 , Netflix )
 Rory Haines and Sohrab Noshirvani , who met in a Columbia University screenwriting class , have built up a fair bit of buzz over the last five year without having any of their script actually produced . This series , about a British son of Pakistani immigrant ( Nabhaan Rizwan ) and the two cop who upend his life ( Paddy Considine and Bel Powley ) , is their professional debut . ( Jan. 11 , Amazon )
 After a nearly three-and-a-half-year hiatus , HBO ha pulled together another interesting cast for the third season of Nic Pizzolatto ’ s crime-gothic anthology : Mahershala Ali and Stephen Dorff a detective called in on the disappearance of a young sister and brother and Scoot McNairy a the child ’ s father , plus Carmen Ejogo and Jon Tenney . Multiple time track and a Southern setting ( Arkansas ) recall Season 1 . ( Jan. 13 , HBO )
 Fans of the original “ Roswell ” sent network executive bottle of Tabasco sauce to save their beloved emo-teen-alien series , but it lasted only three season ( 1999-2002 ) on WB and then UPN . Their plea have been answered , finally , with this new series , which is also based on the “ Roswell High ” young-adult book series but add what now seems obvious : an immigration theme . Jeanine Mason play a daughter of undocumented immigrant who return home to Roswell and discovers that the guy she liked in high school is from even farther away . ( Jan. 15 , CW )
 The fourth TV show ( and first in 20 year ) spawned by the Carmen Sandiego educational-video-game franchise is an animated “ Mission Impossible ” -style adventure that ’ s more adult than it predecessor but still abundantly lighthearted . After a few episode that provide a new origin story ( and moral compass ) for the master thief Carmen ( voiced by Gina Rodriguez ) , the series get back to using crime caper a a vehicle for geographical and cultural lesson . ( Jan. 18 , Netflix )
 In it third season , Katja Blichfeld and Ben Sinclair ’ s anthropological comedy about the sale , delivery and consumption of marijuana in Brooklyn delf even deeper into the personal and romantic life of the poker-faced dealer played by Sinclair . ( Jan. 20 , HBO )
 David Caspe of “ Happy Endings ” is one of the creator of this Wall Street satire set during the run-up to the 1987 crash , with Don Cheadle a a maverick trader who life large ( he ride around Manhattan in a Lamborghini limo ) and Andrew Rannells a a white-bread newbie with an algorithm no one take seriously . ( Jan. 20 , Showtime )
 The Rwandan genocide and it aftermath have mostly defeated attempt at dramatization ( with the notable exception of Terry George ’ s “ Hotel Rwanda , ” animated by Don Cheadle ’ s performance a the hotelier Paul Rusesabagina ) . This series from the British writer and director Hugo Blick ( “ The Honorable Woman ” ) ha brilliant performer of it own : Micaela Coel of “ Chewing Gum , ” going strictly serious a a Rwandan survivor investigating a war-crimes case , and John Goodman a the barrister who counsel her . ( Jan. 25 , Netflix )
 Texas-based Rooster Teeth , producer of the popular animated Web series “ Red vs. Blue ” and “ RWBY , ” is behind this giant-robot anime depicting a future war . The real news , for a series that will initially be available only through Rooster Teeth ’ s app and website , is a voice cast led by legitimate star like Michael B. Jordan , Dakota Fanning , Maisie Williams and David Tennant . ( Jan. 26 , Rooster Teeth )
 If live musical for television are your thing , you won ’ t want to miss this live musical for television . The cast includes Tinashe ( a Mimi ) , Vanessa Hudgens , several “ Hamilton ” cast member and Valentina of “ Ru Paul ’ s Drag Race ” a Angel ; Michael Greif , director of the original stage production , is said to be overseeing this production . ( Jan. 27 , Fox )
 The director and one of the star of “ Wonder Woman , ” Patty Jenkins and Chris Pine , reunite for a very different project . Pine play a down-on-his-luck journalist in a mini-series based on the life of Fauna Hodel , daughter of Dr. George Hodel , a suspect in the Black Dahlia murder ; India Eisley and Jefferson Mays play the daughter and father . ( Jan. 28 , TNT )
 Those of u in the know are honor-bound to keep the basic secret of this half-hour series created by Natasha Lyonne , Amy Poehler and Leslye Headland ( “ Terriers ” ) . Lyonne play a Lower East Sider with issue who find herself at a party she can ’ t escape . It ’ s all spoiler from there . ( Feb. 1 , Netflix )
 The high-concept , slightly transgressive gag in this sendup of sentimental teen comedy is that 31-year-old Maya Erskine and Anna Konkle ( who created this show with Sam Zvibleman ) play seventh grader , while the classmate who bully and humiliate them — and on whom they have mad crush — are actually middle-school-aged . ( Feb. 8 , Hulu )
 In one of the le likely instance of rebooting , this half-hour series is based on the 1992 film of the same name , a workplace comedy starring Eddie Murphy and Robin Givens . It ’ s set at the same advertising firm , with Tequan Richmond a the son of Givens ’ s character and Tetona Jackson a the daughter of Murphy ’ s and Halle Berry ’ s character ; Berry and Lena Waithe are among the executive producer . ( Feb. 12 , BET )
 This new satirical sitcom from Simon Rich ( “ Man Seeking Woman ” ) imago heaven a a bloated , industrial-era corporation — budget cut lead to eliminating product line , a.k.a . extinction — which sound a little like “ The Good Place. ” But “ Miracle Workers ” is based on Rich ’ s 2012 novel , “ What in God ’ s Name , ” and it feel more like a 1930s-vintage Hollywood comedy . Steve Buscemi play God , who ’ s lost interest ; Daniel Radcliffe play a timid clerk in the Answered Prayers department ; and Geraldine Viswanathan play a new arrival there whose enthusiasm for earth ha unintended consequence . ( Feb. 12 , TBS )
 If the heightened sensibility of this series about a fractious team of 30-something superheroes reminds you of FX ’ s “ Legion , ” you ’ re probably on to something : Steve Blackman , who adapted the Eisner Award-winning “ Umbrella Academy ” comic for TV , wa an executive producer on “ Legion ” and also worked with that show ’ s creator , Noah Hawley , on “ Fargo. ” ( Feb. 15 , Netflix )
 Amy Sedaris and her cast of eccentric , half of them played by Sedaris , return for a second season of highly suspect how-to advice . ( How to keep a teenager engaged ? “ I ’ ve always said , keep their hand busy and their genitals will follow. ” ) ( Feb. 19 , TruTV )
 In the exceedingly small niche of series that lovingly parody well-known nonfiction film , “ Documentary Now ! ” reign supreme . Season 3 begin with a two-part sendup of Netflix ’ s cult-noir “ Wild , Wild Country ” and memorably includes a tribute to D.A . Pennebaker ’ s “ Original Cast Album : Company , ” with John Mulaney a the Sondheimesque composer of song like “ ( A Little ) Cocaine Tonight. ” ( Feb. 20 , IFC )
 A new comedy from the Lorne Michaels factory star Aidy Bryant a a young woman of a certain size whose life , a the show begin , is a cascade of indignity . Daniel Stern and Julia Sweeney , in her first regular TV role in a decade , play the parent , in a cast that includes John Cameron Mitchell , Lukas Jones of “ People of Earth ” and the ubiquitous Lolly Adefope , who ’ s also in “ Miracle Workers. ” ( March 15 , Hulu )
 Spoiler alert : In the last six episode of the epic climate-change allegory , the steady rise in dragon fire warms the atmosphere , winter is averted and the White Walkers settle down peacefully in the now-temperate north . Overcome by their good fortune , many character stop wearing clothes altogether . ( April , HBO )
 An earlier version of this article misstated the premiere date for the third season of “ High Maintenance. ” It will debut on Jan. 20 , not Jan. 19 .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Chris Stanford
 ( Want to get this briefing by email ? Here ’ s the sign-up . )
 Good morning ,
 We start today with the unexpected start of the U.S. military ’ s withdrawal from Syria and the latest from the government shutdown , which is now tied for the longest in history . And it ’ s Friday , so there ’ s a new news quiz .
 The surprise announcement today by a U.S. military spokesman is the first step in President Trump ’ s plan to pull roughly 2,000 American troop from the country .
 As recently a Sunday , Mr. Trump ’ s national security adviser , John Bolton , placed condition on the withdrawal that could leave American force there for month or even year .
 Yesterday : Secretary of State Mike Pompeo told an audience in Cairo that “ the age of self-inflicted American shame is over ” and that the U.S. would pursue a more activist policy in the Middle East .
 Closer look : Mr. Pompeo ’ s speech contrasted starkly with a speech in 2009 , also in Cairo , by former President Barack Obama , who made an effort to reset relation with the Muslim world in the wake of the Sept. 11 attack and the Iraq war . We compared the two .
 The Trump administration is considering diverting $ 13.9 billion allocated last year for area damaged by hurricane and wildfire to pay for a wall on the southwestern border . That ’ s according to congressional and Defense Department official with knowledge of the matter , who insisted on anonymity to discus the possibility .
 Officials are debating whether they could make such a move without a declaration of a national emergency . President Trump ha repeatedly said he might declare one in order to bypass Congress , where Democrats have declined to fund a wall .
 Yesterday : Mr. Trump visited the border city of McAllen , Tex. , to make his case .
 Go deeper : Two Times journalist are driving the length of the 1,900-mile border . Their first dispatch is from Brownsville , Tex .
 The Daily : On today ’ s episode , hear from a sheriff in Arizona who support Mr. Trump ’ s plan .
 The partial closure that ha resulted from the impasse over a border wall would become the longest in history on Saturday . Most of the 800,000 federal worker involved will miss a paycheck today .
 On Thursday , Vice President Mike Pence made clear that President Trump would not support a deal to reopen the government before wall funding wa secured . “ No wall , no deal , ” Mr. Pence said .
 Impact : Farmers have generally stood by President Trump , but some say the loss of crucial loan , payment and other service during the shutdown is threatening their support .
 The detail : Here ’ s what the shutdown doe and doesn ’ t affect , a well a a look at it growing consequence .
 Water temperature are rising 40 percent faster on average than a United Nations panel estimated five year ago , according to an analysis published on Thursday .
 The ocean have been absorbing most of the heat trapped by greenhouse gas emission , offering a buffer against climate change . The escalating temperature are already killing off marine ecosystem , raising sea level and making hurricane more destructive .
 The background : Historically , understanding ocean temperature ha been difficult . A 2014 U.N. report presented five estimate , all showing le ocean warming than the level projected by computer climate model . The new analysis incorporates more recent data , and it result are more in line with the model .
 For decade , the centerpiece of evolutionary theory ha been that creature with the most advantageous trait have the best chance of multiplying . Beauty — so far a a reproductive mate wa concerned — wa merely a shorthand for those trait .
 Charles Darwin himself never thought that explained everything . Now biologist are revisiting his theory that animal can appreciate beauty for it own sake .
 Missing girl is found : Jayme Closs , 13 , disappeared in October on the night that her parent were shot to death in their rural Wisconsin home . She wa found alive on Thursday , the authority said . A suspect wa in custody .
 Huawei arrest : The Polish authority have charged a Chinese employee of Huawei , the telecommunication giant , and a Polish national with spying for China , official said today . The arrest come a the U.S. and it ally have tried to restrict the use of Chinese technology based on espionage fear .
 Michael Cohen in Congress : President Trump ’ s former personal lawyer said on Thursday that he would give “ a full and credible account ” of his work for Mr. Trump to a House committee next month .
 Inauguration scrutiny : Federal prosecutor are investigating at least a dozen Ukrainians who were present during President Trump ’ s inaugural festivity . Some of them , or their ally , are thought to have promoted proposal aligned with Russia ’ s interest .
 New Carlos Ghosn accusation : Japanese prosecutor brought fresh charge of financial wrongdoing today against the former head of the automaking alliance of Nissan , Renault and Mitsubishi . He is in jail in Tokyo .
 Snapshot : Above , Venezuelans at the inauguration of President Nicolás Maduro , who wa sworn in on Thursday for a second term . He ha been able to retain power despite a plummeting economy , skyrocketing violence and an election that wa widely seen a illegitimate .
 Andy Murray retirement : The former No . 1 player and three-time Grand Slam champion announced today that he would end his tennis career after Wimbledon , if not sooner .
 News quiz : Did you follow the headline this week ? Test yourself .
 Late-night comedy : Jimmy Fallon discussed the government shutdown . “ Everyone ’ s fighting . People are exhausted . There ’ s no end in sight . It ’ s basically like playing a game of Monopoly with your family . ”
 What we ’ re reading : This reprint of an article in Appalachia , a mountaineering and conservation journal . “ You ’ re hiking high up a frigid mountain , storm cloud are gathering , and you come across a trail of fresh print in the snow , made by someone in decidedly unwinter-y sneaker , ” writes Michael Wines , a national correspondent . “ What would you do ? This woman did what many would not . It ’ s quite a yarn . ”
 Cook : A comforting three-cheese cauliflower casserole .
 Listen : Jordan Cardy , who record a Rat Boy , sends up authority and celebrates slackerdom in song like “ Don ’ t Hesitate. ” Our critic say he combine the energy of punk with the storytelling of hip-hop .
 Read : These eight new book are recommended by our editor , who have globe-trotting in mind this week .
 Watch : Our critic picked the 20 best TV drama broadcast since “ The Sopranos ” debuted 20 year ago ( “ Game of Thrones ” doesn ’ t feature , to the chagrin of our TV editor ) .
 Smarter Living : Revolving door were invented during the late 19th century to cut back on fume and dirt in larger building . Over time , they ’ ve proven to be real energy saver : Used enough , one can save enough carbon emission to heat five house .
 We also have tip on managing the perennial scourge of teenage acne .
 The game is afoot this weekend for the Baker Street Irregulars , a literary society devoted to Sherlock Holmes that is holding it annual dinner in New York City .
 Founded in 1934 , the Irregulars are named for a group of street urchin who assist Holmes in some of Arthur Conan Doyle ’ s 60 story about the fictional detective .
 The group , which is invitation only , ha about 300 member around the world and publishes a quarterly journal of Sherlockian scholarship .
 The Irregulars ’ dinner tonight is part of a five-day celebration in Manhattan featuring a lecture , a memorabilia sale and party with other group of Sherlock Holmes fan , including the Baker Street Babes . ( The first female member of the Irregulars weren ’ t admitted until the early 1990s . )
 The event is timed to coincide with Holmes ’ s birthday , which enthusiast have generally agreed is Jan. 6 — although the reasoning is far from elementary .
 That ’ s it for this briefing . Have a good weekend .
 — Chris
 Thank youTo Eleanor Stanford for marshaling the cultural guidance and James K. Williamson for his swinging Smarter Living tip . Chris himself wrote today ’ s Back Story . You can reach the team at briefing @ nytimes.com .
 P.S.• We ’ re listening to “ The Daily. ” Today ’ s episode is about a sheriff in Arizona who support President Trump ’ s plan for a border wall.• Here ’ s today ’ s mini crossword puzzle , and a clue : Number between do and cuatro ( 4 letter ) . You can find all our puzzle here . • Randy Archibold , a 20-year veteran of The Times , wa named the new Sports editor on Thursday . He wa raised a a fan of the Jets and the Yankees .
 Chris Stanford is based in London and writes the U.S. version of the Morning Briefing . He also compiles a weekly news quiz . He wa previously a producer for the desktop home page and mobile site , helping to present The New York Times ’ s news report to reader . Before joining The Times in 2013 , he wa an editor and designer at The Washington Post and other news organization . @ stanfordc
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Janet Morrissey
 When a major electronics firm started seeing strange document being printed out remotely on more than 100 of it smart printer late last year , it frantically contacted the manufacturer to investigate .
 The firm nervously wondered how — and why — an unauthorized third party wa sending document to it printer remotely . And worse , it feared it entire corporate network had been breached . The manufacturer immediately called in the big gun , Charles Henderson , global head of X-Force Red , a professional hacking team at IBM Security , for answer .
 “ Unless you believe in ghost , you get kind of concerned when your printer just start printing stuff out that you can ’ t account for , ” said Mr. Henderson , who declined to name the firm for privacy reason .
 His team quickly identified the problem a a flaw in the printer ’ s remote access function , and a patch fixed the vulnerability .
 Finding and testing for flaw and breach in smart device is Mr. Henderson ’ s specialty . “ I run a team of hacker , ” is how Mr. Henderson describes his role , then clarifying they are paid professional hacker who look for bug , glitch , and malfunction .
 And with demand for smart device , ranging from smart light to outdoor sprinkler , surging in mainstream America , his job ha gotten a lot busier .
 “ We ’ ve received roughly five time the number of request for security testing of IoT [ internet of thing ] device in the last year , ” said Mr. Henderson . “ Growth ha been immense over the last year to 18 month . ”
 Indeed , the soaring popularity of smart speaker , like Amazon Echo and Google Home , is starting to move the “ Smart Home ” into mainstream America . It ’ s no longer just tech geek and phone-obsessed millennials who are scouring the tech universe for information on the next best gadget that let them control light , TVs , appliance , door lock , and even lawn sprinkler with a voice command or tap on a smartphone .
 But all of this buzz and hype are putting pressure on smart device maker to rush their gadget into the market while demand is hot — and sometimes , this mean security feature take a back seat , said Mr. Henderson . And cyber criminal are watching .
 “ Criminals rob bank because that ’ s where the money is , ” said Charles Golvin , senior research director at Gartner , a research and advisory firm . “ They ’ ll commit cyber crime because that ’ s where the opportunity is . ”
 Some get crafty , making mock interface on a person ’ s phone that look like an IoT ’ s interface login to steal password — similar to the way thief send fake email to people pretending to be from credit card company and bank .
 Experts caution consumer to research carefully and move diligently when adding smart device to their home network . “ If one device get compromised , it could be the same a allowing an attacker to plug into the entire network , ” giving the criminal control over all device , warned Mr. Henderson .
 Concerns about privacy and the complexity of smart home device are two reason fully outfitted smart home are not likely to happen overnight , expert say .
 Wanting — and actually installing — smart device are very different scenario with the latter requiring patience and diligent research in navigating through a costly , cumbersome and often time-consuming process .
 The setup also take time , a it involves choosing brand and understanding router , hub and wireless communication protocol , like ZigBee , Z-Wave , and Bluetooth , so that all of the smart device can talk to each other .
 “ If you actually want to make your house do half a dozen of these thing , it ’ s a lot of work , ” said Frank Gillett , vice president and principal analyst at Forrester Research . “ You need people to be patient and comfortable with working through multiple step of instruction , and in my observation , a significant amount of the population is not comfortable or patient . ”
 If you own a lot of different smart device , it will mean many different apps on your phone . The process of opening and launching an app every time you want to control a device — or remember the exact phrase to get a voice assistant to do it — can be cumbersome and annoying .
 One company , Sevenhugs , simplifies this problem .
 The firm ’ s single remote allows a person to control a home ’ s smart TV , light , entertainment system , and other connected device simply by pointing the remote at them . It mean family member and guest can access all the smart device without having to use a personal phone or launch multiple apps , said Simon Tchedikian , founder of Sevenhugs .
 Ultimately Mr. Tchedikian want to streamline content a well so that someone could ask for the latest season of the ‘ Game of Thrones ’ and it would pop up without having to know and specify which streaming service , platform or on-demand service wa offering it .
 Beside ease of use , privacy and security are critical .
 Using smart camera can be great for remotely monitoring an aging parent or checking whether a child got home from school , but they could be intrusive and even risky if the system is hacked .
 To lower risk and security concern , expert suggest step people should take when building a smart home .
 First , buy quality brand . While some big brand , like Samsung , are leader in smart appliance , the rest of the smart device world is fragmented , with much of the innovation coming from focused start-ups and midsize company .
 Some of the current leader are Philips Hue for light , Nest and Ecobee for thermostat , Ring for doorbell , and WeMo for light switch and plug .
 If it ’ s a start up , research the firm and make sure it ha a strong online presence , preferably with active user group discussing the product .
 “ If they don ’ t have a budget for an online presence , then they probably don ’ t have a budget for security , ” said Mr. Henderson .
 Second , security update are critical . “ Most technology company are going to have vulnerability — it ’ s hard to get everything right ” at the start , said Mr. Henderson . He recommends checking for patch or firmware update on the company ’ s website to make sure it ’ s on top of security issue .
 Third , create strong Wi-Fi password and engage two-factor authentication where possible .
 Fourth , if you move into a new home , buy a secondhand car , or purchase a used smart device , always make sure previous owner ’ account aren ’ t still connected to the hub , router and device .
 Mr. Henderson recall selling his smart car and buying a new one from the same manufacturer . When he went to enroll his new car in the auto manufacturer ’ s app , he discovered his old account had not been deleted from his old convertible .
 “ They hadn ’ t revoked my access , ” said Mr. Henderson . “ I could have tracked down my old car using the GPS functionality , I could have unlocked it , honked the horn — I could have made the new owner of my old car think the car wa possessed . ”
 Also , always look at all device that are connected to your network .
 “ If you ’ ve got rogue device connected to your network , it ’ s not your network anymore . It ’ s a shared network , ” said Mr. Henderson . “ If you had access to somebody ’ s home hub — and that hub had a sprinkler system , light switch and garage door opener connected to it , you could open their garage door , turn on the sprinkler system , and start flashing the light . ”
 Fifth , consumer need to prepare for a smart device ’ s failure — whether it ’ s because of a product malfunction or a power or internet outage .
 “ Turn off power to the device and unplug the internet and see what happens , ” said Mr. Henderson . “ But you definitely don ’ t want to wait and find out that they don ’ t work when you ’ re standing outside your home trying to get in . ”
 Being technology , it will malfunction sometimes , whether it ’ s smart or not .
 “ Things do break , ” said Mr. Golvin .
 Finding someone to repair that new technology can be challenging — even if it ’ s made by a big brand .
 When Jordan and Ben Feria of Orange Park , Fla. , purchased a $ 4,400 Samsung Family Hub smart refrigerator in late 2017 , the refrigerator portion broke down last November , even though the smart feature on the outside touch-screen continued to work . The couple took to social medium and a local TV station after dozen of technician were unable to repair it . When the couple contacted Samsung , they were told there wa only one authorized technician in Northeast Florida who could handle the repair — and even then , the person wa unable to repair it . The couple wound up getting a refund .
 A Samsung spokeswoman , Alicia Clarke , described the Feria ’ s problem a a “ rare experience ” and said “ the matter wa resolved with the consumer , ” and noted that the problem wa related to the refrigerator ’ s compressor — not with the smart technology .
 “ While it is unfortunate that the Ferias had an issue with their refrigerator , the problem wa limited to the unit ’ s compressor , not any of the smart technology incorporated into the Family Hub , ” she said .
 And finally , in this fiercely-competitive and fast-changing space , many smart device maker will implode — and consumer need a fallback plan in place if they do . Even the most promising company can go belly-up without warning .
 LightHouse wa widely hailed a a trailblazer with it home camera that offered 3D sensor and artificial intelligence capability . Its camera could monitor with such precision that a voice command asking the app how a vase got broken earlier in the day could pull up the section of video that showed the child or pet who did the deed , said Mr. Gillett of Forrester .
 LightHouse wa viewed a the future . However , the company abruptly closed shop in late 2018 , with a note on it webpage , entitled “ Lights Out ” that read : ‘ Unfortunately , we did not achieve the commercial success we were looking for and will be shutting down operation in the near future . ’
 “ This is what happens sometimes with these cool vendor who are ahead of the curve , ” said Mr. Golvin . “ Bleeding edge versus leading edge . ”

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Noel Murray
 Every month , Netflix Australia add a new batch of movie and TV show to it library . Here are our pick for March , broken down by release date .
 [ Not the month you ’ re looking for ? Find the newest Netflix Australia guide here . ]
 ‘ Cricket Fever : Mumbai Indians ’ Starts streaming : March 1
 Following up on the success of the American football-themed “ Last Chance U , ” Netflix look to India for it next multipart sport documentary . “ Cricket Fever ” follows a perennially successful cricket club , the Mumbai Indians , during a season when player struggled to measure up to their usual standard . Cricket fan ought to appreciate an intimate look behind the scene , but even viewer who don ’ t know the game well will have the chance to get caught up in the personal experience of these athlete a they strive to remain excellent .
 —
 ‘ Losers ’ Starts streaming : March 1
 Sports ’ biggest failure are often held up a cautionary tale , or treated a minor character in someone else ’ s triumph . The docu-series “ Losers ” look back at moment when athlete flopped spectacularly , and asks how — or if — they ’ ve recovered . Some of these subject are fairly well known , like the golfer Jean van de Velde ’ s meltdown at the 1999 Open Championship in Scotland , or the figure skater Surya Bonaly defiantly finishing her Olympic career with an illegal move . But even the le familiar story are fascinating , focusing not just on the worst moment of these people ’ s life , but on what happened next .
 —
 ‘ After Life ’ Starts streaming : March 8
 The “ Extras ” and “ The Office ” comedian Ricky Gervais lean heavily on his offscreen reputation a a fearless and at time careless truth-teller in his new series , “ After Life , ” in which he star a a man who reacts to his wife ’ s death by becoming angry and unfiltered . Gervais wrote and directed the entire six-episode first season , which like his earlier TV work try to balance brutal black comedy with earnest sentiment . But this particular show — even more than it predecessor — seems intended to deliver a heartfelt message , woven throughout it scene of insult and profane outburst .
 —
 ‘ Terrace House : Opening New Doors ’ Part 6Starts streaming : March 12
 The latest iteration of the Japanese reality series “ Terrace House ” come to an end with nine final episode , all following a group of men and woman who ’ ve agreed to live together , and to go on date with each other , with camera following their every move — and with a panel of commentator sharing joke and best wish . Unlike some reality concept that push participant toward artificial conflict , or encourage them to lower their inhibition , “ Terrace House ” ha won a faithful audience around the world for it refreshing mundanity . This show delivers what the reality genre ha often promised : a chance to peek into ordinary people ’ s life and judge how they interact .
 —
 ‘ Love , Death & Robots ’ Starts streaming : March 15
 A different kind of anthology series , “ Love , Death & Robots ” compiles 18 animated short film , illustrated in wildly varying style , but all aimed at mature audience . The producer Tim Miller ( best-known for directing “ Deadpool ” ) and David Fincher ( the director of “ Fight Club ” ) are shepherding a show that , like the groundbreaking “ adult fantasy ” comic magazine “ Heavy Metal , ” will present tried-and-true horror and science-fiction concept , with cranked-up violence , sex and surrealism .
 —
 [ Want more Australia coverage ? Sign up for the weekly Australia Letter here . ]
 ‘ Queer Eye ’ Season 3Starts streaming : March 15
 The phenomenal popularity of Netflix ’ s Marie Kondo series “ Tidying Up ” might be partly attributable to the earlier success of the service ’ s “ Queer Eye for the Straight Guy ” reboot , which ha won audience worldwide thanks to the cheery pleasure of an inside-and-out makeover show — where expert don ’ t just clean out client ’ closet , they also polish up their self-esteem . For the third season of “ Queer Eye , ” the “ Fab Five ” lifestyle expert leave the Atlanta , Georgia area behind and head into the heartland , setting up camp in Kansas City , Missouri . Their mission remains the same : to spread a little fabulousness across America , and to help people understand what really matter .
 —
 ‘ Turn Up Charlie ’ Starts streaming : March 15
 Idris Elba step away from his usual action movie role to take on the part of an aging DJ , who make end meet by providing child-care to one of his rich and famous friend . Elba ( who ’ s done quite a bit of disc-jockeying himself ) also created “ Turn Up Charlie. ” Though he ’ s alternated between the big and small screen throughout his career , this is the first time the star of “ Luther ” and “ The Wire ” ha been the lead in a half-hour , single-camera comedy series .
 —
 Also of Interest
 “ Northern Rescue ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Order ” ( March 7 ) , “ Formula 1 : Drive to Survive ” ( March 8 ) , “ Immortals ” ( March 8 ) , “ Shadow ” ( March 8 ) , “ If I Hadn ’ t Met You ” ( March 15 ) , “ Green Door ” ( March 16 ) , “ Peaky Blinders ” Season 4 ( March 21 ) , “ Carlo & Malik ” ( March 22 ) , “ Delhi Crime ” ( March 22 ) , “ Historia de un Crimen : Colosio ” ( March 22 ) , “ Most Beautiful Thing ” ( March 22 ) , “ Selling Sunset ” ( March 22 ) , “ Osmosis ” ( March 29 ) , “ Santa Clarita Diet ” Season 3 ( March 29 ) , “ Traitors ” ( March 29 ) , “ El sabor de la margarita ” ( March 31 ) and “ Trailer Park Boys : The Animated Series ” ( March 31 )
 —
 ‘ The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind ’ Starts streaming : March 1
 As a teenager , William Kamkwamba researched how to build a power-generating windmill , and used spare part from around his family ’ s rural Malawi home to construct a device strong enough to keep several small appliance running . These DIY turbine became an international news story , inspiring a memoir , “ The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind , ” which ha now been adapted into a movie by the actor Chiwetel Ejiofor ( who also play Kamkwamba ’ s initially skeptical father ) . This is Ejiofor ’ s first feature film a a writer and director , and it ’ s a heartwarming one , meant to inspire younger viewer , a well a to inform them about how a good education can help lift people out of poverty .
 —
 ‘ Hereditary ’ Starts streaming : March 5
 One of the more disturbing horror film of recent year , the writer-director Ari Aster ’ s supernatural thriller “ Hereditary ” star Toni Collette a Annie Graham , a rich and successful sculptor whose combative family gradually deteriorates , going from deep dysfunction to open torment by demonic force . A series of tragedy expose the Graham family ’ s dark legacy , a what start out a a few freaky occurrence around their house blossom into a full-on haunting . Collette give an outstanding performance , a a woman who worry that she and her loved one are inescapably cursed .
 —
 ‘ Juanita ’ Starts streaming : March 8
 The amazing Alfre Woodard star in this adaptation of Sheila Williams ’ s novel “ Dancing on the Edge of the Roof , ” playing an exhausted working-class woman who get tired of supporting her grown kid and decides she need some adventure . She take a bus to rural Montana , where she find romance and becomes a more independent , confident version of herself . The veteran TV actor and director Clark Johnson directs “ Juanita , ” which play like a combination of “ Alice Doesn ’ t Live Here Anymore ” and “ How Stella Got Her Groove Back . ”
 —
 ‘ Triple Frontier ’ Starts streaming : March 13
 Although “ Triple Frontier ” hasn ’ t gotten a much advance hype a Netflix ’ s “ Roma ” or “ The Ballad of Buster Scruggs , ” on-the-ball film buff have been eagerly awaiting the latest film from the “ All Is Lost ” and “ A Most Violent Year ” director J.C. Chandor . ( Chandor also co-wrote the script with “ The Hurt Locker ” screenwriter Mark Boal . ) An A-list cast includes Ben Affleck , Oscar Isaac and Charlie Hunnam , in a story about veteran who become soldier of fortune , setting out to rob a drug kingpin . If it ’ s anything like Chandor and Boal ’ s previous work , “ Triple Frontier ” should be a well-researched and finely detailed action-adventure , populated by complicated character .
 —
 ‘ The Highwaymen ’ Starts streaming : March 29
 Flipping the script on the classic “ Bonnie and Clyde , ” the police procedural “ The Highwayman ” star Kevin Costner a Frank Hamer , a real-life Texas Ranger who helped lead the hunt for the bank-robbing killer Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow in the 1930s . Woody Harrelson play a former partner of Hamer who join the crusade . The film wa directed by John Lee Hancock , who previously made the crowd-pleasers “ The Rookie ” and “ The Blind Side. ” He ’ ll be blending true-crime grit with the entertainingly casual interplay of the two lead .
 —
 ‘ Jackie ’ Starts streaming : March 20
 Natalie Portman wa nominated for an Oscar for playing the former American first lady Jacqueline Kennedy , in director Pablo Larrain and screenwriter Noah Oppenheim ’ s impressionistic portrait of the event surrounding John F. Kennedy ’ s funeral . “ Jackie ” emphasizes how the widow used her power to force President Lyndon B. Johnson ’ s administration to respect and honor her husband ’ s legacy . Portman play all the angle of this character , expressing Jackie ’ s steeliness , her sense of style , her undisguised emotion and her frustration at being underestimated . This is a richly immersive film that argues for the value of ritual , especially when it come to grief .
 —
 ‘ The Dirt ’ Starts streaming : March 22
 The raucous life and time of the heavy metal superstar Motley Crüe were covered in lurid detail in the 2001 best-seller “ The Dirt : Confessions of the World ’ s Most Notorious Rock Band , ” written by the band with the help of reporter Neil Strauss . A movie adaptation , in the work for over a decade , is finally making it to the screen under the guidance of the “ Jackass ” co-creator Jeff Tremaine , with the rapper Colson “ Machine Gun Kelly ” Baker playing Motley Crüe ’ s rowdy drummer Tommy Lee , the “ Game of Thrones ” villain Iwan Rheon a the guitarist Mick Mars , Douglas Booth a the bassist Nikki Six and Daniel Webber a singer Vince Neil . The emphasis will be on the group ’ s most outrageous moment , marked by lot of intoxicated excess and infighting .
 —
 Also of Interest
 “ Budapest ” ( March 1 ) , “ Colossal ” ( March 1 ) , “ District 9 ” ( March 1 ) , “ Mamma Mia ! ” ( March 1 ) , “ River ’ s Edge ” ( March 1 ) , “ You Don ’ t Mess with the Zohan ” ( March 1 ) , “ Young Adult ” ( March 1 ) , “ Your Son ” ( March 1 ) , “ Lady J ” ( March 8 ) , “ Walk . Ride . Rodeo ” ( March 8 ) , “ The Descendants ” ( March 10 ) , “ Schindler ’ s List ” ( March 12 ) , “ Tully ” ( March 12 ) , “ Burn Out ” ( March 15 ) , “ Dry Martina ” ( March 15 ) , “ Paskal ” ( March 15 ) , “ Mirage ” ( March 22 ) , “ Lincoln ” ( March 23 ) , “ Don ’ t Breathe ” ( March 28 ) , “ Bayoneta ” ( March 29 ) , “ 15 August ” ( March 29 ) and “ The Legend of Cocaine Island ” ( March 29 )
 ‘ Amy Schumer : Growing ’ Starts streaming : March 19
 A lot ha happened to the comedian Amy Schumer since her last Netflix stand-up set , “ The Leather Special , ” debuted in March of 2017 . She got married to the chef Chris Fischer and is expecting their first child , after a pregnancy with some debilitating complication . She ’ s also endured negative review for a couple of her feature film ( “ Snatched ” and “ I Feel Pretty ” ) , and she saw some of her old joke rile up activist on both the left and the right . In “ Growing , ” Schumer spin fresh humor out of her ever-changing situation , addressing marriage and motherhood while also finding time — a usual — to deliver take on politics and sex .
 —
 Also of Interest
 “ Jimmy Carr : The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits ” ( March 12 )
 Want more Australia coverage and discussion ? Sign up for the weekly Australia Letter , start your day with your local Morning Briefing and join u in our Facebook group .

 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Katie Rogers and Maggie Haberman
 WASHINGTON — At the beginning of the government shutdown , Bill Shine wa about a far away from the capital a President Trump ’ s most senior communication official could get . While the president wa complaining about sitting alone in the White House trying to force Democrats to accept a wall on the Mexican border , Mr . Shine wa on a Hawaiian vacation .
 As the shutdown presented Mr. Trump with an ever-expanding political challenge , Mr . Shine , who joined the White House staff with the expectation that he would deliver on his promise to satisfy Mr. Trump ’ s hunger for positive news coverage , stayed on vacation , keeping in contact with colleague by phone .
 Eventually , Mr . Shine came home early to help manage the administration ’ s response . But any expectation that he would be by the president ’ s side crafting a cohesive message would be a miscalculation of the role he ha actually come to play a Mr. Trump ’ s latest communication director , according to interview with over a dozen former and current administration official .
 An alumnus of Fox News , where he wa known a a protector of the network ’ s chairman , Roger E. Ailes , Mr . Shine ha confined his White House role mainly to stagecraft , people who have worked with him say , and Mr. Trump , who chafe against being managed , ha openly expressed skepticism about what he ha done .
 Once he wa back in Washington , Mr . Shine wa among the aide pushing Mr. Trump to deliver Tuesday ’ s prime-time Oval Office speech and make a visit to the border on Thursday . And it wa Mr . Shine who wa among the unnamed target of the president when Mr. Trump criticized those plan at a lunch with broadcaster before his speech .
 The border visit wa “ not going to change a damn thing , ” Mr. Trump said , belittling the plan a a photo op urged on him by “ these people behind you , ” he said , pointing to Mr . Shine and a cluster of other communication aide .
 The criticism wa nothing surprising given Mr. Trump ’ s habit of quickly turning on his staff , and his recent habit of asking people whether Mr . Shine ha been “ good ” for him since arriving last summer had a familiar ring .
 For Mr . Shine , there wa one obvious challenge from the beginning .
 “ This president ’ s never going to be happy with his coverage because he ’ s in a permanent war with the medium , ” Newt Gingrich , the former House speaker and an occasional Trump adviser who ha been a contributor on Fox News , said in an interview . “ Shine in that sense is in a challenging environment . His primary client is somebody who would like a result that requires change but is not willing to change . ”
 The White House declined to provide comment for this article from a spokesperson , from Mr . Shine or from Mr. Trump , after multiple request . But Kellyanne Conway , the counselor to the president , praised his instinct for a good story in a text message .
 “ Donald Trump is an irrepressibly press-savvy , communications-centric president , ” Ms. Conway said . Of Mr . Shine , she added that he “ ha a gut for what sell and an eye for what compels . ”
 A longtime associate of Mr. Ailes , who spoke on the condition of anonymity , said Mr. Trump thought he wa “ getting Roger , ” who built Fox with a keen eye for aggressive political strategy , in his hire . But Mr . Shine , according to his critic , ha shown little understanding of the conservative medium beyond the cable news ecosystem and his former network — the one place where the president doe not need much assistance , and where Mr . Shine ha few remaining admirer .
 Mr . Shine ha survived mainly by fulfilling the president ’ s desire to be in charge of his own messaging .
 “ He understands really strong personality , ” Mr. Gingrich said , noting Mr. Shine ’ s past at Fox . “ He understands that his job is to operate within the framework of that personality , not to try to change that . ”
 Mr . Shine , for his part , ha told several colleague he is used “ to working for crazy boss , ” a reference to his time at Fox that made it way back to the network , where official were displeased .
 At 55 , Mr . Shine is older than many other aide in the West Wing . He is widely described a genial and good humored by his colleague , several of whom refer to him a an “ adult in the room. ” He is usually at his desk around 6:45 each morning , a White House official said . Bearded , tall and often bleary-eyed , he work late into the evening a a rotating cast of reporter filter in and out of his office . He is known a a level presence and , in the word of one senior administration official , is good at “ staying in his lane. ” Unlike many other White House aide , Mr . Shine tends to avoid matter that are not in his immediate purview .
 Exactly what that purview is can be hard to discern . Multiple people close to the White House , for instance , said the communication office issued no guidance on what point they should make on television after Mr. Trump ’ s Oval Office address .
 According to one senior administration official , Mr . Shine , arriving at the White House , appeared overwhelmed by a fractious West Wing , in part because he wa hired by the president after John F. Kelly , his former chief of staff , wa unwilling to reassign Mercedes Schlapp , the White House director of strategic communication .
 Early on , Mr. Trump wa impressed with Mr. Shine ’ s ability to help pull him out of an unflattering news cycle after a widely criticized news conference in Helsinki , Finland , with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia .
 Days after the meeting , Mr . Shine arranged for the president to step out in front of reporter on the South Lawn and hail his administration ’ s economic accomplishment . Describing the scene , a senior administration official said that Mr. Trump kept his eye trained on Mr . Shine , who stood casually nearby with a Starbucks cup in hand , while the president addressed the group and momentarily shifted the news cycle .
 But two senior administration official said that Mr. Shine ’ s new colleague , who expected him to come in with a degree of Ailes genius , have not been impressed by what they considered timeworn suggestion , such a the president not tweeting so much .
 The shutdown ha highlighted the inner working of a strategy-challenged White House , where one official described Mr . Shine a a bridge between the bifurcated communication and press team . He is one of four assistant to the president — an official distinction — who focus on communication . They often do not work in concert , according to several White House official .
 But it is not a if there have not been some novel communication tactic .
 Last week , riding high from a meeting over the plan for funding his long-promised border wall , the president held a haphazardly arranged press briefing with law enforcement official without taking any question . At a cabinet meeting , he conspicuously displayed a “ Game of Thrones ” -inspired sanction poster . And then there were his taped Rose Garden video , or the tweet with the video of him singing “ Green Acres ” at he 2005 Emmys .
 Mr . Shine had nothing to do with any of that , according to an administration official .
 To his friend and ally , Mr. Trump wistfully brings up Hope Hicks , his most successful communication director , who departed nearly a year ago . Ms. Hicks had the president ’ s trust in a way that only a few remaining aide do , and she wa generally seen a among the small number of people who could suggest to Mr. Trump that he hold back from indulging in some of his public relation whim .
 Since arriving , Mr . Shine ha chosen to become useful to Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump , the president ’ s son-in-law and eldest daughter . At one point , Mr . Shine tried to help craft a network special for a planned trip by Ms. Trump to Africa , which ha been postponed amid the government shutdown .
 So far , Mr . Shine ha not satisfied the president ’ s demand for better news coverage , but the two have bonded over Mr. Trump ’ s tendency to hold grudge toward certain journalist and news outlet . In November , a the president stepped up to the podium in the East Room of the White House for a news conference that devolved into an aggressive exchange with Jim Acosta , a CNN reporter , Mr . Shine turned to Sarah Huckabee Sanders , the White House press secretary .
 “ This is going to be fun , ” Mr . Shine said , a remark that wa overheard by people nearby .
 White House aide said Mr . Shine could not have planned that a confrontation between Mr. Trump and Mr. Acosta would take place , or known that it would turn into a fight that ultimately went to court , and insisted he wa referring simply to the president ’ s feistiness before he went to the podium .
 But Mr. Shine ’ s willingness to encourage a confrontation that led to Mr. Acosta ’ s White House access badge being pulled — something that aide for month had kept the president from doing — is in keeping with much of his private advice to the man he now work for .
 “ After he ’ s done with all of this , ” Mr. Gingrich said , “ Shine will be able to write a great book . I joke with him that in the long run , there ’ s a great opportunity here . ”
 An earlier version of this article misstated the location and theme of a poster displayed by President Trump . It wa present at a cabinet meeting , not in the Oval Office , and it wa related to sanction , not the shutdown .
 Michael D. Shear contributed reporting .



 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Good Friday . ( Want this by email ? Sign up here . )
 Uber published the prospectus yesterday for it long-awaited I.P.O. , revealing the full scale of it ride-hailing empire — and potential warning sign for what is expected to be the biggest market debut in year .
 The main revelation :
 • $ 1.8 billion in loss last year , excluding gain from selling part of it business in Southeast Asia and Russia .
 • $ 11.3 billion in overall revenue .
 • 91 million monthly user , including service like food delivery and shared scooter and bike rental .
 • Its biggest shareholder include SoftBank of Japan and it co-founder and former C.E.O. , Travis Kalanick .
 Growth is slowing . In 2018 , revenue rose 42 percent from a year earlier . It had doubled the year before . And revenue from ride-hailing , it biggest business , wa roughly flat for the last six month of 2018 . Growth in monthly user also appears to be slowing .
 That could be a concern for investor who had hoped Uber would maintain a meteoric growth rate . A potential $ 100 billion valuation may be lower than expectation , but Lex point out that it ’ s still a rich number .
 More : How Uber stack up against Lyft . What Uber ’ s metric like “ core platform contribution margin ” actually mean . And Uber executive stand to make huge bonus from a big I.P.O . — it driver , not so much .
 Chevron said this morning that it planned to acquire Anadarko , the oil and gas producer , in what would be one of the biggest deal in the industry in year .
 • Under the term of the deal , Chevron would pay $ 65 a share in stock and cash . That is 39 percent above where Anadarko ’ s stock closed yesterday .
 • Including Anadarko ’ s debt , the transaction is valued at $ 50 billion .
 • Anadarko would give Chevron a huge presence in the Permian Basin in West Texas , one of the most valuable oil-producing area in the U.S . It would also strengthen Chevron ’ s liquid natural gas reserve .
 If completed , the deal would be Chevron ’ s biggest since it $ 36 billion takeover of Texaco , which closed in 2001 .
 The deal come a oil price have risen over the past six week after a reduction in supply by OPEC member . Futures for West Texas Intermediate crude reached $ 64.19 per barrel this morning , up 61 cent from their last closing price , according to Reuters .
 In Amazon ’ s annual letter to it shareholder , Jeff Bezos shared insight about the financial performance of his e-commerce behemoth .
 “ Third-party seller are kicking our first-party butt . Badly , ” Mr. Bezos wrote . Third-party sale on Amazon increased to $ 160 billion in 2018 from $ 100 million in 1999 — a compound annual growth rate of 52 percent . Amazon ’ s first-party sale rose to $ 117 billion from $ 1.6 billion in the same period , a growth rate of 25 percent .
 Growth in Amazon ’ s total merchandise sale is slowing , according to calculation by Shira Ovide of Bloomberg Opinion . She writes that the company sold $ 300 billion worth of merchandise in 2018 , up 19 percent from the previous year . But annual increase for that metric were 24 percent for 2017 and 27 percent for 2016 .
 “ It ’ s unfair to expect Amazon to grow like a start-up forever . But it ’ s not insignificant that this slowdown ha come even a Amazon ha attempted to flex more muscle in newer category , ” Ms. Ovide writes . “ It doesn ’ t seem like a coincidence that this come a it legacy retail competitor finally seem to have awakened and adapted to the e-commerce era . ”
 More : Mr. Bezos also dared retail rival to raise their minimum wage . A Walmart executive shot back by asking Amazon to pay tax .
 Four Republican senator said that they would not back Mr. Cain should President Trump nominate him a a Fed governor . That ’ s probably enough opposition to stop him from joining the central bank .
 “ If I had to vote today , I would vote no , ” Senator Kevin Cramer of North Dakota said yesterday , joining Mitt Romney of Utah , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Cory Gardner of Colorado in opposing Mr. Cain . They appear to have concern about his qualification and partisanship .
 Because Republicans hold only 53 Senate seat , a confirmation would require support from Democrats . That seems unlikely , given Mr. Cain ’ s frequent attack on opposition lawmaker .
 It ’ s unclear whether Mr. Trump ’ s other pick for the Fed , the economics commentator Stephen Moore , will fare better . Mr. Moore ha been embarrassed by revelation of tax problem , but Jim Tankersley of the NYT report that he may win wider support from Senate Republicans .
 Mr. Trump ’ s effort to politicize the Fed continue to outrage commentator . The Economist is worried that “ the Fed will become a political weapon , and that America will move closer to becoming a nation where the welfare of the ruling party trump that of the country a a whole . ”
 As part of trade negotiation with America , China ha offered new concession on access in the cloud-computing sector for U.S. tech company , the WSJ report .
 • China is “ proposing to issue more license that business need to operate data center and to lift the 50 percent equity cap that limit ownership for certain foreign cloud-service provider , ” according to unidentified source .
 • “ Amazon , Microsoft , Apple and others have invested million of dollar or more to provide cloud service in China , but are hampered by regulation . Better access would potentially allow them to enlarge their presence . ”
 • “ Questions still remain over the detail of the latest Chinese proposal , the people said , such a how quickly the equity cap would be removed , and whether the removal would be confined to certain geographical area , such a a free-trade zone . ”
 Both Washington and Beijing are offering a final round of concession , hoping they will lead to an agreement . President Trump said last week that he expected to reach a deal within the next four week .
 The owner of The National Enquirer may have found a potential buyer : Ron Burkle , the supermarket mogul , the NYT report .
 Mr. Burkle is known for buying distressed company , having made his fortune through buying and merging supermarket chain like Ralphs and Jurgensen ’ s . He ’ s also known for hobnobbing with celebrity like Leonardo DiCaprio and Madonna .
 He ’ s also a big donor to the Democratic Party , and wa close to President Bill Clinton . That would make his owning The Enquirer , the tabloid favored by Mr. Trump , unusual . ( He is also friend with Mr . Trump . )
 But leak of the Enquirer talk may scuttle a deal . After the NYT reported on the discussion , a spokesman for Mr. Burkle ’ s private equity firm said that the investor wasn ’ t in talk to buy the publication . The NYT report that Mr. Burkle ’ s team felt “ used ” by American Media Inc. , the tabloid ’ s current owner .
 The WikiLeaks founder wa arrested yesterday in London to face a charge in the U.S. of conspiring to hack into a Pentagon computer network in 2010 , the NYT report .
 • “ The Ecuadorean government suspended the citizenship it had granted Mr. Assange and evicted him on Thursday , clearing the way for his arrest . ”
 • “ At a court hearing , a judge swiftly found him guilty of jumping bail , and he wa detained partly in connection with an American extradition warrant . ”
 • “ Mr . Assange indicated that he would fight extradition , and legal expert said that process could take year . He is likely to argue that the case is politically motivated . ”
 The event brought to a head issue about press freedom . Mr. Assange ’ s work with WikiLeaks — obtaining and publishing information that official would prefer be kept secret — are hard to legally distinguish from journalism . Some fear that journalist could be treated in a similar way .
 Mr. Assange wa indicted on a charge of hacking , not publishing secret . But people who are worried about press freedom shouldn ’ t necessarily rest easy , Charlie Savage of the NYT writes .
 More : President Trump once claimed to “ love WikiLeaks. ” Yesterday , he said : “ I know nothing about WikiLeaks . It ’ s not my thing . ”
 The dust ha settled on the agreement to delay Britain ’ s withdrawal from the E.U . for at least six month . But reaction to the situation have been mixed .
 Business are unhappy . For many larger company , Brexit ha already happened . But “ business of all size are still pleading for Parliament to give them clarity before the economy slows , ” Amie Tsang of the NYT writes .
 Economists are pleased . The I.M.F. ’ s managing director , Christine Lagarde , said that the new Brexit date meant that Britain would avoid — for now — the “ terrible outcome ” of a no-deal departure . The Bank of England governor , Mark Carney , said the delay would make a no-deal exit le disruptive .
 And Prime Minister Theresa May is pushing on . She ha “ renewed her effort to push through her Brexit deal with the aid of the opposition Labour Party , in a desperate bid to avoid holding European parliamentary election in a month ’ s time , ” according to the FT .
 Bob Iger said yesterday that he would retire a Walt Disney ’ s C.E.O . in 2021 .
 Jamie Forese , the head of Citigroup ’ s investment bank and a potential successor to Mike Corbat a C.E.O. , is stepping down .
 Google ’ s chief diversity officer , Danielle Brown , is leaving to become the human resource chief at Gusto .
 Maryanne Trump Barry , a federal appellate judge in Philadelphia and the sister of President Trump , ha retired amid a civil misconduct investigation .
 Blackstone ha appointed Kelly Ayotte , a former Republican senator for New Hampshire , to it board .
 Deals
 • J . Crew may spin off it popular Madewell brand to raise much-needed capital . ( NYT )
 • Jay Alix , the corporate restructuring veteran , is leading a fight against what he say is McKinsey & Company ’ s control of the U.S. bankruptcy system . ( NYT )
 • A bidder for Disney ’ s sport network ha accused Charter Communications of trying to subvert the auction process . ( WSJ )
 • Goldman Sachs is trying to revive it once-dominant trading division by offering client technology and new service like cash management . ( FT )
 Politics and policy
 • Senator Elizabeth Warren proposed a 7 percent tax on corporate profit above $ 100 million , which would raise an estimated $ 1 trillion over the next decade . ( Bloomberg )
 • The Senate confirmed David Bernhardt , a former oil lobbyist , a the interior department secretary , despite Democratic lawmaker ’ concern . ( NYT )
 • A third of economist think even a small increase in the federal minimum wage would lead to job loss , according to a survey . ( WSJ )
 • A grand jury indicted Gregory Craig , a White House counsel in the Obama administration , over his work for Ukraine . ( NYT )
 Boeing
 • Families planning to sue Boeing in the U.S. over fatal crash in Indonesia and Ethiopia must first prove their lawsuit belong in America . ( WSJ )
 • The C.E.O. , Dennis Muilenberg , said that fix planned for the 737 Max jet would make them “ even safer. ” ( WSJ )
 • Before the Ethiopian Airlines crash , Boeing had said that the 737 Max 8 wa “ not suitable ” for some airport . ( Bloomberg )
 Tech
 • Disney introduced it streaming service , Disney Plus . Featuring original content from Marvel and all 30 season of “ The Simpsons , ” it will cost $ 7 a month , undercutting Netflix . ( NYT )
 • SpaceX launched the Falcon Heavy — the most powerful rocket in operation — for the second time . It also successfully landed all three of it booster for the first time . Related : What ’ s next for the space race . ( NYT , WSJ )
 • Tesla reshuffled the vehicle lineup on it online ordering system , making it harder to buy it cheapest vehicle . Also : Tesla and Panasonic have tempered expansion plan for their huge battery factory . ( Bloomberg )
 • What ’ s Big Tech ’ s relationship with the climate ? It ’ s complicated . ( Axios )
 Best of the rest
 • Economists said that they see the Fed holding rate steady at least through 2021 , according to a survey . ( WSJ )
 • The new World Bank president , David Malpass , say there is too much debt in the world . ( CNBC )
 • A defense lawyer for Carlos Ghosn say that detention is worsening his kidney condition . ( WSJ )
 • Sales rep for Purdue Pharma visited New York State doctor a half-million time between 2006 and 2017 to promote OxyContin , according to newly filed court document . ( NYT )
 • Michael Avenatti , already facing fraud and extortion charge , ha also been accused of stealing from client and of lying repeatedly about his income . ( NYT )
 • “ Game of Thrones ” return on Sunday . Here ’ s how it changed television . ( FT )
 Thanks for reading !
 We ’ d love your feedback . Please email thought and suggestion to business @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 by Noel Murray
 Jan. 31 , 2019
 Every month , Netflix Australia add a new batch of movie and TV show to it library . Here are our pick for February , broken down by release date .
 Every month , Netflix Australia add a new batch of movie and TV show to it library . Here are our pick for February , broken down by release date .
 [ Not the month you ’ re looking for ? Find the newest Netflix Australia guide here . ]
 [ Not the month you ’ re looking for ? Find the newest Netflix Australia guide here . ]
 ‘ Nightflyers ’ Season 1Starts streaming : February 1
 ‘ Nightflyers ’ Season 1Starts streaming : February 1
 Given how many novel and short story George R.R . Martin ha written over the past 50 year — including the series that inspired HBO ’ s wildly popular “ Game of Thrones ” — it ’ s surprising that his work hasn ’ t been more widely mined by TV producer . The author wasn ’ t directly involved with the new adaptation of his 1980 novella “ Nightflyers , ” but the show still retains the heart and brain of what Martin ha called his “ haunted starship story. ” “ Nightflyers ” follows a disparate band of deep-space colonist , fleeing a dying Earth while being driven to paranoia and madness by some mysterious entity . The show combine the atmospheric intergalactic terror of “ Alien ” with a good old-fashioned ghost story , and suggests that Martin ’ s back catalog might contain a gold mine of good TV material .
 Given how many novel and short story George R.R . Martin ha written over the past 50 year — including the series that inspired HBO ’ s wildly popular “ Game of Thrones ” — it ’ s surprising that his work hasn ’ t been more widely mined by TV producer . The author wasn ’ t directly involved with the new adaptation of his 1980 novella “ Nightflyers , ” but the show still retains the heart and brain of what Martin ha called his “ haunted starship story. ” “ Nightflyers ” follows a disparate band of deep-space colonist , fleeing a dying Earth while being driven to paranoia and madness by some mysterious entity . The show combine the atmospheric intergalactic terror of “ Alien ” with a good old-fashioned ghost story , and suggests that Martin ’ s back catalog might contain a gold mine of good TV material .
 —
 —
 ‘ Russian Doll ’ Starts streaming : February 1
 ‘ Russian Doll ’ Starts streaming : February 1
 The “ Groundhog Day ” premise of the eternally resetting day ha itself — somewhat ironically — been done over and over in movie and TV show . But nothing that ’ s come before is quite like “ Russian Doll , ” an innovative comedy co-created by Natasha Lyonne , Leslye Headland and Amy Poehler . Lyonne star a Nadia , who find herself continuously looping around to the same party , where something disastrous always happens . With every do-over , “ Russian Doll ” prof constantly delightful and surprising .
 The “ Groundhog Day ” premise of the eternally resetting day ha itself — somewhat ironically — been done over and over in movie and TV show . But nothing that ’ s come before is quite like “ Russian Doll , ” an innovative comedy co-created by Natasha Lyonne , Leslye Headland and Amy Poehler . Lyonne star a Nadia , who find herself continuously looping around to the same party , where something disastrous always happens . With every do-over , “ Russian Doll ” prof constantly delightful and surprising .
 —
 —
 ‘ One Day at a Time ’ Season 3Starts streaming : February 8
 ‘ One Day at a Time ’ Season 3Starts streaming : February 8
 It feel like a little gift every time this critically acclaimed reimagining of Norman Lear ’ s long-running ’ 70s-and- ’ 80 sitcom get renewed . In season three , the blue-collar Cuban-American Alvarez family will continue to spar about hot-button political issue , while also dealing with big anxiety in their personal life — involving career change , romance and the persistent fear that one bad medical diagnosis or huge repair bill could upset everything they ’ ve been working toward .
 It feel like a little gift every time this critically acclaimed reimagining of Norman Lear ’ s long-running ’ 70s-and- ’ 80 sitcom get renewed . In season three , the blue-collar Cuban-American Alvarez family will continue to spar about hot-button political issue , while also dealing with big anxiety in their personal life — involving career change , romance and the persistent fear that one bad medical diagnosis or huge repair bill could upset everything they ’ ve been working toward .
 —
 —
 ‘ Dirty John ’ Season 1Starts streaming : February 14
 ‘ Dirty John ’ Season 1Starts streaming : February 14
 One of the many recent TV series adapted from podcasts , the eight-episode first season of “ Dirty John ” is about John Meehan ( played by Eric Bana ) , a handsome and magnetic con artist known for seducing woman and then slowly destroying their life . The already-in-the-works second season will tell an entirely new true story , but it ’ ll be hard to top the cast for the first , which includes Connie Britton a Debra Newell — one of John ’ s victim — and Juno Temple and Jean Smart a her concerned family member .
 One of the many recent TV series adapted from podcasts , the eight-episode first season of “ Dirty John ” is about John Meehan ( played by Eric Bana ) , a handsome and magnetic con artist known for seducing woman and then slowly destroying their life . The already-in-the-works second season will tell an entirely new true story , but it ’ ll be hard to top the cast for the first , which includes Connie Britton a Debra Newell — one of John ’ s victim — and Juno Temple and Jean Smart a her concerned family member .
 —
 —
 ‘ Larry Charles ’ Dangerous World of Comedy ’ Starts streaming : February 15
 ‘ Larry Charles ’ Dangerous World of Comedy ’ Starts streaming : February 15
 The writer-director-comedian Larry Charles is known for his willingness to take chance and push button , whether partnering with Larry David on “ Seinfeld ” and “ Curb Your Enthusiasm ” or helping Sacha Baron Cohen prank the unsuspecting in the movie “ Borat. ” Charles ’ latest project is more serious : a four-part documentary series about comedian in some of the world ’ s most troubled region , who risk reprimand or worse when they try to make people laugh .
 The writer-director-comedian Larry Charles is known for his willingness to take chance and push button , whether partnering with Larry David on “ Seinfeld ” and “ Curb Your Enthusiasm ” or helping Sacha Baron Cohen prank the unsuspecting in the movie “ Borat. ” Charles ’ latest project is more serious : a four-part documentary series about comedian in some of the world ’ s most troubled region , who risk reprimand or worse when they try to make people laugh .
 —
 —
 ‘ The Umbrella Academy ’ Starts streaming : February 15
 ‘ The Umbrella Academy ’ Starts streaming : February 15
 The rock band My Chemical Romance ’ s frontman Gerard Way turned to writing comic book about a decade ago , combining his lifelong obsession with science fiction and teen rebellion into the cult series “ The Umbrella Academy. ” The TV version of the comic ha Ellen Page playing a non-super-powered sibling in a family of superheroes . When the clan ’ s ultra-rich and ambitious patriarch dy , his adopted child are reunited and have to put aside old grudge to help save the world .
 The rock band My Chemical Romance ’ s frontman Gerard Way turned to writing comic book about a decade ago , combining his lifelong obsession with science fiction and teen rebellion into the cult series “ The Umbrella Academy. ” The TV version of the comic ha Ellen Page playing a non-super-powered sibling in a family of superheroes . When the clan ’ s ultra-rich and ambitious patriarch dy , his adopted child are reunited and have to put aside old grudge to help save the world .
 —
 —
 [ Want more Australia coverage ? Sign up for the weekly Australia Letter here . ]
 [ Want more Australia coverage ? Sign up for the weekly Australia Letter here . ]
 ‘ Chef ’ s Table ’ Season 6Starts streaming : February 22
 ‘ Chef ’ s Table ’ Season 6Starts streaming : February 22
 Very few Netflix original have run for a many season a “ Chef ’ s Table ” ( granted , each season only feature four to six episode ) . Still , it ’ s impressive that it creator , David Gelb , ha been able to draw such a steady audience with a cooking show that emphasizes visual beauty and psychological inquiry over , say , instruction on how to pan-sear a tuna steak . The chef in the sixth season include the American Southern-cooking expert Sean Brock and Asma Khan , the London-based master of Indian food .
 Very few Netflix original have run for a many season a “ Chef ’ s Table ” ( granted , each season only feature four to six episode ) . Still , it ’ s impressive that it creator , David Gelb , ha been able to draw such a steady audience with a cooking show that emphasizes visual beauty and psychological inquiry over , say , instruction on how to pan-sear a tuna steak . The chef in the sixth season include the American Southern-cooking expert Sean Brock and Asma Khan , the London-based master of Indian food .
 —
 —
 ‘ Suburra : Blood on Rome ’ Season 2Starts streaming : February 22
 ‘ Suburra : Blood on Rome ’ Season 2Starts streaming : February 22
 The intense , complex Italian-mafia saga “ Suburra : Blood on Rome ” return for 10 more episode , continuing to examine the interconnection of organized crime , political power and real estate in modern Italy . “ Suburra ” is a different kind of mob drama — one that function le like an action thriller and more like a detailed procedural , aiming to show exactly how corruption can seep through every layer of society .
 The intense , complex Italian-mafia saga “ Suburra : Blood on Rome ” return for 10 more episode , continuing to examine the interconnection of organized crime , political power and real estate in modern Italy . “ Suburra ” is a different kind of mob drama — one that function le like an action thriller and more like a detailed procedural , aiming to show exactly how corruption can seep through every layer of society .
 —
 —
 Also of Interest
 Also of Interest
 “ Gotham ” Season 4 ( February 1 ) , “ Nailed It ! Mexico ” ( February 8 ) , “ Dating Around ” ( February 14 ) , “ The Dragon Prince ” Season 2 ( February 15 ) , “ Homeland ” Season 7 ( February 15 ) , “ Rebellion ” Season 2 ( February 22 ) , “ Working Moms ” ( February 22 ) , “ The Big Family Cooking Showdown ” Season 2 ( February 22 ) , “ Tales by Light ” Season 3 ( February 22 ) , “ Van Helsing ” Season 3 ( February 25 ) and “ Shadowhunters : The Mortal Instruments ” Season 3 ( February 26 ) .
 “ Gotham ” Season 4 ( February 1 ) , “ Nailed It ! Mexico ” ( February 8 ) , “ Dating Around ” ( February 14 ) , “ The Dragon Prince ” Season 2 ( February 15 ) , “ Homeland ” Season 7 ( February 15 ) , “ Rebellion ” Season 2 ( February 22 ) , “ Working Moms ” ( February 22 ) , “ The Big Family Cooking Showdown ” Season 2 ( February 22 ) , “ Tales by Light ” Season 3 ( February 22 ) , “ Van Helsing ” Season 3 ( February 25 ) and “ Shadowhunters : The Mortal Instruments ” Season 3 ( February 26 ) .
 ‘ Velvet Buzzsaw ’ Starts streaming : February 1
 ‘ Velvet Buzzsaw ’ Starts streaming : February 1
 Part art-world satire , part serial-killer thriller , the “ Nightcrawler ” writer-director Dan Gilroy ’ s new movie “ Velvet Buzzsaw ” should delight some adventurous movie buff … and probably irritate just a many . An all-star cast ( including Jake Gyllenhaal , Rene Russo , Toni Collette , Daveed Diggs and John Malkovich ) play a close-knit group of Los Angeles visual artist , dealer , gallery manager and critic , who are wowed by the gruesome painting discovered in the apartment of a mysterious dead man . The first half of “ Velvet Buzzsaw ” is a pretty standard-issue spoof of the rich and pretentious . Then the haunted artwork start coming to life and a whole lot of truly original weirdness ensues .
 Part art-world satire , part serial-killer thriller , the “ Nightcrawler ” writer-director Dan Gilroy ’ s new movie “ Velvet Buzzsaw ” should delight some adventurous movie buff … and probably irritate just a many . An all-star cast ( including Jake Gyllenhaal , Rene Russo , Toni Collette , Daveed Diggs and John Malkovich ) play a close-knit group of Los Angeles visual artist , dealer , gallery manager and critic , who are wowed by the gruesome painting discovered in the apartment of a mysterious dead man . The first half of “ Velvet Buzzsaw ” is a pretty standard-issue spoof of the rich and pretentious . Then the haunted artwork start coming to life and a whole lot of truly original weirdness ensues .
 —
 —
 ‘ High Flying Bird ’ Starts streaming : February 8
 ‘ High Flying Bird ’ Starts streaming : February 8
 Director Steven Soderbergh and screenwriter Tarell Alvin McCraney ( who wrote the play that Barry Jenkins adapted into the movie “ Moonlight ” ) take on the evolving business of professional sport in “ High Flying Bird , ” a crackling drama that raise question about whether the power in athletics should rest with the player or the owner . André Holland play a forward-thinking agent , working with and against various faction in a pro basketball league to get the best deal — within a 72-hour window — not just for his in-demand client , but for everyone else who play the game . Soderbergh shot this movie on an iPhone , adding a documentary immediacy .
 Director Steven Soderbergh and screenwriter Tarell Alvin McCraney ( who wrote the play that Barry Jenkins adapted into the movie “ Moonlight ” ) take on the evolving business of professional sport in “ High Flying Bird , ” a crackling drama that raise question about whether the power in athletics should rest with the player or the owner . André Holland play a forward-thinking agent , working with and against various faction in a pro basketball league to get the best deal — within a 72-hour window — not just for his in-demand client , but for everyone else who play the game . Soderbergh shot this movie on an iPhone , adding a documentary immediacy .
 —
 —
 ‘ Get Out ’ Starts streaming : February 9
 ‘ Get Out ’ Starts streaming : February 9
 The writer-director Jordan Peele ’ s latest offbeat horror film “ Us ” is debuting in cinema in March , so now ’ s a good time to revisit the comedian ’ s startling 2017 feature filmmaking debut : a clever low-budget thriller that went on to be one of the most financially successful and talked-about movie of that year . Daniel Kaluuya star a a black photographer who agrees to meet his white girlfriend ’ s aggressively progressive parent , not realizing that the whole family ha nefarious plan . While poking at the subtle racism of well-meaning liberal , Peele also delivers a picture filled with nail-biting suspense and pulse-pounding action .
 The writer-director Jordan Peele ’ s latest offbeat horror film “ Us ” is debuting in cinema in March , so now ’ s a good time to revisit the comedian ’ s startling 2017 feature filmmaking debut : a clever low-budget thriller that went on to be one of the most financially successful and talked-about movie of that year . Daniel Kaluuya star a a black photographer who agrees to meet his white girlfriend ’ s aggressively progressive parent , not realizing that the whole family ha nefarious plan . While poking at the subtle racism of well-meaning liberal , Peele also delivers a picture filled with nail-biting suspense and pulse-pounding action .
 —
 —
 ‘ Paddleton ’ Starts streaming : February 22
 ‘ Paddleton ’ Starts streaming : February 22
 The prolific filmmaker , TV producer and actor Mark Duplass both star in and co-wrote the dramedy “ Paddleton , ” alongside the movie ’ s director Alex Lehmann . Duplass and Ray Romano play neighbor who gradually become chum , bonding over a game they invented . Like a lot of Duplass ’ s work , “ Paddleton ” start out a a film about grown men who act like goofy kid , but it take a turn when a terminal cancer diagnosis change the nature of the friendship and inspires a road trip .
 The prolific filmmaker , TV producer and actor Mark Duplass both star in and co-wrote the dramedy “ Paddleton , ” alongside the movie ’ s director Alex Lehmann . Duplass and Ray Romano play neighbor who gradually become chum , bonding over a game they invented . Like a lot of Duplass ’ s work , “ Paddleton ” start out a a film about grown men who act like goofy kid , but it take a turn when a terminal cancer diagnosis change the nature of the friendship and inspires a road trip .
 —
 —
 ‘ Isn ’ t It Romantic ’ Starts streaming : February 28
 ‘ Isn ’ t It Romantic ’ Starts streaming : February 28
 Romantic comedy clichés get savaged — mostly affectionately — in the colorful “ Isn ’ t It Romantic , ” which star the comedian Rebel Wilson a a woman who get conked on the head and wake up in an idealized rom-com world . Her gritty urban neighborhood now sparkle . Her suddenly enormous apartment is filled with stylish furniture and clothes . She ha a gay best friend . And the handsomest man she ’ s ever met ( played by Liam Hemsworth ) pursues her relentlessly . While kicking the genre around a bit , Wilson and the filmmaker still get to angle for a crowd-pleasing happy ending .
 Romantic comedy clichés get savaged — mostly affectionately — in the colorful “ Isn ’ t It Romantic , ” which star the comedian Rebel Wilson a a woman who get conked on the head and wake up in an idealized rom-com world . Her gritty urban neighborhood now sparkle . Her suddenly enormous apartment is filled with stylish furniture and clothes . She ha a gay best friend . And the handsomest man she ’ s ever met ( played by Liam Hemsworth ) pursues her relentlessly . While kicking the genre around a bit , Wilson and the filmmaker still get to angle for a crowd-pleasing happy ending .
 —
 —
 Also of Interest
 Also of Interest
 “ Dear Ex ” ( February 1 ) , “ The Hunt for Red October ” ( February 1 ) , “ Jawbreaker ” ( February 1 ) , “ The Fate of the Furious ” ( February 2 ) , “ Chronicle ” ( February 13 ) , “ Paddington ” ( February 14 ) , “ Identity Thief ” ( February 15 ) , “ The Island ” ( February 15 ) , “ Liar Liar ” ( February 15 ) , “ Role Models ” ( February 15 ) , “ Yucatan ” ( February 15 ) “ Firebrand ” ( February 22 ) , “ Paris Is Us ” ( February 22 ) , “ The Photographer of Mauthausen ” ( February 22 ) , “ The Other Boleyn Girl ” ( February 28 ) and “ The Shallows ” ( February 28 )
 “ Dear Ex ” ( February 1 ) , “ The Hunt for Red October ” ( February 1 ) , “ Jawbreaker ” ( February 1 ) , “ The Fate of the Furious ” ( February 2 ) , “ Chronicle ” ( February 13 ) , “ Paddington ” ( February 14 ) , “ Identity Thief ” ( February 15 ) , “ The Island ” ( February 15 ) , “ Liar Liar ” ( February 15 ) , “ Role Models ” ( February 15 ) , “ Yucatan ” ( February 15 ) “ Firebrand ” ( February 22 ) , “ Paris Is Us ” ( February 22 ) , “ The Photographer of Mauthausen ” ( February 22 ) , “ The Other Boleyn Girl ” ( February 28 ) and “ The Shallows ” ( February 28 )
 ‘ Ray Romano : Right Here , Around the Corner ’ Starts streaming : February 5
 ‘ Ray Romano : Right Here , Around the Corner ’ Starts streaming : February 5
 The “ Everybody Loves Raymond ” star Ray Romano ha lately been showing off his skill a a dramatic actor , in movie like “ The Big Sick ” and “ Paddleton ” and TV show like “ Vinyl ” and “ Get Shorty. ” He return to his stand-up root for his first special in 23 year , assembled from recording of two Manhattan club gig that Romano performed on the same night — showing the kind of hustle required of young comic when they ’ re just starting out . Pre-sitcom fame , Romano wa widely acknowledged a one of the best in the biz , able with just a few line to get audience rolling at his pointed observation about everyday family life .
 The “ Everybody Loves Raymond ” star Ray Romano ha lately been showing off his skill a a dramatic actor , in movie like “ The Big Sick ” and “ Paddleton ” and TV show like “ Vinyl ” and “ Get Shorty. ” He return to his stand-up root for his first special in 23 year , assembled from recording of two Manhattan club gig that Romano performed on the same night — showing the kind of hustle required of young comic when they ’ re just starting out . Pre-sitcom fame , Romano wa widely acknowledged a one of the best in the biz , able with just a few line to get audience rolling at his pointed observation about everyday family life .
 —
 —
 Also of Interest
 Also of Interest
 ‘ Ken Jeong : You Complete Me , Ho ’ ( February 14 )
 ‘ Ken Jeong : You Complete Me , Ho ’ ( February 14 )
 Want more Australia coverage and discussion ? Sign up for the weekly Australia Letter , start your day with your local Morning Briefing and join u in our Facebook group .
 Read our FAQs or contact u to let u know how we ’ re doing .
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Good Tuesday . ( Want this by email ? Sign up here . )
 China ’ s premier said today that his government would respond to an economic slowdown by cutting tax , easing burden on the private sector and giving market a bigger role , Keith Bradsher and Chris Buckley of the NYT write .
 2019 is a “ crucial year ” for China ’ s economy , Premier Li Keqiang , the second-ranking official in the country after President Xi Jinping , said at the opening of the National People ’ s Congress in Beijing this morning . He said the trade war with America had “ had an adverse effect , ” adding , “ We must be fully prepared for a tough struggle . ”
 China ha lowered it growth target for this year . Mr. Li said that the nation wa now aiming for gross domestic product growth of 6 to 6.5 percent , down from a target of 6.5 percent over the past two year .
 Other policy change include a reduction in value added tax , which is expected to boost corporate earnings . And Mr. Li said the government would “ act with resolve to hand matter it shouldn ’ t manage over to the market . ”
 But Mr. Li ’ s speech “ did not go a far a domestic or foreign critic would have liked , ” Mr. Bradsher and Mr. Buckley write , adding that “ economic anxiety have come to dominate policy in China ” over the past year .
 And China may just need to accept the new normal . A gradual decline in an astonishing growth rate is “ what happens when you become a big , maturing economy , ” Daniel Moss of Bloomberg Opinion writes .
 More : China is getting ready to overhaul to it law on foreign investment in order to ease it trade dispute with the U.S .
 A Tokyo court ruled today that the former auto industry leader Carlos Ghosn could post bail , month after he wa charged with financial misconduct . The court set the bail at 1 billion yen , or about $ 9 million .
 It wa Mr. Ghosn ’ s third bail request , but the first led by his new legal team , including the high-profile defense lawyer Junichiro Hironaka . Prosecutors previously argued that Mr. Ghosn wa a flight risk and might tamper with evidence .
 The court imposed strict limit on Mr. Ghosn , including a ban on leaving Japan , surveillance outside his Tokyo residence and a pledge not to contact people beyond his legal team . “ The bail condition are severe , but we will make sure to comply , ” Mr. Hironaka said .
 The battle for bail highlighted Japan ’ s use of what critic call “ hostage justice. ” The FT writes that it “ prolongs the detainment of defendant who , like Mr. Ghosn , assert their innocence and refuse to make a confession . ”
 Mr. Ghosn isn ’ t free yet . Prosecutors have appealed , and his own legal team say he ’ s unlikely to be released today .
 The chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , Representative Jerry Nadler , issued a flurry of document request yesterday to all corner of President Trump ’ s world . It ’ s the most sweeping effort yet by Democratic lawmaker to investigate the president for alleged misdeed .
 Mr. Nadler requested information from 81 people and agency , including the Trump Organization , the Trump campaign , the Trump Foundation , the inaugural committee , the White House , and family member and aide . Other House committee chair have requested document related to Mr. Trump ’ s communication with President Vladimir Putin of Russia .
 Democrats are looking into possible violation of campaign finance law and use of office for personal gain , particularly where it might violate a constitutional ban on foreign emolument . They ’ re also investigating claim about hush money payment to the porn star Stormy Daniels and attack against critic .
 They clearly won ’ t wait for Robert Mueller . The NYT note that the House ha “ a different standard of evidence not wedded to a criminal indictment. ” Republicans accused their colleague of laying the groundwork for impeachment proceeding .
 But hurdle remain . Unlike Mr. Mueller , House Democrats can ’ t compel document production by convening a grand jury . And the White House could assert executive privilege to block some request — though Trump administration official said they would cooperate when possible .
 The telecom giant finally unveiled it new structure for what wa once Time Warner yesterday , day after it beat the Justice Department ’ s effort to block the acquisition . Warner Media , a it now is , ha been reorganized to better fight old rival ( like Verizon ) and new one ( like Netflix ) .
 Who ’ s in ? Bob Greenblatt , the former head of NBC and Showtime , will be chairman of Warner Media Entertainment . Jeff Zucker , the current CNN chief , will oversee news and sport . And Kevin Tsujihara will continue to lead the Warner Bros. movie studio , along with a new division for family and kid ’ programming .
 The battle ha two front . AT & T hope 24-hour news and content like “ Game of Thrones ” will help it fend off telecom competitor . But it also want to compete in streaming against giant like Netflix and Amazon . John Stankey , the head of Warner Media , told the NYT that the reorganization would speed the development of a new online video service .
 The man in the hot seat is Mr. Greenblatt , who a HBO ’ s new bos replaces Richard Plepler , the much-admired former C.E.O . who resisted AT & T ’ s desire to make the network more like Netflix . Mr. Greenblatt defended AT & T ’ s approach , telling Vanity Fair that HBO would have to increase it output “ because now we live in a volume world , and there ’ s no way to really avoid that . ”
 More : The New Yorker reported that in the summer of 2017 , President Trump ordered Gary Cohn , then his economic adviser , to push the Justice Department into blocking AT & T ’ s acquisition of Time Warner .
 After the Great Depression , the Glass-Steagall Act forced lender to separate their commercial and investment banking operation . Now , Representative David Cicilline , who lead the House antitrust subcommittee , wonder if something similar could apply to tech .
 “ It ’ s an interesting idea whether there would be a way to think about separating what platform do versus people who are selling product and information — a Glass-Steagall for the international ” tech company , Mr. Cicilline told the FT .
 His view hold weight . Mr. Cicilline ha been an outspoken voice in the Democratic Party about tech regulation — he previously said that “ Facebook can not be trusted to regulate itself ” — and his committee position is a powerful one .
 Others in Washington are making similar noise . Last week , the F.T.C . announced a new Big Tech task force , and it director of competition , Bruce Hoffman , said that some company could be forced to “ spin off ” previous acquisition .
 Lawmakers on both side of the aisle want to limit company ’ ability to buy back their share . But Josh Bolten , the C.E.O . of the Business Roundtable , and Ken Bertsch , the executive director of the Council of Institutional Investors , write in an NYT Op-Ed that such effort could hurt the economy .
 • Restricting buyback and dividend , the two write , could force company “ to sit on cash or waste it on project with a low potential for success . ”
 • “ Some critic of buyback miss this point : Money returned to shareholder through buyback and dividend doe not disappear from the economy , ” Mr. Bolten and Mr. Bertsch add , citing individual making big purchase , angel investment in new business and loan a potential us of such cash .
 • “ While there wa a substantial increase in buyback and dividend last year , business investment also increased substantially and grew at the fastest rate since 2011 . ”
 • “ Not only do buyback and dividend support a stronger and more dynamic economy , they also contribute to Americans ’ retirement security , ” Mr. Bolten and Mr. Bertsch write , citing widespread stock ownership in American household .
 • The two concede that buyback could be abused and advocate company having strong corporate governance . But they argue federal limitation “ would stifle innovation and opportunity in America . ”
 A recent Google study into pay equality at the company found — to the surprise of just about everyone — that men were paid le than woman for doing similar work , Daisuke Wakabayashi of the NYT writes :
 • “ The study , which disproportionately led to pay raise for thousand of men , is done every year . ”
 • “ In response to the study , Google gave $ 9.7 million in additional compensation to 10,677 employee for this year . Men account for about 69 percent of the company ’ s work force , but they received a higher percentage of the money . ”
 • “ Critics said the result of the pay study could give a false impression . Company official acknowledged that it did not address whether woman were hired at a lower pay grade than men with similar qualification . ”
 • “ A more difficult issue to solve — one that critic say Google often mismanages for woman — is a human resource concept called leveling . Are employee assigned to the appropriate pay grade for their qualification ? ”
 More : Some employee reportedly believe that the company continues to work on a censored search engine for China .
 PepsiCo promoted Laxman Narasimhan to chief commercial officer , a new position .
 Andreessen Horowitz hired David George from General Atlantic a a partner focused on later-stage venture capital investment .
 Deals
 • Purdue Pharma , the maker of OxyContin , is reportedly exploring a bankruptcy filing to limit it legal liability . ( Reuters )
 • Newmont Mining rejected Barrick Gold ’ s $ 17.8 billion takeover offer and instead proposed a joint venture . ( Bloomberg )
 • Alibaba is working with Office Depot on a U.S. e-commerce venture . ( Reuters )
 • The review site Trustpilot raised $ 55 million in a funding round led by a subsidiary of the investment firm Advent International . ( CNBC )
 • Is it time to stop betting on Warren Buffett ? ( MarketWatch )
 Politics and policy
 • A majority of senator have declared against President Trump ’ s declaration of a national emergency over a border wall . ( NYT )
 • Big tech company were out in force at last year ’ s Conservative Political Action Conference . Not this year . ( NYT )
 • Attorney General Bill Barr won ’ t recuse himself from overseeing Robert Mueller ’ s investigation . ( CNBC )
 • Roger Stone may have violated his gag order with another Instagram post . ( NY Post )
 Brexit
 • British official head back to Brussels today to seek concession from the E.U . that might make Prime Minister Theresa May ’ s Brexit deal more acceptable to her party . ( Bloomberg )
 • British shopper have begun holding off on spending . ( FT )
 • President Emmanuel Macron of France ha called for a “ European renaissance ” to strengthen the E.U . after Britain leaf . ( FT )
 Trade
 • The U.S. plan to end preferential trade agreement with India and Turkey . ( BBC )
 • U.S. and E.U . trade negotiator can ’ t agree on agriculture policy , which could reignite an economic fight . ( WSJ )
 Tech
 • The N.S.A . ha shut down a program that analyzes log of Americans ’ domestic call and text . ( NYT )
 • Facebook ha sued Chinese company for creating and selling fake account . ( WSJ )
 • A guide to Huawei ’ s big A.I . ambition . ( MIT Technology Review )
 • Chinese hacker reportedly attacked more than two dozen university around the world to steal research about military maritime technology . ( WSJ )
 • Vladimir Putin want even more control of Russia ’ s internet . ( Bloomberg )
 • The British police have launched a fraud investigation into the payment start-up Revolut after a cash transfer went missing . ( FT )
 Best of the rest
 • China ha accused two detained Canadians of espionage . ( NYT )
 • A federal judge took the rare step of dismissing a market manipulation case against a Barclays trader before a jury verdict , preventing an appeal by prosecutor . ( NYT )
 • Nordea Bank , the biggest Nordic bank , reportedly handled almost $ 800 million in suspicious fund between 2005 and 2017 . ( Bloomberg )
 • For just the second time , a patient appears to have been cured of H.I.V . ( NYT )
 • The case against publishing tax return . ( Bloomberg Opinion )
 Thanks for reading ! We ’ ll see you tomorrow .
 We ’ d love your feedback . Please email thought and suggestion to business @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Jennifer Vineyard
 Watching is the TV and film recommendation website of The New York Times . Sign up for our twice-weekly newsletter here .
 March doesn ’ t just bring madness — it also brings new streaming selection . Below are the most interesting of what we ’ ve found among the new TV series and movie coming to the major streaming service this month , along with roundup of the best new title in all genre . ( Streaming service occasionally change schedule without notice . )
 ‘ After Life ’ Starts streaming : March 8
 Ricky Gervais ’ s new series , which he also wrote and directed , isn ’ t quite a comedy . Over the course of six half-hour episode his character Tony , a widower who ha recently lost his wife to breast cancer , abuse everyone he encounter in his small fictional English town . Tony no longer see a need to pretend to be friendly to anyone or feign interest in anything , and while his insult and put-down are amusing , his regular threat of suicide are le so . He ’ s a man who ha given up on life , but life keep drawing him back in . ( A local widow played by Penelope Wilton see behind his veneer of misery . ) The show is a tough watch at time but Gervais hold our attention throughout .
 ‘ Triple Frontier ’ Starts streaming : March 13
 Oscar Isaac is so convincing in the role of an intensely charismatic leader that it make perfect sense that a group of ex-Special Forces veteran ( Ben Affleck , Pedro Pascal , Charlie Hunnam , Garrett Hedlund ) would happily team up with him for a mission that is not government sanctioned , and , more important , could be suicidal . The plan ? To rip off and murder a South American drug lord in his own home . It ’ s a heist film with stunning location and ingenious caper technique . Plus it affords an excellent opportunity to scream at Ben Affleck when his character make idiotic mistake .
 ‘ Turn Up Charlie ’ Season 1 Starts streaming : March 15
 Surprised to learn that the actor Idris Elba is playing this year ’ s Coachella lineup ? Don ’ t be : Elba moonlight a a DJ , and ha played festival and club around the world . And now he ’ s playing one on TV , in this new half-hour series about a washed-up DJ named Charlie who is striving for a comeback . Charlie get a career boost when his more successful best friend request help with looking after his precocious tweenage daughter Gabby ( an adorable Frankie Hervey ) . The gig ha some major perk , chief among them access to his friend ’ s in-home recording studio . Elba and Hervey have great freewheeling chemistry , and their affectionate bond is the show ’ s sweet , gooey heart . Bonus attraction : watching Elba show off his skill behind the DJ deck .
 ‘ Amy Schumer Growing ’ Starts streaming : March 19
 Amy Schumer recently had to cancel the remaining date of her latest comedy tour because of pregnancy complication , and anyone wanting to know more about that can now hear in considerable detail . In her latest stand-up special , Schumer explains all about hyperemesis gravidarum , a knockout punch of extreme nausea and vomiting that ’ s had her against the rope for month . ( “ I throw up an ‘ Exorcist ’ -amount every day , ” she say . ) The silver uterine lining of it all is her maternal trial have given her some great new material to work with : story about how her husband , who is on the autism spectrum , ha dealt with her multiple hospitalization and why she wa arrested while protesting Brett Kavanaugh ’ s confirmation to the Supreme Court . And you should really hear her solution to the problem of unsolicited sexting — it ’ s pretty certain to shut that nonsense down .
 Also arriving : “ Apollo 13 ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind ” ( March 1 ) , “ A Clockwork Orange ” ( March 1 ) , “ Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ” ( March 1 ) , “ Emma ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Hurt Locker ” ( March 1 ) , “ Junebug ” ( March 1 ) , “ Music and Lyrics ” ( March 1 ) , “ Nick and Norah ’ s Infinite Playlist ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Notebook ” ( March 1 ) , “ Stuart Little ” ( March 1 ) , “ Sweeney Todd : The Demon Barber of Fleet Street ” ( March 1 ) , “ Wet Hot American Summer ” ( March 1 ) , “ Winter ’ s Bone ” ( March 1 ) , “ Doubt ” ( March 7 ) , “ Blue Jasmine ” ( March 8 ) , “ Juanita ” ( March 8 ) , “ A Separation ” ( March 15 ) , “ Arrested Development ” Season 5B ( March 15 ) , “ Girl ” ( March 15 ) , “ Love , Death & Robots ” Season 1 ( March 15 ) , “ Queer Eye ” Season 3 ( March 15 ) , “ The Lives of Others ” ( March 15 ) , “ The Dirt ” ( March 22 ) , “ The OA ” Part 2 ( March 22 ) , “ Santa Clarita Diet ” Season 3 ( March 29 ) and “ How to Get Away with Murder ” Season 5 ( March 30 ) .
 ‘ Catastrophe ’ Season 4 Starts streaming : March 15
 “ Catastrophe ” began with Sharon and Rob ( played by the show ’ s creator Sharon Horgan and Rob Delaney ) in a panicked state over an accidental pregnancy following a brief fling . As the show ha progressed , the couple ha grown into their relationship ( more or le ) and they are now the parent of two kid . They still experience moment of insecurity about the state of their union , and occasionally find themselves on the verge of ending it . ( At one point Sharon asks Rob , “ Were you unhappy the whole time ? ” ) But in the show ’ s final season , this unlikely alliance enters a new , bittersweet phase , one in which we see that love and resentment can coexist , and hope and despair , too . The closing moment is a perfect ( and perfectly ambiguous ) a a series finale can get .
 ‘ Cold War ’ Starts streaming : March 22
 The Polish director Pawel Pawlikowski ’ s Oscar-nominated film is an enchanting black-and-white drama about a tempestuous love affair set against the backdrop of the Cold War . Wiktor ( Tomasz Kot ) , a pianist and composer , and Zula ( Joanna Kulig ) , a singer , begin a romance a they tour Poland performing folk song in service of communist propaganda ; they are eventually separated , but over the course of a decade they continue to find a way back to one another , only to lose touch again . This is a haunting story in which silence doe much of the speaking .
 ‘ Hanna ’ Season 1 Starts streaming : March 29
 “ If anyone asks , that girl doe not exist , ” say the federal agent Marissa ( Mireille Enos ) , trying to preclude public awareness of this show ’ s titular teenage assassin . Based on Joe Wright ’ s 2011 film of the same name , this “ Hanna ” share the same writer ( David Farr , here the showrunner ) and feature the newcomer Esme Creed-Miles in the role originated by Saoirse Ronan and Joel Kinnaman a Hanna ’ s guardian/trainer . It ’ s nice to see Kinnaman and Enos together again ( they co-starred in the AMC series “ The Killing ” ) and to find that the show wisely swap out some of the movie ’ s curious aesthetic choice ( like the ethereal fairy tale motif ) in order to spend more time on character development , world-building and breathtaking action sequence .
 Also arriving : “ The American ” ( March 1 ) , “ Boston Legal ” Seasons 1-5 ( March 1 ) , “ The Widow ” Season 1 ( March 1 ) , “ American Beauty ” ( March 1 ) , “ Big Night ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Chumscrubber ” ( March 1 ) , “ Deep Red ” ( “ Profondo rosso ” ) ( March 1 ) , “ Little House on the Prairie ” Seasons 1-9 ( March 1 ) , “ Nacho Libre ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Practice ” Seasons 1-9 ( March 1 ) , “ The Unit ” Seasons 1-4 ( March 1 ) , “ Tin Star ” Season 2 ( March 8 ) and “ Colette ” ( March 12 ) .
 ‘ Leaving Neverland ’ Parts 1 and 2Starts streaming : March 3
 It ’ s hard to say what is the most devastating thing about this four-hour documentary . It might be the graphic , horrifying allegation of child sexual abuse made by two men , Wade Robson and James Safechuck , against Michael Jackson . Or it could be the fact that Robson and Safechuck were still unable to emotionally process what they say occurred and speak out a young adult during the singer ’ s 2004-2005 criminal trial , when justice might have been meted out and other child protected . Just a with the “ Surviving R. Kelly ” series on Lifetime , the accusation themselves — furiously contested by Jackson ’ s estate — are not new . But the impact of survivor on camera sharing their painful recollection is . The difference now , perhaps , is that the public seems ready to listen .
 ‘ The Inventor : Out for Blood in Silicon Valley ’ Starts streaming : March 18
 “ I don ’ t have many secret , ” Elizabeth Holmes claim near the start of Alex Gibney ’ s latest documentary . But that ’ s a lie , a wa the entire basis for her now-defunct health care start-up Theranos , which claimed to offer a revolutionary approach to medical blood test with an all-in-one testing device that supposedly required only a single drop of blood . Theranos wa the Fyre Festival of Silicon Valley — an exercise in branding that promised the impossible and duped a lot of famous and influential people . But Gibney ha no interest in laughing at the people who fell for the fraud ; instead , the filmmaker seek to dissect the condition that made the scandal possible . Where wa the due diligence ? Why wasn ’ t patient safety the foremost concern ? This is a cautionary tale with implication beyond the health care industry , and it ’ s necessary viewing .
 Also arriving : “ Angela ’ s Ashes ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Client ” ( March 1 ) , “ Courage Under Fire ” ( March 1 ) , “ Date Night ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Devil Wears Prada ” ( March 1 ) , “ Despicable Me ” ( March 1 ) , “ Drugstore Cowboy ” ( March 1 ) , “ Green Zone ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Grudge ” ( March 1 ) , “ Love & Other Drugs ” ( March 1 ) , “ Paper Heart ” ( March 1 ) , “ Taps ” ( March 1 ) , “ Weekend at Bernie ’ s ” ( March 1 ) , “ Jurassic World : Fallen Kingdom ” ( March 9 ) , “ The Case Against Adnan Syed ” ( March 10 ) , “ One Nation Under Stress ” ( March 25 ) , “ Mamma Mia ! Here We Go Again ” ( March 30 ) , “ Barry ” Season 2 Premiere ( March 31 ) and “ Veep ” Season 7 Premiere ( March 31 ) .
 [ Sign up for our “ Game of Thrones ” newsletter for a rewatch guide for the first seven season . ]
 ‘ Shrill ’ Season 1Starts streaming : March 15
 “ Hello , I ’ m Fat , ” writes the plus-size protagonist Annie in the headline of her online essay for a fictional Portland newspaper . Played with one-of-a-kind warmth by Aidy Bryant , Annie is a woman who ha always felt compelled to apologize for her overweight existence , responding to casual body shaming with timid smile and promise to do better . It ’ s a delight to watch a she come to realize that life doesn ’ t have to be that way — anyone who wish “ Dietland ” were still around should try this .
 Also arriving : “ American Beauty ” ( March 1 ) , “ Batman Begins ” ( March 1 ) , “ Bruce Almighty ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Chumscrubber ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Cider House Rules ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Crying Game ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Dark Knight ” ( March 1 ) , “ Easy Rider ” ( March 1 ) , “ Edward Scissorhands ” ( March 1 ) , “ The French Lieutenant ’ s Woman ” ( March 1 ) , “ He Named Me Malala ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Ice Storm ” ( March 1 ) , “ Ironweed ” ( March 1 ) , “ JFK ” ( March 1 ) , “ Nacho Libre ” ( March 1 ) , “ Office Space ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Piano ” ( March 1 ) , “ The Pope of Greenwich Village ” ( March 1 ) , “ River ’ s Edge ” ( March 1 ) , “ Saved ! ” ( March 1 ) , “ Toys ” ( March 1 ) , “ Witness ” ( March 1 ) , “ Suburbia ” ( March 7 ) , “ Shoplifters ” ( March 14 ) , “ Like Water for Chocolate ” ( March 15 ) , “ Wings of the Dove ” ( March 15 ) , “ Assassination Nation ” ( March 18 ) and “ Girl Most Likely ” ( March 20 ) .
 A picture with an earlier version of this article wa published in error . The image wa from the movie “ Hanna , ” starring Saoirse Ronan , not “ Hanna , ” the Amazon series starring Esme Creed-Miles , which is new to streaming in March .
 An earlier version of this article included “ Patriot Act With Hasan Minhaj ” Volume 2 in error . It premiered in February .
 An earlier version of this article misidentified Elizabeth Holmes a Elizabeth Theranos .
 An earlier version of this article misstated the premiere date of “ Shrill. ” It is March 15 , not March 8 .
 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 By Julie Hirschfeld Davis
 WASHINGTON — Ebullient Democrats assumed control of the House on Thursday and elected Representative Nancy Pelosi of California speaker , returning her to a historic distinction a the first woman to hold the post . They then moved to defy President Trump and passed bill that would open government agency shuttered by an impasse over his insistence on funding for a border wall . Both measure are almost certain to die in the Senate .
 On the first day of divided government in a reordered Washington , Ms. Pelosi , now second in line to the presidency , and Mr. Trump clashed from their respective end of Pennsylvania Avenue almost from dawn until dusk .
 The California Democrat began her day by suggesting that a sitting president could be indicted . Late in the day , Mr. Trump made an attention-getting appearance in the White House briefing room with a belligerent demand for a wall on the border with Mexico , drawing a rebuke from the newly installed House speaker , who said she would give no more than a dollar to fund what she branded “ an immorality . ”
 In between , a the start of the new House showcased a younger and more diverse majority in the staid corridor of the Capitol , Ms. Pelosi pledged to run a “ unifying ” Congress that would bridge partisan divide and heal rift in a polarized country .
 “ Our nation is at a historic moment , ” she declared . “ I pledge that this Congress will be transparent , bipartisan and unifying , that we will seek to reach across the aisle in this country , and across division across our nation . ”
 In ascending to the speakership , Ms. Pelosi find herself at the fulcrum of a bitterly divided body politic , poised to do battle with and demand accountability from an increasingly combative Mr. Trump in way that the Republican Congress of the past two year refused to . With Mr. Trump , his presidential campaign and his business all under federal and state investigation , Ms. Pelosi ’ s approach to confronting him — both through investigation and legislation — will probably define the 116th Congress .
 She wasted no time in doing so on Thursday , hour after being sworn in . The late-night , nearly party-line vote on reopening the government began a pattern in an era of divided control , with a Democratic House passing legislation that ha no chance of being signed by the Republican president , and the Republican Senate running interference to protect Mr. Trump . The White House had also issued an official statement threatening a veto .
 “ Let ’ s not waste the time , ” said Senator Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader .
 Mr. Trump used his abrupt appearance in the White House briefing room — his first since taking office — to talk about the importance of the wall ; he wa flanked by border agent who echoed his message .
 The president congratulated Ms. Pelosi on her election and said he had high aspiration for the new Congress . But he turned immediately to making the case for a wall that Democrats have uniformly rejected , saying , “ Without a wall , you can not have border security. ” Mr. Trump also used social medium to press his message , posting on his Instagram account a photograph of his face with the text “ The Wall Is Coming , ” a take on an advertisement for the cable TV series “ Game of Thrones ” that bore the ominous slogan “ Winter Is Coming . ”
 As afternoon turned to evening and the vote to reopen the government approached , Ms. Pelosi told reporter sarcastically , in response to a question , that she would give him $ 1 — but only that — for the wall .
 The congressional freshman class of 2019 includes the most racially diverse and most female group of representative ever elected to the House .
 “ We ’ re not doing a wall , ” Ms. Pelosi said sternly outside the House chamber . “ Does anybody have any doubt that we ’ re not doing a wall ? So that ’ s that . ”
 That capped a day that began with a warning shot to Mr. Trump , suggesting that a sitting president could be indicted .
 “ I think that is an open discussion in term of the law , ” Ms. Pelosi said in an interview on NBC .
 In a statement that served a a two-pronged warning , both to her left flank and to the president , she said that the House would not move quickly to impeach Mr. Trump , but would not shy away from doing so if it were warranted .
 “ We have to wait and see what happens with the Mueller report , ” Ms. Pelosi said , referring to the special counsel , Robert S. Mueller III , who is investigating Russia ’ s interference in the 2016 election . “ We shouldn ’ t be impeaching for a political reason , and we shouldn ’ t avoid impeachment for a political reason . So we ’ ll just have to see how it come . ”
 [ Read here for all of the day ’ s event . ]
 By early afternoon , partisan politics were put aside , if only briefly , for a transition of power from Republicans to Democrats , a a majority of lawmaker rose in turn from their seat on the House floor to utter Ms. Pelosi ’ s name and formally award her the gavel she gave up in 2011 .
 Ms. Pelosi ascended to the marble dais in the center of the House chamber with Representative Kevin McCarthy of California , the incoming Republican leader , who handed her the wooden gavel .
 “ To the speaker of the House , Ms. Pelosi , ” he said , “ I extend to you the gavel. ” The room erupted into applause a she held it aloft .
 Moments later , with a “ Come on , kid ! ” Ms. Pelosi invited the child and grandchild of representative on the floor of the House to surround her a she took the oath of office , becoming the first person since Representative Sam Rayburn more than 60 year ago to reclaim the speakership after losing it .
 “ I now call the House to order on behalf of all of America ’ s child , ” Ms. Pelosi said after she wa sworn in .
 But even in it pledge of unity and a new bipartisan spirit , Ms. Pelosi managed some subtle swipe at the president and his party . At one point while discussing immigration , she quoted President Ronald Reagan .
 “ He said , ‘ If we ever close the door to new Americans , our leadership role in the world will soon be lost , ’ ” Ms. Pelosi said , drawing a standing ovation from Democrats in the well of the House , but grim-faced silence from most of those seated on the Republican side .
 “ You don ’ t applaud for Ronald Reagan ? ” she scoffed .
 The scene wa strikingly different on the other side of the chamber , where some Democrats wore the traditional clothing of their community — a Palestinian thobe , a Muslim hijab or head scarf , a Pueblo dress . It wa a visual change in a chamber that ha for century been overwhelmingly white and male .
 As promised , Democrats approved bill intended to reopen the government and to remake rule of the House . One of the spending bill would fund most shuttered department and agency through Sept. 30 and the other is a stopgap measure to restart the Department of Homeland Security for a few week .
 Earlier , they approved a suite of new rule that will set the tone for their majority , including a measure — opposed by liberal member — to require that any policy mandating new funding be accompanied with corresponding tax increase or spending cut . Another change would automatically raise the statutory limit on the national debt when the House approves a budget , avoiding politically difficult vote each time the ceiling is reached , which dogged Republicans and led to a series of fiscal cliffhanger during their year in the majority .
 Also included were revision to ensure that bipartisan proposal could be more easily considered , pushed by a bipartisan group of lawmaker billing themselves the Problem Solvers Caucus .
 Ms. Pelosi ’ s election wa not without dissent . Having spent more than 15 year at the helm of her party and been demonized by Republicans during the midterm congressional election a the face of far-left radicalism , Ms. Pelosi , 78 , spent the week after Democrats won putting down a rebellion over her leadership in Democratic rank and consolidating support through a combination of deal-cutting and cajoling .
 She suffered more than a dozen defection : the freshman representative Anthony Brindisi of New York , Jason Crow of Colorado , Joe Cunningham of South Carolina , Ben McAdams of Utah , Max Rose of New York , Mikie Sherrill of New Jersey , Elissa Slotkin of Michigan , Abigail Spanberger of Virginia , Jeff Van Drew of New Jersey and Jared Golden of Maine , a well a Representatives Jim Cooper of Tennessee , Ron Kind of Wisconsin , Conor Lamb of Pennsylvania , Kurt Schrader of Oregon and Kathleen Rice of New York .
 Many of the newly elected member had campaigned calling for change in Washington and for a new generation of leadership for their party , and had promised not to vote for Ms. Pelosi . As part of a final deal to shore up support , Ms. Pelosi agreed to limit her speakership to four year .
 But two of the ringleader of the squelched effort to depose Ms. Pelosi , Representatives Seth Moulton of Massachusetts and Tim Ryan of Ohio , ultimately voted for her .
 With her re-election , the biggest Republican super PAC — and the one that arguably tried the hardest in 2018 to link Democratic candidate to Ms. Pelosi — practically celebrated . “ Democratic candidate spent the last two year promising voter that they ’ d be different — they wouldn ’ t stand for the same old leadership and the same old way of doing business in Washington , ” the super PAC , the Congressional Leadership Fund , said in a statement . “ Yet with the very first chance they got , they broke their word and their bond with the voter who elected them . ”
 The National Republican Congressional Committee , the party ’ s House campaign arm , wasted no time in targeting Democrats in competitive district who voted for Ms. Pelosi , sending voter in their district text immediately after the vote , saying that their representative “ are once again ignoring your voice . ”
 “ Fight back NOW ! ” the text read .
 The swift political broadside drew condemnation from Ms. Pelosi ’ s team .
 “ They threw everything but the kitchen sink at Nancy Pelosi , and her strategy powered by her fund-raising turned 43 red seat blue , ” said Drew Hammill , her spokesman . “ They wasted ten of million failing from coast to coast in a tired strategy that did nothing to save their majority . ”
 But amid that partisan acrimony , the spirit of a new generation of Democrats wa in evidence in the well of the House . Several lawmaker bounced or rocked infant a they cast their vote for speaker , while Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York , at 29 the youngest person to be elected to the House , made a heart sign with her hand at loved one in the gallery above . Representative Rashida Tlaib , Democrat of Michigan , voted for Ms. Pelosi for the “ future of our child , ” she said , while her own two child dabbed beside her .
 Emily Cochrane contributed reporting .
 Get politics and Washington news update via Facebook , Twitter and the Morning Briefing newsletter .




 Advertisement
 Advertisement
 Supported by
 Good Thursday morning . ( Was this email forwarded to you ? Sign up here . )
 Facebook plan to start shifting people toward private messaging and away from the public broadcasting on which it business ha been built , Mike Isaac of the NYT report :
 • Mark Zuckerberg said yesterday that the company “ would focus on private and encrypted communication , in which user message mostly smaller group of people they know . ”
 • “ Unlike publicly shared post that are kept a user ’ permanent record , the communication could also be deleted after a certain period of time . ”
 • “ He said Facebook would achieve the shift partly by integrating Instagram , WhatsApp and Messenger so that user worldwide could easily message one another across the network . ”
 • That , Mr. Zuckerberg said , would make Facebook a “ living room , ” rather than a “ town square . ”
 Facebook ’ s declining public perception , fueled by fake news and data privacy scandal , is driving the shift . “ Frankly we don ’ t currently have a strong reputation for building privacy protective service , ” Mr. Zuckerberg said . To grow , and roll out new technology like it reported cryptocurrency , the company need to regain trust .
 But plenty of question remain :
 • What ’ s the business model ? Most of the company ’ s current profit come from openly sharing content and displaying targeted ad , which doesn ’ t fit with the privacy push . Mr. Zuckerberg argued that there were “ all kind of different commerce opportunity ” available in a shift to privacy , but didn ’ t elaborate .
 • Should it platform be integrated ? It ’ s not clear that user want Instagram , WhatsApp and Messenger to be combined . And Facebook could find itself facing allegation of anti-competitive behavior by tying them together .
 • When will it happen ? Mr. Zuckerberg had promised to improve Facebook ’ s privacy in the past and then wa painfully slow to act . ( A “ Clear History ” tool announced last year still hasn ’ t arrived . )
 ____________________________
 Today ’ s DealBook Briefing wa written by Andrew Ross Sorkin in New York , and Michael J. de la Merced and Jamie Condliffe in London .
 ____________________________
 Huawei sued the U.S. government yesterday over a ban on government agency using the Chinese telecom giant ’ s product because they could violate American national security .
 The U.S. say Huawei product are a security threat , and could be used by Chinese authority to spy on telecom network — though it ha yet to produce supporting evidence . Washington ha pushed wireless carrier to avoid using the company ’ s equipment , and urged other country to follow suit .
 The lawsuit will force Washington to show it hand . “ The U.S. Congress ha repeatedly failed to produce any evidence to support it restriction on Huawei product , ” Guo Ping , Huawei ’ s rotating chairman , said in a statement .
 Huawei also claim it ’ s being unfairly singled out in an unconstitutional bill of attainder — where legislation single out a person or entity for punishment without trial . Mr. Guo said that Congress wa acting a “ judge , jury and executioner . ”
 But the strategy is risky . Its business practice and relationship with Beijing will be put under the microscope . And legal expert say the lawsuit on it own is unlikely to succeed : The Russian cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab lost a similar lawsuit two year ago .
 Federal regulator plan to roll back regulation on the country ’ s largest bank and financial firm , making it easier for them to gain approval to raise dividend or buy back their share .
 The Fed will reboot it “ stress test ” that bank undergo each year . In particular , the Fed won ’ t give “ pas ” or “ fail ” grade for the portion of the test that measure bank ’ ability to keep lending during an economic crisis .
 Big non-bank firm will also get an easier ride . A federal oversight panel will scrap the “ systemically important financial institution ” designation , which subject non-bank firm like insurer and asset manager to intrusive oversight . ( It ’ s largely symbolic : Only four firm had been labeled systemically important and all have successfully argued to shed that status . )
 This is part of the Trump administration ’ s effort to relax financial regulation imposed in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis . Officials have sided with the banking industry in arguing that Obama-era rule stifled lender ’ ability to make loan and continue to grow .
 But critic say it ’ s risky , and could lead to a le safe , le transparent financial system . Dennis Kelleher of Better Markets , a financial industry watchdog , told the NYT , “ The market are not going to have the full picture . ”
 President Trump ’ s aggressive fight over trade are driven by a desire to narrow America ’ s trade deficit , which he see a a sign of partner taking advantage of the U.S . But the gap between import and export ha actually widened , leaving the U.S. with a record trade deficit of $ 891.3 billion , Jim Tankersley and Ana Swanson of the NYT write :
 • “ The increase wa driven by some factor outside Mr. Trump ’ s control , like a global economic slowdown and the relative strength of the United States dollar , both of which weakened overseas demand for American good . ”
 • “ But the widening gap wa also exacerbated by Mr. Trump ’ s $ 1.5 trillion tax cut , ” they add , “ and the trade war he escalated last year . ”
 • “ Economists have long warned that Mr. Trump ’ s tax cut would ultimately exacerbate a trade deficit he ha vowed to reduce , a Americans , flush with extra cash , bought more imported good . ”
 • “ By his own metric , the president is failing to right America ’ s global trading relationship . ”
 But economist aren ’ t panicking . “ I ’ d rather live in a country that capital is trying to get into , rather than get out of , ” Larry Summers , who led the National Economic Council under President Barack Obama , told the NYT . “ The reason we have a trade deficit is people are investing in America . ”
 Officials in Brussels have reportedly asked Prime Minister Theresa May to offer new proposal that would convince British lawmaker to back her Brexit deal within the next 48 hour , the BBC report .
 “ E.U . official said they would work nonstop over the weekend if ‘ acceptable ’ idea were received by Friday to break the deadlock ” over issue tied to the Irish border , which have been the main sticking point , according to the broadcaster .
 But the U.K. ha said it already put up “ reasonable ” proposal to satisfy lawmaker ’ s concern about being tied to E.U . rule . ( That said , Mrs. May ha reportedly outlined step “ to develop technology to keep the Irish border open after Brexit ” in the event of no deal , Bloomberg report . )
 Unsurprisingly , the E.U . is pessimistic . “ There ’ s increasing concern on the European side that any concession the bloc would be prepared to give wouldn ’ t be sufficient to win a majority in the House of Commons , ” according to Bloomberg , citing unidentified source .
 More : Toyota say it might stop manufacturing car in Britain in the event of a no-deal Brexit . And the O.E.C.D . ha warned that a no-deal departure could cause a recession in the country .
 The Financial Stability Board will examine whether the $ 1.4 billion market for leveraged loan — those made to company with low credit rating or high debt load — pose a risk to the global market , Sam Fleming of the FT report .
 • The F.S.B . will focus on collateralized loan obligation , which are bundle of leveraged loan that are sold off in tranche . The regulator “ want to identify the holder of C.L.O.s around the world and ass the risk that investor could pull money from exposed institution during a severe downturn , ” the FT writes .
 • Investors in C.L.O.s include bank , investment fund and insurer .
 • Randy Quarles , the chairman of the F.S.B. , told the FT , “ From a financial stability risk [ point of view ] we need to know more about that than we do , and we have set up a process at the F.S.B . to understand that . ”
 • “ Companies have been amassing cheap loan thanks to low interest rate and loosening lending standard , and in the U.S. nonfinancial corporate debt is now a higher share of gross domestic product than before the crisis , ” Mr. Fleming writes .
 AT & T is rushing to overhaul HBO , and the rest of what wa Time Warner , to fight back against Netflix . But Bloomberg Businessweek ha taken a look at how the “ Game of Thrones ” network and it parent company missed opportunity to dominate the streaming war in the past :
 • In 1999 , HBO ’ s chief information officer , Michael Gabriel , asked Jeff Bewkes , then the network ’ s C.E.O. , how he wanted to reckon with the internet . “ Bewkes wanted HBO to be all in on the internet when the time wa right , Gabriel say , but he didn ’ t want to spend too much money or be premature , ” Businessweek report .
 • In 2007 , “ An idea spread through HBO : What if Time Warner bought Netflix ? It would be the perfect marriage of art and science and give Time Warner enormous leverage over the downstream market for TV show and movie . The concept made it way up the chain of command , where it wa duly slain . ”
 • “ In a December 2010 New York Times interview , Bewkes , who by then wa overseeing all of Time Warner a C.E.O. , weighed in on his competitor . ‘ It ’ s a little bit like , Is the Albanian army going to take over the world ? ’ he said . ‘ I don ’ t think so . ’ ”
 • In the spring of 2014 , HBO licensed it older show to Amazon ’ s streaming service , giving the network fat fee . But , Businessweek report , HBO ’ s in-house streaming team wa upset at the arrangement . “ Training people to go to Amazon Prime Video to watch classic HBO show , they worried , could undermine the appeal of HBO ’ s own internet offering . ”
 • “ HBO still doesn ’ t have much control over a key aspect of the direct-to-consumer streaming experience — the consumer . ”
 Mike Turner will resign a a director of Barclays .
 The law firm Sullivan & Cromwell ha hired James Bromley from Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton a a partner and co-head of it global restructuring group .
 Anne Dinning rejoined D.E . Shaw a a member of the hedge fund ’ s executive committee .
 Slate hired Jared Hohlt from New York magazine a it new editor in chief , succeeding Julia Turner .
 Deals
 • Aon won ’ t make a takeover bid for a rival insurance broker , Willis Towers Watson . ( FT )
 • Sprint and T-Mobile have reportedly won the backing of the White House for their proposed merger , but have yet to win over the Justice Department or the F.C.C . ( Fox Business )
 • Blackstone is reportedly close to raising $ 20 billion for it next big private equity fund . ( Bloomberg )
 • Mario Batali ha sold his stake in his restaurant empire to his business partner . ( NYT )
 Politics and policy
 • Michael Cohen is said to have given the House Intelligence Committee evidence that show President Trump ’ s lawyer made change to a knowingly false written statement given to Congress . ( NYT )
 • A House committee voted to advance a bill that would raise the federal minimum wage to $ 15 by 2024 . ( Axios )
 • Senator Chris Van Hollen , Democrat of Maryland , say he ’ s writing legislation that could prevent corporate insider from selling share within a certain time period after their company announce a stock buyback . ( CNBC )
 Tech
 • Congressional Democrats announced bill that would reinstate net neutrality rule . ( Verge )
 • Facebook might be backing away from it plan to expand into China . ( BuzzFeed News )
 • Just how likely to succeed is Tesla ’ s new online-only sale strategy ? Also : The automaker is facing backlash in China from customer who won ’ t receive refund to make up for new price cut . ( NYT , WSJ )
 • Amazon is closing it pop-up store in the U.S. , though it still ha ambitious plan for physical retail . ( NYT )
 Best of the rest
 • Meet Haven , the health care joint venture of Amazon , Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase . ( NYT )
 • The Fed say that the government shutdown slowed economic activity in some region . ( WSJ )
 • Carlos Ghosn is out of jail . What happens now ? ( NYT )
 • A ranking of the most visible brand in the U.S. placed the government bottom . ( Axios )
 Thanks for reading ! We ’ ll see you tomorrow .
 You can find live update throughout the day at nytimes.com/dealbook .
 We ’ d love your feedback . Please email thought and suggestion to business @ nytimes.com .
 Advertisement
 James changed the literary landscape with her blockbuster erotica trilogy , “ Fifty Shades of Grey. ” Now she is trying something ( sort of ) new .
 James ha gone from being an anonymous writer posting fantasy online , to running her own small empire of kink.CreditCreditAna Cuba for The New York Times
 Supported by
 By Alexandra Alter
 LONDON — E L James doe not like speaking to journalist , who often want to know deeply personal thing , like how much money she make and whether she ha a sex dungeon in her basement .
 Her aversion to publicity can be inconvenient , and somewhat impractical . As one of the world ’ s most famous and in-demand author , she must occasionally submit to public interrogation , particularly when she ha a new book to promote . But she ’ s not happy about it .
 “ She hate it , ” her agent , Valerie Hoskins , tell me ominously on the phone a week before James and I meet .
 Normally , this sort of stance — a notch more hostile than a celebrity ’ s typical ambivalence toward nosy reporter — would make for an uncomfortable interview . But when James greets me at her bright , airy home in Ealing , a placid suburban borough in west London where she life with her husband , the writer Niall Leonard , and their two Westies , she doesn ’ t seem remotely ill at ease , at least not outwardly .
 She suggests we sit in her enormous , spotless kitchen overlooking the garden for coffee and croissant before we move to her office to talk about her new romance novel , “ The Mister , ” and suggests the pastry will be better with apricot jam . She talk about her son , age 22 and 24 , and TV show she ’ s obsessed with ( “ Game of Thrones ” and “ Stranger Things ” ) . She lament her lack of hobby after I ask her what she doe in her spare time , when she ’ s not writing or running the elaborate business of being E L James . She can ’ t think of anything she doe for fun .
 “ I need to get a hobby , ” she say . “ Writing used to be my hobby . ”
 Over the past eight year , that hobby ha morphed into a billion-dollar entertainment franchise , and James ha gone from being an anonymous writer posting lusty fantasy online , to an erotica industry mogul who ’ s running her own small empire of kink .
 When James first released “ Fifty Shades of Grey ” through a small Australian press in 2011 , she hoped to sell a few thousand copy and prevent online copycat from stealing her work . Instead , her erotic trilogy went on to sell more than 150 million copy worldwide , and wa translated into roughly 50 language , including Arabic and Mongolian . The series wa adapted into a feature film series that grossed more than $ 1 billion globally , which James co-produced . It helped popularize niche sexual fetish involving bondage and anal plug , bringing them from the fringe into the mainstream .
 “ It ’ s still a bit of a shock to me , ” say James , who come across in person a funny , casually profane and surprisingly unguarded . “ I ’ ve been looking at it going , what the hell happened ? ”
 Overseeing a wildly successful multimedia franchise left little time for James ’ s one-time hobby , writing . On top of that , James , who is 56 , faced impossible expectation set by her blockbuster debut , a ravenous fan kept clamoring for more sequel . Inevitably , many of her reader will be disappointed by any story that doesn ’ t involve the dominant-submissive relationship between the sadomasochistic billionaire Christian Grey and his demure conquest Anastasia Steele , who becomes his willing sexual servant .
 So it ’ s taken her a while to write something new .
 “ I ’ m incredibly nervous about it , ” she say . “ There are other story I want to tell . I ’ ve been with these two for so long . ”
 With “ The Mister , ” her first new work of original fiction since she became an international phenomenon , James hope to inaugurate a new phase of her career . Her latest work is a tame ( by comparison ) love story set mostly in contemporary London and Cornwall , featuring a wealthy British aristocrat who fall for his house cleaner , a beautiful , mysterious young woman who fled Albania . In Hollywood pitch term , it ’ s like a porny mash-up of “ Cinderella ” and “ Downton Abbey . ”
 James traveled to Albania twice to research the novel , and collected a small library of book about the country , including an Albanian dictionary , a guide to Albanian social code and law , and a book about Albanian organized crime . Her husband , who ’ s the household cook , learned to make traditional Albanian stew .
 It wa quite a change from the research she did for “ Fifty Shades , ” which involved lurking in some of the darker corner of the internet , scrolling through website devoted to sexual bondage technique and accessory .
 For fan who are expecting another story involving gag , whip and safe word , “ The Mister ” may come a a let down . The sex scene are explicit and extensive , but are not nearly a transgressive and boundary-pushing a “ Fifty Shades . ”
 But James had other narrative objective beyond titillation . Beneath the frothy fantasy , “ The Mister ” deal with unexpectedly weighty topic like economic inequality , the plight of undocumented worker , the oppression of woman in conservative society and the way social institution and government elevate the wealthy and powerful and exploit the vulnerable .
 Those theme feel particularly relevant in Britain these day , a the country ’ s contortion over Brexit have exposed ugly division over race , class and British identity . James ha become preoccupied with these issue lately , particularly since she ha fallen unexpectedly into wealth , and seen firsthand how society is weighted in favor of the rich .
 “ It ’ s important for me to put some of this in , ” she said . “ As an incredibly wealthy person , you keep the money . ”
 James is a passionate Remainer who want Britain to stay within the European Union , a position she broadcast unabashedly on social medium even though she know she risk alienating some fan . The issue ha come up repeatedly in interview she ’ s given about “ The Mister , ” including with French and Norwegian medium outlet .
 She ’ s anticipating a backlash , in part because we live in such polarizing time , but also because she ’ s come to expect scrutiny of everything she doe .
 “ Being a successful , middle-aged , overweight woman , people are so angry that you ’ re stepping out of line , ” she said . “ Sometimes it really get me down . ”
 Before her name became synonymous with super-hardcore bondage erotica , James , whose real name is Erika Mitchell , worked for several decade in television , a a production executive at the BBC and other company . She grew up in Buckinghamshire , where her father worked a a cameraman for the BBC and her mother , who emigrated from Chile , worked a a sale representative . She studied history at the University of Kent , then got a job at the National Film and Television School . She and Leonard , a screenwriter and novelist , met there , and married in 1987 .
 Romance wa always her escape . To entertain herself on her daily commute to work , she read everything from steamy historical romance involving lascivious duke and earl to lesbian bondage fiction .
 Then she discovered “ Twilight , ” Stephenie Meyer ’ s chaste teen vampire romance . Like so many other “ Twi-hards , ” James started writing her own explicit take on the story , and published it online , under the name Snowqueens Icedragon . For reason that are still baffling to James , her work went viral .
 She changed the character ’ name to avoid copyright infringement , and in 2011 a small Australian publishing house agreed to publish it .
 Within a year , James wa engulfed by a frenzy that she call “ the great madness . ”
 Big publishing house and film studio began courting her . One publisher wanted to change the novel ’ s cover to feature a bare-chested man . Another said it took too long to get to the sex .
 Anne Messitte , the publisher of Vintage and Anchor Books , won James over when she said the novel should be stocked at the front of bookstore , not buried in the erotica section . Vintage constructed a complex deal , which transferred publishing right from the Australian publisher , while simultaneously buying the underlying right from James . The company paid a seven-figure sum for the trilogy , and ordered a 750,000-copy first print run . Universal Pictures bought the film right for a reported $ 5 million , outmanuevering several other studio that were offering multimillion-dollar deal .
 The book sold so quickly in Britain that the printer ran out of silver ink for the iconic black and metallic gray cover , which James designed herself . In the United States , Vintage printed more than a million copy a week to meet demand , overwhelming it paper supplier . “ We couldn ’ t get enough paper , ” Messitte said . “ It felt somewhat surreal . ”
 At book signing , fan wept , which in turn made James cry ( her publicist always carry box of tissue on tour ) . In Portland , Ore. , a local TV news crew chased her car through the street .
 James wa bewildered by her overnight success . From the beginning , she told her agent she didn ’ t want to be famous .
 “ I said , it ’ s not my fault , you wrote the bloody book , not me , ” her agent , Hoskins , recalled .
 The series altered the literary landscape , paving the way for more boundary-pushing erotica , and changed the way that major retailer and entertainment company catered to female desire . Sales of sex toy surged . Target began selling “ Fifty Shades ” lubricant , vibrating ring and blindfold .
 James became a taboo-breaking evangelist for certain kind of sexual fantasy that woman were often silent about , or ashamed of .
 “ It wa not just her tapping into something , she commercialized it , ” said Anne Jamison , an associate professor of English at the University of Utah , who study fan fiction .
 James struck licensing agreement for everything from “ Fifty Shades ” -branded wine and lingerie to flogger , vibrator and handcuff , and oversaw the development of many of these item herself . Perhaps most incongruously , she even licensed a “ Fifty Shades ” teddy bear , who come with mini handcuff and a blindfold .
 “ We set about trademarking thing just to stop people from making them , ” she tell me in her office , which is festooned with “ Fifty Shades ” paraphernalia — poster-sized image of the cover , a toy helicopter modeled after Christian Grey ’ s , one of the infamous teddy bear . “ You don ’ t want someone to do it badly . ”
 James want to show me some nipple clamp she helped design in collaboration with the sex-toy maker Lovehoney , a British company that produced a line of Fifty Shades-themed erotic accessory . Lovehoney had first proposed some heavy , industrial-looking clamp , which James rejected .
 “ They looked like they could jump start Frankenstein , ” James say . She asked the company to “ make them pretty , ” and the next iteration satisfied her .
 James call to her assistant in the adjacent room , who brings u the delicate rose-gold clamp .
 “ Do not ask me to demonstrate , ” she say dryly a she hand them to James .
 Around half past noon , a car arrives to drive James to a photo shoot at a hotel in Kensington , for an upcoming feature in You , a magazine for The Mail on Sunday . In the car , James offer an unsolicited critique of the first “ Fifty Shades ” film , which she felt failed to capture the allure of the novel . Her agent , who ’ s been an otherwise unobtrusive chaperone , gently interjects and suggests she move on to another topic .
 On the sidewalk in front of the hotel , Charlotte Bush , the director of publicity for Arrow , James ’ s British publishing house , greets James effusively and show off her manicured nail , which she had painted hot pink to match the lettering on the cover of “ The Mister . ”
 “ The talent is here ! ” Bush call out a she guide James to a makeshift dressing room , where hairstylist and makeup artist spring into action and begin ministering to her .
 “ All this fuss , it ’ s lovely , ” James say . “ I ’ m sort of a minimal fuss kind of person . ”
 “ That ’ s because you ’ re a writer , ” the makeup artist responds .
 James sifts through a rack of evening gown that the stylist brought for her to choose from . She dismisses one a “ very matronly. ” Another is “ very kaftan-y , ” another “ too print-y . ”
 James examines another glittery gown : “ That look a bit too… ”
 “ Sequin-y , ” one of the stylist concludes .
 In the end , James chooses a dress of her own that she brought from home , a long blue gown with a deep V-neck , which she bought for one of the “ Fifty Shades ” movie premiere .
 As the frenzied makeover continues , Bush , James ’ s publicist , want to discus some potential viral marketing stunt to promote “ The Mister. ” One of her idea , which wa quickly discarded , wa to beam a pink light from a lighthouse in Cornwall , a coastal county where some of the steamiest scene of the novel take place . But “ the lighthouse people ” objected , since a hot pink lighthouse could pose a hazard to ship , Bush say .
 James agrees it isn ’ t worth causing a nautical disaster .
 “ The lighthouse idea is very sweet , but not if it endangers life , ” James say .
 The publicist ’ s next suggestion is le perilous . She proposes hiring a pianist to play in the middle of Sloane Square , since the novel ’ s heroine is a piano prodigy . James love the idea .
 “ A female pianist then ? ” Bush asks .
 “ Definitely , ” James reply .
 “ I ’ m on it , ” Bush say , pecking at her phone .
 James gently suggests that she make sure the piano is tuned .
 After the photo shoot , James sip a Negroni at the hotel bar , blissfully anonymous . She rarely get recognized by stranger , and joke that she want to start a spy agency staffed by middle-aged woman .
 “ You can go absolutely anywhere , you ’ re invisible , ” she say .
 She worry that the coming publicity blitz for “ The Mister ” will leave her too exposed . Not long ago , a fan approached her in public , which she took a a bad sign .
 “ It happened the other day and I thought , I ’ ve been doing too much telly , ” she said earlier , using an expletive .
 It ’ s unclear how James ’ s reader will respond to “ The Mister , ” and whether their devotion to the author transcends their love of Christian Grey and a bottomless appetite for more of the same story . Other mega-best-selling author , including Stephenie Meyer and J.K. Rowling , have switched genre and rebranded themselves after ending their successful fantasy franchise , and have retained just a fraction of their audience .
 James seems to have nearly exhausted her own appetite for “ Fifty Shades. ” She ’ s written a paranormal romance — a ghost story set in contemporary London — which she hope to publish , and is contemplating a sequel to “ The Mister . ”
 “ There ’ s so many idea and everyone ’ s like , oh , go back to what you ’ ve been doing for the last 10 year , ” she say .
 But reader have taken matter into their own hand , ensuring the story will continue , whether James writes it or not . On website like fanfiction.net and Wattpad , amateur writer have posted ten of thousand of story based on “ Fifty Shades. ” James say she doesn ’ t read them , but she acknowledges that it ’ s only fitting for fan to take over .
 “ Those character feel like they belong to everyone now , ” she say . “ This wa born of fandom . ”
 Alexandra Alter writes about publishing and the literary world . Before joining The Times in 2014 , she covered book and culture for The Wall Street Journal . Prior to that , she reported on religion , and the occasional hurricane , for The Miami Herald . @ xanalter
 @ xanalter
 Advertisement
 By THE NEW YORK TIMES JAN. 10 , 2019

 “ It ’ s good to be in something from the ground floor . I came too late for that , I know . But lately , I ’ m getting the feeling that I came in at the end. ” —Tony Soprano
 You ’ re wrong about that one , Tony . It may be that no TV show doe anything entirely new — change always build on change . But “ The Sopranos ” wa a clear a marker of the beginning of an era ( even if I hate the term “ Golden Age ” ) a anything in TV .
 Before “ The Sopranos , ” yes , TV drama could take risk ( “ Twin Peaks ” ) and tell story about difficult people ( “ NYPD Blue ” ) . But after the duck landed in Tony ’ s backyard pool in January 1999 , an immense flock followed . TV series , we saw , could rely on audience to pay close attention to a long-running story . They could have high visual and narrative ambition . They could resist quick answer ( or any answer , in the case of the Russian from “ Pine Barrens ” ) and tidy moral conclusion .
 If “ The Sopranos , ” which debuted 20 year ago this week , built the ground floor , this list look at what TV erected on top of it . These are the 20 best drama series to emerge since “ The Sopranos , ” arranged in chronological order .
 For the sake of focus and sanity , Mike Hale , Margaret Lyons and I limited our debate to American series TV drama . What is American ? ( Shows made specifically for the United States TV market rather than acquired . ) What is a series ? ( Shows that were meant to continue more than one season . ) What is TV ? ( What isn ’ t , these day ? Anything broadcast , cable or streaming wa fair game . )
 Oh , yeah : What is “ best ” ? It ’ s not “ most influential ” ( sometimes great art is inimitable ) or “ most widely praised ” ( a cop-out ) . Here , it ’ s the subjective , rough consensus of three human , each with different taste and priority , after argument and bargaining . It ain ’ t science . The final judgment , while hopefully well-informed , is no more inherently right than yours .
 The trickiest question , though , wa , What is a drama ? Episode length isn ’ t an absolute guide , and award nomination are no help . ( “ Orange Is the New Black , ” say , ha been Emmy nominated a both comedy and drama . )
 I ’ d like to say we came up with some bulletproof formula — length plus tear divided by joke — but truth is , we went by feel . “ Transparent , ” by our light , is clearly a drama , award submission notwithstanding ; “ 30 Rock ” is plainly not . The nebulous in-between zone is where some of the best TV is being made now , and that ’ s where some of our later pick come from ( like “ Atlanta , ” which can be TV ’ s best drama or it best comedy any given week ) .
 If our resulting list stretch the definition of drama , good : “ The Sopranos ” certainly did . ( It wa the funniest show on TV most week it wa on . ) You ’ d swap out some show here and there . ( So would we , individually , and we wrote about some of our near-misses too . ) But step back , and I think this list broadly tell the story of what American TV drama ha become over two decade .
 Looking at this period historically , or geologically , I see three somewhat overlapping sub-eras . Concurrent with “ The Sopranos , ” a set of drama took TV staple ( the cop show , the western , the sci-fi saga ) , roughed them up and problematized them . Next , starting around “ Mad Men ” ( from “ Sopranos ” alum Matthew Weiner ) , drama ventured into more varied subject matter ( and a greater variety of outlet ) .
 Finally — the period we ’ re still in now — came the Great Diversification , not just of character ( Tony ’ s early follower were a lot of middle-aged white guy with agita ) but format , style , voice and tone .
 What come next ? We were conscious ( and maybe a little surprised ) that only one streaming-TV series made this list . I ’ ve theorized before that just like in the early day of TV , comedy is more easily adaptable to new platform , whereas drama is still figuring out how to mesh episodic TV with the endlessness of the binge . Very likely the next version of this list ( which you ’ ll read in 10 or 20 year on your corneal implant ) will reflect how the next wave of drama evolved to master that format , and maybe others .
 “ The Sopranos , ” we all remember , ended with a cut to black . The genre that followed , though , take it cue from the lyric of Tony ’ s final jukebox selection , “ Don ’ t Stop Believin ’ ” : It go on and on and on and on .
 James Poniewozik
 1999-2006
 Because they say joy cometh in the morning .
 “ The West Wing ” is one of the great love of my life , a show I obsessed over before I became a TV critic , and maybe one of the reason I did . I love Toby . I love Leo . I love Marion Coatsworth Hay . I love the little rocket ship gesture . This mean something good ha happened .
 People complain that it ’ s a smug fantasy . But I love a fantasy where everyone is smart , no one want a forever war and integrity exists . I love a fantasy where character have such a strong sense of purpose it rub off on you just from watching them . My fantasy is that people are trustworthy , and that when they let me down , they notice and they ’ re sorry . Let ’ s all fantasize about having ethic — wouldn ’ t that be such a wild world ? Keep your swords-and-magic epic . I ’ ve got the Bartlet administration to dream about .
 There are two “ West Wing ” s : Aaron Sorkin created and guided it for four season , and John Wells picked up and ran with it for three more . They both have their strength . Sorkin ’ s ha his signature aspirational patter dialogue , obsession with minutia and operatic sense of hope . Wells ’ s contains his momentum and narrative heft .
 The best part of “ The West Wing ” is that everything matter . Not just the decision being made here on a genuinely global scale , but small stuff . Lying to a therapist , remembering date correctly , the clink of an ice cube dropped from just the right height . Too much alliteration can cause genuine spiritual pain . One line in a budget bill can derail a whole career .
 That ’ s a fantasy too , I guess : a fantasy about caring , a fantasy that any one of u is important , not just the president , and not just the people who work for him . A census matter , a high school English teacher matter , the citizen of an imaginary country matter , a guy trying to pay for his daughter to go to college matter .
 The acting is extraordinary , the story surprisingly timeless . And that ’ s all great , and the music and the set and and and … But the beacon here is caring , because you ’ re my guy , and I ’ m yours , and there ’ s nothing I wouldn ’ t do for you .
 Now , what ’ s next ?
 MARGARET LYONS
 Stream on Netflix .
 2002-2008
 Because it defined the modern antihero cop .
 “ The Shield ” ha a perfect pilot and a perfect finale . And everything in between is pretty great , too .
 Michael Chiklis star a Vic Mackey , a vicious dirty cop — racist , sexist , violent , conceited and he never met a civil right he wasn ’ t interested in violating . Shawn Ryan didn ’ t invent the morally bankrupt cop archetype , certainly , but he managed to reinvent him in the modern antihero image , in way that were often surprising not only in their depravity but in how they defined the narrative curve of the show . Vic kill a fellow cop right in the pilot , a clear an announcement a you ’ ll ever see on television of what a show plan to do and be .
 “ The Shield ” belief in a fallen world , where sinner and saint suffer alongside one another , and oh yeah , those aren ’ t saint — those are prostitute who were asked to wear saint costume and paid accordingly . Everything is grimy , every mirror is scratched . No one look particularly good or well dressed . Los Angeles is a complicated place , where people from all over the world convene to disappoint one another , and “ The Shield ” thrived on that conflict and chaos .
 Lots of show that seem to want to be “ The Shield ” revel in making their viewer miserable or appalled . And while awful thing transpire on the show , and there are episode that will haunt me all of my day , “ The Shield ” never jerk it audience around . That ’ s the part I wish it imitator would copy — not the brutality or policing plot line , but the attention to story , the care , the structure . Each season ha a true arc . Characters ’ problem get worse . Choices have consequence and there ’ s no such thing a “ going back to normal . ”
 Shows with complicated heist or with double-crossing agent often lose themselves or lose track of the emotional momentum of the story . Not so here . There are few thrill a gratifying a a show with a great memory — a show that can really handle fan love and scrutiny . In it final episode , “ The Shield ” forever locked in it spot on these kind of list when it brought every corrupt chicken home to roost . It ’ s masterly storytelling at it most gripping .
 MARGARET LYONS
 Stream on FX Plus or Hulu .
 2002-2008
 Because , indeed .
 Michael K. Williams , who portrayed Omar Little :
 I went into “ The Wire ” like any newly budding actor : I wa narcissistic . It wa just about my career and how much screen time I had and blah , blah , blah .
 Season 2 came in , the story line shifted to the dock where there were white actor that told that story . That shook me a little bit . I didn ’ t expect that . I came out on the other side of that with gratitude to be a part of this . I saw how David Simon [ the creator ] masterfully came back in to Season 3 and it became bigger than just a hood story .
 It wa never about that . It wa a social story told on an American tapestry . Just happened to be in the hood .
 It wouldn ’ t just be people saying , “ Oh , that ’ s some good hood [ expletive ] on TV. ” It wa the way that the community wa responding to the story . It wa truth telling . That ’ s when I realized that I ’ m a part of something way bigger than me or my career , and it made me really grateful to be just a small part in that wheel .
 I saw a lot of homophobia in my community . Omar definitely helped soften the blow of homophobia in my community and it opened up a dialogue , definitely . There ’ s been more of a tolerance for alternative lifestyle in the community than prior to “ The Wire. ” Kima Greggs [ Sonja Sohn ] , Felicia Pearson . It wasn ’ t just Omar , man .
 [ The essence of my character is in ] the speech that he gave just before he pulled the trigger on Stringer Bell [ Idris Elba ] . String try to offer him money for his life . Omar say , “ You still don ’ t get it . It ain ’ t about your money , bro. ” It ’ s about loyalty . His boy gave him up . You know what I ’ m saying ? Money can ’ t buy loyalty , man .
 Omar had a code of ethic . You may not agree with his moral or his ideal , however , you could set your watch by him that he wa not gon na break code for anything or anybody , or no amount of money . It ’ s code .
 Man ’ s got ta have a code , right ? — As told to Aisha Harris .
 Stream on HBO Go .
 2004-2009
 Because it reduced humanity to it essential .
 Even in our current age of reboots , no show ha surpassed it original incarnation a spectacularly a “ Battlestar Galactica. ” Ronald D. Moore and David Eick reimagined a mystical 1970s space opera a a dark and epic tale of survival that for several season wa a seamless combination of large-scale action , close-quarters character drama and pop-political philosophy .
 The premise would have been provocative at any time : A bitter race of robot get the drop on humanity ( with the help of a human traitor ) and nearly extincts u , killing all but about 50,000 survivor , who spend the series fleeing through space on a motley collection of ship led by the titular battleship . That the show came along at the height of the post-9/11 “ war on terror ” gave an extra resonance to it pervasive mood of existential dread , and made it depiction of religious fanaticism ( on the part of the robot ! ) , torture and massacre particularly topical .
 Moore and his writer moved their large ensemble from crisis to crisis with cinematic verve but also with careful attention to the emotional reality of relentless flight and battle . ( They also neutralized basic-cable censor with the brilliant invention of the galactic epithet “ frak. ” ) They lost some of their grip on the story in the final season , but their original creation took TV science fiction to place it had never gone before .
 MIKE HALE
 2004-2006
 Because it knew the border between civilization and savagery wa porous , and patrolled by opportunist .
 Anna Gunn , who portrayed Martha Bullock :
 The obscenity-laden stuff seemed like it might be off the cuff , but it wa really carefully crafted . Ian [ McShane ] used to say “ You get one [ expletive ] in the wrong place , and you ’ re [ expletive ] . ”
 David [ Milch , the creator ] always said “ This is the way they talked , ” down to the obscenity . There wa a formality to the language . As an actor , and then a a viewer , it transport you to that time quickly , and it show you the kind of communication and wordplay that wa going on at that time , which can feel like a lost art now with all of our ... We won ’ t go into that . But you know what I ’ m saying .
 I ’ ve done Shakespeare , so it wa in my wheelhouse . But it is a different thing to be dealing with a mouthful of that kind of stuff on camera — rather than standing on stage and projecting it to 3,000 people — to make it tumble out and be a effortless a possible .
 As Martha , unfortunately , I did not get to indulge in the obscenity . She ’ s a woman of not a many word , but they are very carefully chosen . There wa a scene in the Bullocks ’ house , after Martha becomes aware that Seth [ Timothy Olyphant ] ha been messing around with Alma [ Molly Parker ] , and she ’ s very angry . And I ’ m going up the stair and I say something like , “ I repudiate you . ”
 It wa so formal . But what she ’ s saying is “ [ expletive ] you. ” — As told to Jeremy Egner .
 Stream on HBO Go .
 2004-2010
 Because at it best , it wa the most fun you could have watching TV .
 Damon Lindelof , co-creator and co-showrunner :
 I ’ ve spent a disproportionate amount of time talking about the beginning of “ Lost ” — the pilot and first season — and then the final episode , an ending for which I still make no apology . But I now have more perspective on the 119 hour that happened between those two pole .
 After the pilot , the thing that most people were saying , myself included , wa , “ How do you keep these people on an island , and make that interesting to watch ? ” The lesson is to keep running , and I give myself a little latitude for just finishing the marathon .
 As for my favorite , it ’ s a tie between the pilot , “ The Constant ” [ from Season 4 ] and the Season 3 finale — right now , the Season 3 finale [ which introduced the flash-forward concept , and revealed that the survivor make it off the island ] is in the pole position . That wa one of the most exciting thing we ever did , and it wa at a time when the show wa starting to get written off a having it best day behind it .
 So that wa like the moment in the “ Rocky ” movie where Rocky get up , and you realize he ’ s still got some fight left in him . Just that idea that we were able to still pull off a satisfying emotional twist , with the shifting out of flashback and into flash-forward . The line I hear quoted most at me is , “ We have to go back ! ” It ’ s an indelible moment in the show , and it seems to have stuck . It definitely stuck with me .
 I get tickled when a show like “ Manifest ” come along in 2018 and people describe it a , “ It ’ s like ‘ Lost. ’ ” I wa inspired by so many show — “ Twin Peaks , ” “ The X-Files , ” “ The Twilight Zone , ” “ The Prisoner ” and a billion other thing were in that stew a well . So the idea that “ Lost ” get to be an ingredient in somebody else ’ s stew is immensely gratifying .
 The theory that continues to drive me bonkers is the idea that they were dead the whole time . That make no sense to me because in the finale , a the character all come together in this church before they move on to whatever their next life is , there are character there who were not on the plane — Desmond and Penny , Benjamin Linus , Juliet . If they were dead the whole time , how would they have met character who were not even on Oceanic 815 ?
 It definitely creates some brow furrowing . But I ’ ve decided that on my tombstone it will say : “ Here lie Damon Lindelof . He wa dead the whole time. ” — As told to Jeremy Egner .
 Stream on Hulu .
 2004-2007
 Because tough and vulnerable never went together so well .
 Debuting on UPN a year after “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer ” left the air , “ Veronica Mars ” continued to prove that TV for a younger audience could be smart , sophisticated in it storytelling and emotionally complex . Its run wa short , and it third and final season on CW , post merger , sagged a little . But while it lasted , it wa a peerless blend of neo-noir mystery and teenage romantic drama , each addictive in it own right — a type of synthesis that ’ s frequently attempted and seldom perfected .
 And it wa surprisingly clear-eyed and unsentimental for a show largely set among high school student . ( The refusal of the show ’ s creator , Rob Thomas , to dumb thing down might have contributed to it relatively low rating . ) The venality and viciousness of the upper-class Southern California beach crowd Veronica had been exiled from wasn ’ t just played for laugh . The fiercely loyal , codependent relationship between Veronica and her father , the struggling private investigator Keith Mars , had element of desperation and sadness . Well before # MeToo , Veronica wa revealed to have been drugged and raped at a party , an ungratuitous detail that helped explain her hard , sarcastic edge .
 That might make the show sound like a slog , but it wa a joy . That had to do with how cleverly Thomas employed the convention of California noir , and with the distinctive gallery of teenage character he created . But it wa mainly about the deft , soulful performance of Kristen Bell and Enrico Colantoni a Veronica and Keith , the damaged outsider who shared a talent for sleuthing and a devotion to justice . Playing an obstinate 17-year-old coming of age while coping with the loss of her mother and her best friend , Bell wa a testy heartbreaker .
 MIKE HALE
 Stream on Amazon .
 2005-present
 Because we all need our “ person . ”
 More tear have been shed over “ Grey ’ s Anatomy ” than any other prime time drama . It ’ s been on longer than almost anything else , and it ’ s also embraced tragedy , plucked heartstrings and leaned hard into wrenching monologue . “ Grey ’ s Anatomy ” isn ’ t just one of the best drama . It is also the most drama .
 Plane crash . Ferry crash . A crazed gunman . A train derailment . A sinkhole . Every disease you can imagine , and some you can ’ t . Everything anyone could get impaled on and then some . Storms upon storm . A penis fish . Grieving parent , frightened child , abuse survivor , traumatic birth . But also sex and romance and love triangle , quadrangle and irregular polygon . “ Grey ’ s Anatomy ” elevates female friendship above all bond and see professional excellence a a baseline qualification . It understands grief .
 “ Grey ’ s Anatomy ” wa the first Shonda Rhimes show , and it remains her best ( a a creator or a an executive producer ) . And try a they might , no other contemporary doctor show come close to the emotional depth or clever dialogue of early “ Grey ’ s , ” or to the sustained melodrama and potency of it current incarnation .
 Sometimes lead character can be a little too perfect , but “ Grey ’ s Anatomy ” never had that problem : We buy from the get-go that Meredith ( Ellen Pompeo ) might occasionally feel less-than , and that her “ dark and twisty ” inside might keep her from the happiness she ( everyone ! ) deserves . And then she — and the show , and the audience , and the world , sort of — evolved and endured . For many year , Meredith wa not the most interesting character on the show that bear her name . But she is now , which is one reason the show feel viable and dynamic still , 15 season in .
 MARGARET LYONS
 Stream on Netflix .
 2006-2011
 Because it had clear eye and a full heart .
 As those of u who have evangelized for this show for year constantly tell people , “ Friday Night Lights ” is not really about high school football . It ’ s about Dillon , Tex .
 Dillon , Tex. , in turn , is totally about high school football . Football is on the radio and in the yard sign and at the barbecue . Dillon reminisces about football of the past and dream about football of the future . It come together over football , and it fall apart over football .
 The way “ F.N.L. ” understood this — why a game can be so consuming to a working-class small town , how the need for hope can be both sustaining and dangerous — is what made it one of TV ’ s best drama , not just about high school but about community .
 Community , in “ F.N.L. , ” can be a support and a burden . The player juggle game pressure with family pressure — absent parent , illness , money trouble . Coach Eric Taylor ( Kyle Chandler ) is celebrated when he win , dogged and second-guessed when he loses . His wife , Tami ( Connie Britton ) , a guidance counselor and principal , wrestle with a system that would rather invest in a Jumbotron than teacher . ( Their gently sparring partnership , at home and school , should be mandatory pre-marriage-counseling viewing . )
 In the fourth season , Eric and Tami relocate to East Dillon High School — a poor , largely African-American school across town — and “ F.N.L. ” becomes the rare high school show to actually get better a it age , becoming a much a story of the chasm of opportunity a more overtly issues-minded story like “ The Wire . ”
 Of course , there ’ s football , too , with hard hit and sideline drama and more than the statistically likely percentage of game decided on the last play . But the most memorable moment are Coach Taylor ’ s locker-room speech , which bring it back to honor , faith and the family watching from the stand : “ Those are the people I want in your mind . Those are the people I want in your heart . ”
 This is a football story that care a much about the spectator a the player , because it know that none of them got where they are by themselves .
 JAMES PONIEWOZIK
 Stream on NBC.com , Amazon or Hulu .
 2007-2015
 Because the sleekest surface can mask the deepest wound .
 Matthew Weiner , creator :
 I wrote the pilot of “ Mad Men ” before I started a a writer on “ The Sopranos , ” so there ’ s seven year between the pilot and writing the second episode of “ Mad Men. ” Whatever I had intended the show to be when I wrote that pilot wa very different after seeing how seriously David Chase took human behavior . Real human behavior .
 So instead of having a potboiler with people stealing each other ’ s folder and trying to get each other fired , and that sort of office intrigue — not that “ Mad Men ” didn ’ t have any of that — you have Peggy [ Elisabeth Moss ] with a psychic scar for the entire show , after giving away that baby . That ’ s the kind of thing that would have never occurred to me before I wa on “ The Sopranos . ”
 It wasn ’ t like I didn ’ t have those thought or feeling . I just didn ’ t know the audience would respond to it .
 There ’ s nothing allegorical in “ Mad Men , ” a far a I ’ m concerned . No one writes with those thing in mind . I don ’ t believe it , if they say they do . Literally you ’ re like , “ I want a story , this is what happens , this is what it mean , these are the repercussion , this is the scene of aftermath , this is the feeling it ’ s about for these people . ”
 Of course I wa into the aesthetic . But half of what the show wa about wa to say , “ These people have the same problem we have right now. ” Don [ Jon Hamm ] is not part of the Rat Pack . These are not the ring-a-ding year . They ’ re a bunch of veteran , and they are walking around a little haunted . And the woman are dissatisfied , and they ’ re facing horrible consequence in the workplace . Everything wa supposed to be an irony between the way it ’ s been portrayed in movie and advertising , versus the way it really wa .
 Which still exists . Instagram is basically you creating an ad for yourself to make your life look better , and everyone assumes that no one else ha any problem . That ’ s what advertising is .
 “ Maidenform , ” in the second season , is the first episode of the show where I wa like , “ This can not be done on any other show. ” Because it ’ s so psychological and it ’ s about an idea , which is , “ How am I perceived by other people ? ”
 It ’ s thematically hammered over and over — in the ad campaign , in Don and Bobbie Barrett ’ s [ Melinda McGraw ] relationship , Don versus Sally [ Kiernan Shipka ] , Betty [ January Jones ] in the bathing suit . At the time , I wa like , “ Is anybody going to understand this ? ” Because we ’ re telling a story here that probably look like something about Don ’ s busted romance , and conflict in the office , and Peggy trying to get ahead . But what it really is , is “ I look in the mirror and I don ’ t like what I see . What do other people see ? ” And that ’ s because I ’ ve created this false self .
 Just that sentence that I gave you right there — I would have never thought that wa the subject of a TV show if I hadn ’ t sat in a room with David Chase for four year . Even though it is the substance of our life . — As told to Jeremy Egner .
 Stream on Netflix .
 2008-2013
 Because on some level , we all want to be the one who knock .
 Anna Gunn , who portrayed Skyler White :
 Every character broke bad in their own way .
 Skyler ’ s ability to lie , to don the persona of the ditzy accountant to get what she wanted — she ’ s really good at it . As the show go along , everybody ha those kind of thing revealed . It ’ s always in moment of crisis that human being show their true character .
 In the beginning , Vince [ Gilligan , the creator ] told me “ I see her a Carmela Soprano , but in on the crime. ” He wa going to have her take a similar path to Walt [ Bryan Cranston ] , in that she would become her own Heisenberg . She did in some way but she didn ’ t fully , and that wa really smart to keep her on her own trajectory . She continued to catch herself and go “ Wait , what ? No , no , no . This is not who I want to be . ”
 Skyler wa pilloried a the nagging wife — there wa this runaway train of Skyler hatred . It wa kind of freaking Vince out and it wa freaking me out , too . I wrote about it [ in The Times ] and went through that whole thing .
 I get it : She ’ s the bummer . She ’ s bringing a crashing dose of reality to that kingpin trajectory . The show wa constructed in such a way that your sympathy lie with Walt , a a viewer . What wa surprising is that when he continued along that path and did truly awful thing , people were still going “ Yeah all right ! He ’ s the man ! ”
 I don ’ t know . Obviously there ’ s a deep sexism there , and dare I say misogyny with it . Because if Skyler had been a male character , it would have been perceived differently .
 But it ’ s shaken out so that people — woman and men — come up to me all the time now and tell me how much that character meant to them , or that she got them through something in their life . I think there ’ s much more awareness , in our current climate , about how woman are seen and what woman have been battling . It ’ s something that wa not particularly examined at the time , but now people are looking at it much more honestly , and that ’ s great to see .
 The first time we saw a screening of the “ Breaking Bad ” pilot , a a group , we sat in a stunned silence for a second afterward , thinking “ This is extraordinary. ” But you still wonder : It ’ s so out there , are people going to connect to it ? Is it actually going to see the light of day ? And then it did . — As told to Jeremy Egner .
 Stream on Netflix .
 2009-2016
 Because it turned a victim cliché into a treatise on power .
 Michelle and Robert King , creator :
 Male creator and critic , especially , can sometimes confuse violence or dark subject matter with importance . Some of the purple dialogue in “ True Detective ” felt like white suburban boy pretending to have some real darkness .
 On “ The Good Wife , ” there wa very rarely any violence . We didn ’ t do any of those CBS thing of showing people being killed and slaughtered . The battle wa more in word , and that feel more like the violence we see these day . It ’ s more connected to reality .
 “ The Good Wife ” wa about soft power — the use of power that is not announcing itself a power . I think Alicia [ Julianna Margulies ] got really distraught about power and how she utilized it over the seven season , and I think by the end she needed a rebirth of some kind . She probably went on to be involved in the MeToo movement , and on the front line of the political resistance .
 When we were starting the series , all of these wife were forced to stand by their misbehaving men . Then a the show took off , they kind of stopped needing to do that — by turning a TV spotlight on it , we pointed out what a cliché it wa . If the show ha a positive legacy , it ’ s probably that we helped woman not have to stand by their scandalized husband . ( edited from a joint interview with Jeremy Egner )
 Stream on Hulu .
 2010-2018
 Because it made magic .
 You might well ask , why put a cartoon on a best drama list ? I would answer , why not ? If Pendleton Ward ’ s sprawling , postapocalyptic saga were live-action , rather than gorgeously rendered animation , it would be classified with “ Lost , ” “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer ” and other drama that balance fantastical story line with humor and bursting heart . That it did so in kaleidoscopic , 11-minute episode for audience of all age is a credit , not a demerit .
 The story of Finn , a foundling in the magical and once-devastated Land of Ooo , “ Adventure Time ” evolved from a whimsical action-adventure into a sprawling story of abandoned child , surrogate family and self-discovery . It grew up a it protagonist did , teaching it viewer that while the battle of good against evil can be thrilling , it ’ s rarely simple . It had the vast , well-imagined cast of a saga like “ Game of Thrones , ” along with a stunning visual language and a through sense of empathy .
 If you still need convincing , let me direct you to the Season 4 episode “ I Remember You , ” which begin to reveal the back story of the series ’ original mad villain , the Ice King . Once a mild-mannered human named Simon , he saved a young girl ( now Marceline , the goth-punk vampire ) by embracing a magic that took his sanity and memory . As Marceline piece together the story and he grasp at the fragment of his past — a story with familiar echo to anyone who ’ s seen a loved one fall to dementia — the episode ’ s 11 minute build to an emotional climax , a villainous character reframed and given depth on the spot .
 Surreal , wise and often heartbreaking , “ Adventure Time ” may look like kid ’ stuff . ( It is , in fact , outstanding kid ’ stuff . ) But under it confectionery surface lie the material of great drama . It ’ s a wonderland of broken , misfit toy learning to fix one another .
 JAMES PONIEWOZIK
 Stream on Hulu .
 2011-2013
 Because it knew that being good is hard work .
 Many of the post- “ Sopranos ” drama listed here attempted to understand evil ( “ The Shield ” ) or people sliding toward evil ( “ Breaking Bad ” ) or the moral conflict of people engaged in evil deed ( “ The Americans ” ) . This entire era of drama , in a way , wa a response to an earlier era of TV in which moral issue were simple , clear and settled in an hour with commercial .
 “ Enlightened , ” in it 18 half hour , stood apart by engaging with what it mean to be good , and the difficulty of getting there .
 We meet Amy Jellicoe ( Laura Dern ) , a low-level office worker for a slickly exploitative megacorporation , on the rebound from a nervous breakdown . She ’ s embraced the language of conscience and consciousness , but she ’ s still racked with resentment and envy . She want to change the world but do well for herself in the process , and , at first , she us her do-gooderism passive-aggressively , a a cudgel .
 But that ’ s life ; that ’ s morality . The urge to do right doesn ’ t just drop from heaven . It can come from ego and regret and anger a much a from altruism and self-denial . If the world is to get better , it ha to come through the fumbling effort of those of u , who , like Amy , are no bodhisattva .
 Poetic , meditative and generous , the series manages in it short span to delve into the inner life of Amy ’ s recovering-addict ex , Levi ( Luke Wilson ) , her awkward co-worker Tyler ( Mike White , who created the series with Dern ) , and her disappointed mother , Helen ( Dern ’ s real-life mother , Diane Ladd ) .
 “ Enlightened ” ha element of cringe humor , but it take Amy seriously . Her feeling are chaotic , and sometimes naïve . But they ’ re real , and over two season , she get closer to becoming the person she fantasizes about being , blowing the whistle on her company ’ s shady practice and accepting that there are cause larger than herself . In it finale , facing the aftermath of having exposed her employer , Amy asks Levi a question that ’ s hung over the series , “ Am I crazy ? ”
 No , he say , “ You ’ re just full of hope . You ’ ve got more hope than most people do . ”
 JAMES PONIEWOZIK
 Stream on HBO Go .
 2013-2018
 Because it made even the unsexy ( read : realistic ) detail of espionage — and marriage — thrilling .
 Alison Wright , who played Martha :
 At an early table read , Joe Weisberg came up and told me that they plan to have Martha marry the man she knew a Clark [ Matthew Rhys ] , and that it wa based on real relationship these woman had . These secretary , they would get married and sometimes have child , and these relationship might last year and year before the deception wa ever revealed .
 So I figured [ my job would ] be safe for a little while , if I married the guy .
 Personally , I see my friend in situation every day where I say , “ How can she not see what ’ s going on here ? ” We all have denial and blind spot about load of thing , especially when it come to our love life . Joe and Joel Fields [ the showrunners ] did a great job of writing a complicated woman , and they obviously made it believable at some point . It felt like most people were eventually on her side .
 She wa an innocent , but she still did naughty thing . She stole a lot of information and she could have cost people their life . She just did it for love . Maybe because her intention were not nefarious , we give her a little forgiveness .
 When they told me Martha wa going to be sent to the Soviet Union , I wa horrified . And Joe wa like , “ What are you talking about ? She ’ s still alive. ” But I think that ’ s a fate worse than death . How painful that would be to survive everything she ’ s gone through , and do it in a place like that . In a time like that . I thought it wa a death sentence for her soul .
 I like to imagine that somehow she met up with Anton Baklanov [ Michael Aronov ] . Remember him ? The physicist who wa kidnapped ? I always thought he and Martha would make a great couple . Sitting depressed together .
 But if she saw Clark in Moscow , I ’ d like to think she would stop and stare at him for a little while , and turn around and walk the other way . Especially since he ’ d probably be there with his wife . — As told to Jeremy Egner .
 Stream on FX Plus .
 2013-2016
 Because it understood patience .
 Watching “ Rectify ” will turn your soul into a pensive cello song , and your hand into those of an aged person mourning their youth . You ’ ll discover an old handkerchief in the back of a drawer , behold it briefly in the dusty sunlight , then collapse onto the corner of the bed , weeping at the fragility of all human life — how fallible and wonderful it all is , how damaged and dark .
 But it ’ s worth it , because “ Rectify ” isn ’ t like any other show . Unlike lot of thematically dark show , it ’ s visually bright and sunshine-y , with a humidity that border on fecundity . Its slowness is ethereal — Season 1 take place over just six day — but it plot doe move forward , more than some other more traditionally paced drama out there .
 The criminally underseen series , created by Ray McKinnon , star Aden Young a Daniel Holden , who wa wrongly convicted a a teenager of raping and murdering his girlfriend . He spent 19 year on Georgia ’ s death row before being released on a technicality . He wa raped and tortured in prison , robbed of his dignity . Freedom doesn ’ t undo that damage . If anything , it brings it into starker relief .
 As with all human tragedy , Daniel ’ s story isn ’ t only his . His sibling and stepsiblings have spun into individualized realm of dysfunction , and sometimes it feel like the entire small town where they live ha a raw and unresolved central wound .
 “ Rectify ” put it character under a powerful but loving microscope , and we get to see their full humanity , from the way they say or don ’ t say “ I love you ” to the way they impatiently and loudly chug water . This meticulous , miraculous sense of specificity is sharp and dense enough to cast a powerful shadow , and the bigger tale becomes one about what fill in society in the absence of justice .
 MARGARET LYONS
 Stream on Netflix .
 2014-2017
 Because it pondered the big question without feeling ponderous .
 Damon Lindelof , creator :
 Kevin had an existential crisis : How do I fit in the grand scheme of a post-departure world ? But he didn ’ t really lose anything palpable .
 Nora is the one who lost everything . She lost her cheating husband and her two child , so she ’ s moving through her life sort of wondering , “ What did I do to deserve this ? ” And then like , “ This wa just a random happenstance. ” Bouncing her between “ There ’ s nothing to be done ” and “ I have to do something ” wa an incredibly difficult thing to pull off a storyteller , and an even more difficult thing for Carrie Coon to pull off a an actor .
 We got into the third season of the show , and it became very obvious to u that the finale wa going to be largely Nora-driven . Kevin wa going to be in it , but it wa her story . I don ’ t know if that mean that the series writ large wa her story , but it just felt like that wa the only way to end it with some degree of satisfaction .
 The idea of her putting herself into some sort of self-imposed exile — that is the classic hero ’ s journey . Every Rambo movie is Rambo at some Thai monastery , and then the United States government ha to track him down and say , “ We need you to do one more job , John . ”
 We were kind of like , “ What ’ s the emotional version of that ? ” One question the show wa always asking wa , “ How can you emotionally invest in anyone , if you think that they could just slip out of existence in a second ? ”
 Obviously that ’ s something we contend with in a nondeparture world , because people die . But that feeling of , “ I now have an excuse to not emotionally connect to anyone ” get magnified in a world where 2 percent of the world ’ s population just slipped out .
 Showrunners do have favorite episode , they just won ’ t admit it . I ’ m very partial to the first “ International Assassin ” episode .
 We started with a version that wa very trippy and Kubrickian , and a little obtuse . It wa feeling super self-serious and not fun to watch . The only thing that survived that version wa the manifestation of Patti a a little girl . Then it wa like : Oh , Kevin ’ s got to kill that little girl in order to get rid of the adult Patti .
 That ’ s a good challenge for him , but the world and it rule were so artsy fartsy . We just couldn ’ t get invested in it .
 So we were in the writer ’ room and someone said , “ I wish it wa just like ’ Three Days of the Condor , ’ and someone told him he had to assassinate Senator Patti Levin. ” And everybody laughed . Then there wa a five-second moment where everyone wa looking at each other like , “ Wait a minute , can we do that ? What doe that look like ? ” And then we were off to the race . — As told to Jeremy Egner .
 Stream on HBO Go .
 2014-present
 Because it redefined what a TV family could be .
 Jill Soloway , creator :
 We ’ re working on the finale so I ’ m asking this question of , “ What doe it need to wrap up this story ? ” A few thing have always been present . One is this big question : Will you still love me if ... ? And this question that people and family ask each other : “ Will you still love me if I come out ? Will you still love me if I ’ m an alcoholic ? Will you still love me if I have an affair ? Will you still love me if I set a boundary ? ”
 I think the action of this family , for me , ha always been this idea [ that ] the secret is the boundary . Now that the secret is gone , where do you start , where do I end ?
 In the pilot they think Maura is giving them the house . They showed up at that barbecue dinner in the pilot to say “ We want our inheritance. ” But it turn out their inheritance is one of queerness , and trans-ness .
 When I ’ m really old and I ’ m in a nursing home and I feel lonely I think I ’ m just going to watch the whole series on repeat over and over again and say “ Aah , these are my people , this is my family , these are my friends. ” They feel so real to me . When I watch it , it feel like I ’ m dipping into a movie version of a photo album of a family and I know I ’ m loved .
 Things that I really loved about “ The Sopranos ” were the kitchen scene and the way family life wa portrayed on that show , these beautiful little family moment . They would take something like a horrific mafia murder and put it right next to a really banal conversation about red sauce pasta . We do the same thing in “ Transparent , ” but it ’ s the Holocaust and a conversation about a bagel .
 That ’ s one of the thing I got from David Chase : The proximity of great tragedy and great food . — As told to Aisha Harris .
 Stream on Amazon .
 2014-present
 Because it loving sendup of telenovelas paired shocking plot twist with political bite .
 Jennie Snyder Urman , creator :
 I really think of it a a true hybrid . We make sure that every episode ha comic set piece , but the big beating heart underneath the show is dramatic . I think our season really take shape around the more dramatic element of the show .
 The greatest pain come with a lot of laughter and vice versa .
 Jane , Xiomara and Alba — that ’ s 100 percent the central relationship that we ’ re tracking and that I think change and evolves the most . Who Jane ’ s going to end up with is certainly a central thread and central to the genre and central to romance , the telenovela and all of that . But the central love story in the show is the three woman .
 They are the heart of the show . That really became clear to me in the second episode , when Jane wa unpacking the trauma of the accidental insemination with her mom and grandmother on the porch swing . That is the thing we have to always come back to . That porch swing , that relationship and the way that they support each other , love each other , disagree with each other , fight with each other , but ultimately have each other ’ s back always .
 We ’ re like , “ O.K. , it ’ s a porch swing moment. ” We go to that a lot in the writer ’ room .
 I hope the legacy of “ Jane ” is how it show that people who want to be good can be interesting , too ; a a show that introduced the world to Gina Rodriguez , who I think is such a gift in so many way ; and a love letter to telenovelas , ultimately .
 I hope also that it ’ s remembered for the way that it make political statement in a very personal way , and that hopefully it ha increased empathy and compassion and helped push u forward , helped give a little bit of light in this darker time . — As told to Aisha Harris .
 Stream on CW.com or Netflix .
 2016-present
 Because it push TV ’ s boundary through keen observation and inventive absurdism .
 Zazie Beetz , who play Vanessa :
 I definitely think of it a a drama ; it ’ s how I approach it . I found it interesting that it wa billed a a comedy , initially . There is a lot more tonal nuance to the show than I think what we associate with sitcom or the general definition of comedy . And I find when I watch the show on my own , I don ’ t laugh that much .
 Thinking back to when we were shooting last season , I think it wa [ Season 2 , Episode 3 ] , when I am coming home and we ’ re looking through the mail . And I am talking about where we end up going out later that episode . It ’ s kind of a funny scene .
 We were improvising and I started saying , “ Ugh , I ’ m not going to be able to come up with anything funny right now. ” And [ the director ] Hiro [ Murai ] said , “ Don ’ t be funny , just be truthful ” — which is a general rule for improvising , but I think it wa just another reminder : The show doesn ’ t have to land joke , it just ha to land truth .
 People have been raised to generally associate black TV show with comedy . And because our show is being advertised a a comedy , it might not have the same commercial weight a being evaluated a a dramatic performance .
 But it is both . Life is both , and I think that “ Atlanta ” is trying to capture element of both of those thing . — As told to Aisha Harris .
 Stream on FX Plus or Hulu .
 2014-2017
 “ Computers aren ’ t the thing , ” say the tech executive Joe MacMillan ( Lee Pace ) . “ They ’ re the thing that get u to the thing. ” This AMC drama spanned the personal-computer revolution of the early ’ 80 to the dawning of the web in the early ’ 90 , the period in which people found that what they thought of a office hardware wa in fact the printing press of a new culture .
 “ Halt ” wa one of TV ’ s best story about work , the medium through which it character communicate , fall apart and come together again . In particular , the turbulent collaboration between genius programmer Cameron Howe ( Mackenzie Davis ) and venture capitalist Donna Clark ( Kerry Bishé ) wa a platonic romance . This wasn ’ t a story of big hit and mega-riches ; in fact , the character kept moving from one failed project to the next . But “ Halt ” found life in that movement , the unstoppable , optimistic drive to scroll on to the next page .
 Would swap out : “ The West Wing ” Look , I ’ m not made of stone ; despite it occasional soapboxiness , I loved this show ’ s romance with public service . But despite arriving several month after “ The Sopranos , ” it feel like an artifact of a previous era , when TV sought to simplify the complexity of life and morality rather than vice versa .
 JAMES PONIEWOZIK
 2016-present
 I ’ d never seen anything like “ Queen Sugar ” on TV before . A slow-burner centered on multiple generation of a black southern family tied together by the looming legacy ( and tenuous future ) of the recently departed patriarch ’ s sugarcane farm , the series expertly walk the line between high art and sudsy melodrama . Is every actor on this show impossibly gorgeous , their brown skin lit to perfection in every scene ? Sure — but it also remains a crime that Rutina Wesley , Dawn-Lyen Gardner and Kofi Siriboe have yet to receive Emmy nomination for their poignant performance a the Bordelon sibling .
 “ Queen Sugar ” ha unraveled a sprawling narrative a vast a it luminously shot rural Louisiana landscape and woven in an array of relevant cultural topic , including black disenfranchisement and mass incarceration . Yet the attention to detail in the characterization and interpersonal relationship ha never been lost — these story , these people , ring true .
 Would swap out : “ Mad Men ” I admire the series , but midway through it run , I grew frustrated and bored with Don Draper ’ s neurosis and terrible behavior , which didn ’ t seem to evolve much beyond his respect for Peggy Olson .
 AISHA HARRIS , ASSISTANT TV EDITOR
 2010-2015
 Based on an Elmore Leonard short story , “ Fire in the Hole , ” “ Justified ” wa a clever and literate crime drama , a pungent celebration of regional folkways and humor and a showcase for one of the most talented , idiosyncratic acting ensemble TV ha offered . Timothy Olyphant and Walton Goggins starred a a deputy U.S. marshal in Kentucky and his one-time best friend , now a rural crime kingpin , and their supporting cast included Nick Searcy , Natalie Zea , Joelle Carter , Damon Herriman , Jere Burns , Stephen Root and Margo Martindale , to name a few .
 Would swap out : “ Rectify ” or “ The Leftovers ” I ’ ll take the pure pleasure of “ Justified ” over the feel-bad profundity of those show anytime .
 MIKE HALE
 2009-2013
 “ Southland ” is the only worthy heir to “ The Shield , ” but it ha so much more light in it , so much more texture . It ’ s extraordinary , and even though I think “ The Shield ” is probably a better show , “ Southland ” is my favorite cop show of the modern era .
 I also would have added “ Wonderfalls , ” a teeny-tiny show from 2004 that ha only 13 episode — they didn ’ t even air them all when the show wa briefly on Fox . But those of u who caught it then and bought the DVDs later know it to be enchanting and perceptive . Jaye is a frustrated young woman with a failure to launch , toiling away at a Niagara Falls gift shop when a little lion tchotchke suddenly start talking to her . Is she going crazy , or is this something supernatural ? Does it even matter , if she ’ s finally finding some sense of purpose ? This wa Bryan Fuller ’ s precursor to the also superb “ Pushing Daisies , ” which I adore almost a much .
 Would swap out : “ Atlanta ” Because it ’ s a comedy ! It ’ s an astounding comedy , and it would be on my 20 best comedy list in a heartbeat .
 MARGARET LYONS
 2011-present
 I suspect plenty of people scrolled or swiped through this list with increasing agitation , wondering how a team of TV watching professional could pas over a show that is not only a three-time Emmy winner for best drama , not only the most obsessively tracked story on the planet , but is inarguably the single most ambitious endeavor in the history of the medium .
 To those reader I can only say : I totally agree .
 Even a “ Game of Thrones ” ha piled up more Emmys than any other drama ever , the knock ha been that it ’ s not the best show on television , it ’ s the most show on television . Fine . But it reputation for spectacle , sexposition and shocking twist overshadows the excellence of it storytelling , which ha woven roughly 400 compelling subplots ( and a few that were le so ) into a grimy allegory about the world-shattering wage of unchecked ambition and cycle of vengeance . All of it presented at a scale and with a technical virtuosity that demolished the previous parameter of television like a zombie dragon laying waste to an ice wall .
 Would swap out : “ The West Wing ” While I admire it craft and idealism , scorching straw men with stagy oratory doe not a defining drama make .
 JEREMY EGNER , TV EDITOR
 Produced by Alicia DeSantis , Gabriel Gianordoli and Josephine Sedgwick .
 Animations by Pedro Piccinini .
 Portrait illustration by Tim McDonagh .
 Video credit : NBC ( “ The West Wing ” ) , FX ( “ The Shield ” ) , HBO ( “ The Wire ” ) , Sci-Fi ( “ Battlestar Galactica ” ) , HBO ( “ Deadwood ” ) , ABC ( “ Lost ” ) , UPN ( “ Veronica Mars ” ) , ABC ( “ Grey ’ s Anatomy ” ) , NBC ( “ Friday Night Lights ” ) , AMC ( “ Mad Men ” ) , AMC ( “ Breaking Bad ” ) , CBS ( “ The Good Wife ” ) , Cartoon Network ( “ Adventure Time ” ) , HBO ( “ Enlightened ” ) , FX ( “ The Americans ” ) , Sundance TV ( “ Rectify ” ) , HBO ( “ The Leftovers ” ) , Amazon Video ( “ Transparent ” ) , CW Television Network ( “ Jane the Virgin ” ) , FX ( “ Atlanta ” ) .
 Photo credit : James Minchin III ( “ Halt and Catch Fire ” ) , Skip Bolen/OWN ( “ Queen Sugar ” ) , Prashant Gupta/FX ( “ Justified ” ) , Doug Hyun/TNT ( “ Southland ” ) , Helen Sloan/HBO ( “ Game of Thrones ” ) .
 Advertisement
 Interview by DAVID MARCHESE MARCH 19 , 2019
 ‘ I try and make it so that if anyone ’ s offended , I can explain why they shouldn ’ t be . ’
 Ricky Gervais on provocation , picking target and outrage culture .
 In Ricky Gervais ’ s new Netflix show , “ After Life , ” he play a small-town journalist who , after being widowed , abandon all the rote politesse the rest of u rely on to get comfortably through our day . As is always the case with Gervais ’ s work — he ’ s probably still best known a the co-creator and star of the original “ The Office ” — some deeply cringe-inducing comedic moment ensue . “ Anything you do that ’ s the slightest bit interesting , ” Gervais said , “ a many people are going to hate it a love it. ” Indeed , since “ The Office , ” which debuted in 2001 , Gervais ’ s output — whether television , film or stand-up — ha been divisive , at time drawing criticism for being smug or mawkish but never at any detriment to his popularity . “ There ’ s no objectivity about comedy , ” said the 57-year-old , a frequent Twitter lightning rod . “ You ’ ve just got to own your emotion . ”
 Has social medium changed the way the public perceives your work ? Yes , and here ’ s an example : 20 year ago , if you saw something on TV that offended you and you wanted to let someone know , you would ’ ve had to get a pen and paper and write , “ Dear BBC , I ’ m bothered. ” But you didn ’ t do it because it wa too much trouble . Now with Twitter , you can just go , “ [ Expletive ] you ! ” to a comedian who ’ s offended you . Then a journalist will see that and say , “ So-and-so said a thing and people are furious. ” No . The rest of u don ’ t give a [ expletive ] and wouldn ’ t have heard about it if it hadn ’ t been made a headline . Everything is exaggerated . But everything ’ s also an illusion . No one would talk to you in the street like they do on Twitter . They ’ d never come up and say , “ Your article stink. ” They ’ d never do that because they ’ re normal , but they ’ re not normal on Twitter because there ’ s no nuance , no irony , no conversation there .
 So why should we take it seriously ? You don ’ t . If you ignore it on Twitter , it didn ’ t happen . It ’ s like going into a toilet stall and arguing with graffiti . If you don ’ t go there , it doesn ’ t exist .
 But you go there . I do . For fun . Or sometimes research . If I ’ m doing a warm-up show and I ’ m about five minute short of material , I ’ ll search Twitter for provocative thing . You find those dark corner . That ’ s a good thing about Twitter : I used to have to meet these maniac , like Agent Clarice Starling meeting Hannibal Lecter . Now I can find the dreg from the safety of my Hampstead mansion .
 Has Twitter been good for your comedy ? It ha . I can see a cross section of society a thousand time faster than I could ’ ve otherwise . I ’ ve got 13 million follower . That ’ s the world , really . I ’ ll tweet , “ What ’ s a subject you should never joke about ? ” Some people fall for the trap and say something like , “ Psoriasis. ” Then I can come up with 10 minute on that .
 Sounds like a good 10 minute . What ’ s something that you ’ ve researched online that wa helpful in developing a joke that way ? There ’ s load of thing . Onstage I ’ ll read out response to “ These are the thing you should never joke about , ” and whatever I say is quite funny because in your head you think of this one person being angry about the joke . People think someone joking about their issue is the worst thing in the world . I did a joke on “ Fallon ” about peanut allergy , and someone said I should never talk about food allergy . I joke about AIDS , famine , cancer , the Holocaust and you ’ re telling me I shouldn ’ t joke about allergy ? The audience ha got to be clever enough to know when I ’ m playing the idiot and saying the wrong thing for comic effect . That ’ s one of the thing of comedy : laughing at the wrong thing because you know what the right thing is .
 What make you confident that your audience know ? All you can do is give clue . I did a tweet that said something like , “ I ’ m your typical liberal , lefty , socialist , snowflake . I agree with antiracists … and yet if I talk about freedom of speech , I ’ m suddenly alt-right. ” 1 When did that happen ?
 You ’ re saying Twitter is a dirty toilet stall of human thought , but you also rely on it to generate material . Aren ’ t there more interesting place to look ? Do you mean , why am I fighting the easiest target ? Why am I picking extreme example ? Because I ’ m a comedian , not a politician . My job is to be funny . If I can do that with a little intelligence and fall on the right side , that ’ s a bonus . To answer your other question , “ Do I care that there ’ s someone who ’ s taking my irony at face value ? ” You can ’ t legislate against stupidity . These are fair question you ’ re asking but unfair to only ask comedian . The misunderstanding with contentious subject is that if a comedian deal with them people think he ’ s taking the wrong side . I ’ ve heard posh radio show discussing whether Ricky Gervais should be “ dealing with this ” in his comedy . Well , you ’ re talking about it ! Why can ’ t I deal with it in comedy ? You might not like what I say , but that doesn ’ t mean I shouldn ’ t deal with it .
 To my mind the bigger question isn ’ t about whether somebody should or shouldn ’ t joke about a subject , because , of course , everything is fair game . No , not of course . Everyone say that , and then there ’ s one thing that make them go : “ Too soon ! Wrong forum ! ” When I write a joke , it ’ s not like I ’ ve gone , “ That ’ s funny , and I don ’ t care who hate it. ” I try and make it so that if anyone ’ s offended , I can explain why they shouldn ’ t be .
 What I wa saying is that any rational person listening in good faith probably belief that any subject is on the table for a joke . That ’ s right , but it ’ s rare .
 So the more important question is whether the joke are aimed at worthwhile target , and if they ’ re cheap or not . I understand your point , and it is a fair question . The joke I do in my “ Humanity ” special about “ When you ’ re being raped by Satan , I ’ ll be laughing ” — that ’ s irresistible because it ’ s so mental . If it wa le mental , it wouldn ’ t be a funny . If someone say , “ I don ’ t agree with your atheism ” — O.K . I can ’ t go anywhere with that a a joke . So I pick extreme example because they ’ re funnier .
 The material from “ Humanity ” that provoked — And I knew what that would be before the special went out : Caitlyn Jenner .
 My question is not about the Caitlyn Jenner-specific joke . You build that bit out into this larger thing about transgender identification , and you get to a part about wanting to self-identify a a chimp named Bobo . Is that an instance in which the material wa intellectually achieving what you wanted to achieve ? That bit change halfway through . So I come out and I ’ m explaining the joke from the Golden Globes , which I stand by . It wa about a celebrity killing someone with their car.2 That clearly is the joke . But then I say people thought I wa in a feud with Caitlyn Jenner , and I go : “ It wa clickbait . Of course , I rose to the bait. ” So I ’ m saying I ’ m spoiled and childish . Then I get more and more spoiled and childish a the bit go on . I become the idiot who belief that being transgender is the same a changing into a chimp . But I have to do the joke like I mean it for it to work .
 To connect this to something you said earlier : Was the audience laughing at the right thing there ? You don ’ t think a lot of people were just laughing at the comparison of a transgender person to someone who want to identify a a chimp ? Some people are logical and get it . Some of it is also people saying , “ I might not agree with him , and he ’ s gone too far , but I ’ m glad he ’ s not scared to talk about it. ” I ’ m talking about the subject again in my new material . I ’ m talking about case where people aren ’ t trans but they ’ re saying they are to get put into woman ’ s prison where they can rape woman .
 That isn ’ t really a thing , is it ? Oh , yeah , actual thing.3 I say that genuine trans people should be up in arm about this . I ’ m very clear that the perpetrator I ’ m talking about aren ’ t trans people . Then I play with it and get thing wrong within the joke .
 Why do transgender people seem like such ripe subject matter for you ? Is it that you ’ re on some level uncomfortable with it ? It ’ s because of Twitter . You look at Twitter , and it seems like it ’ s trans activist versus TERFs,4 and it ’ s all going to end like a battle scene from “ Game of Thrones. ” Then you go into the real world , and it ’ s not happening at all .
 You might want to spend le time on social medium . I ’ m fine a long a I can properly calibrate what ’ s there online and also still remember to walk outside in the sun .
 That sound like a drug addict saying , “ I ’ m fine a long a I balance my upper and downers. ” I could be wrong . But no , I know I ’ m not . There are idiot on Twitter . But there are idiot on the High Street . They just don ’ t talk to you .
 I imagine it ’ s possible your critic aren ’ t willing to give you credit for the way you move in your stand-up from telling joke intended to be understood a dumb to telling joke intended to be understood a smart . Is that elision part of what bother people ? Well , exactly . I ’ ll have smarta play on religious belief5 or whatever and then go the other way . Most people haven ’ t got the time to analyze the joke , and I go in and out of the parody too fast for some . But a long a I know the target and some people get it and agree with me , I think the joke are justified .
 This is in the realm of a therapist ’ s question , but you often play these character , whether it ’ s David Brent in “ The Office ” or Tony in “ After Life ” who compulsively commit social faux pa . How much of that is you ? Do you feel a if you always have a level of self-awareness about what you ’ re saying ? I try to . I do ironic joke in my social life . All people do that when they joke with each other , and they don ’ t have to explain themselves . Whereas you do feel the need to explain joke to stranger . Deep down , I want those 10,000 stranger who come to see me perform to know I ’ m a nice guy .
 Why ’ d you get into stand-up ? You ’ re not one of these comedian who wa doing it at 20 . No , I wasn ’ t . God , I would have been awful . I didn ’ t know anything . I can ’ t think what I would have talked about . Before I could do it , I had to learn to relate . Getting fat and old and ugly helped with that . I don ’ t know if you ’ ve heard of Simon Amstell . He ’ s a British comedian . He once said something about young , handsome people doing comedy , like , People are already looking at you ; why do you need this ?
 Do you need it ? I don ’ t . I do enjoy it . I didn ’ t enjoy it a much doing “ Humanity. ” I think I wa proud , rather . I approached it differently . With “ Humanity , ” I didn ’ t write it like I did my other special . Instead , I walked out with a can of beer and started talking about stuff , like I do on Twitter . It felt brilliant . The audience engaged straightaway . The other good thing about that special is that the audience ha known me for 15 year . So I could throw in self-referential thing to get over my not being low status anymore . Traditionally in British comedy , a comedian ’ s been wallowing in the mud with the people . But people know what comedian earn now , so I can ’ t go out there and talk about , “ Well , I ’ m on welfare. ” So I get my low status in two way . I talk about money with irony : “ When I flew in a private plane the first time , they thought I wa the cook. ” And the other way I do it is to talk about thing where the audience is better off than me . I talk about being fat and old and having descended testicle .
 Is the idea of being an outsider important to you ? It ’ s really important . But I don ’ t have to be one with people who have paid to see me . They know I ’ m one of them who got lucky . But I do have to be an outsider a host at the Golden Globes . That ’ s when I have to bite the hand that feed me . Imagine if I went out and wa nice to George Clooney ? People at home would be going , “ Who is this [ expletive ] ? ”
 How do you reconcile your need to be an outsider with the fact that you ’ re clearly not one anymore ? I can still be an outsider by reminding people that the Establishment hate me .
 They can ’ t hate you that much . You make TV show . You play arena . I am in a privileged position , but I remind the audience that not everyone like me . And it ’ s sort of true . I ’ m the son of an immigrant laborer , and I wear bad jean and drink [ expletive ] lager . It ’ s all part of the illusion . Audiences need to be on your side . You can ’ t go out and hate an audience and want them to hate you . There ’ s not enough people that would pay for that , you know ? It ’ s still a business . I ’ m not ashamed at making money .
 What ’ s the best thing you ’ ve bought with your money ? Tennis court .
 Are you good ? Oh , no . But it ’ s lovely to have .
 Is there a criticism you ’ ve gotten that you felt wa helpful ? Or even just valid ? I felt bad for the Tim Allen Golden Globes gag . He and Tom Hanks were handing out an award . I said : “ I ’ ll go to our next two presenter . The first ha made over $ 3.5 billion at the box office , won an Oscar blah blah blah . The second is Tim Allen. ” That ’ s unfair . But it ’ s unfair because anyone standing next to Tom Hanks is going to get that treatment .
 Also , who care ? It ’ s a roast joke about Tim Allen . But I don ’ t want Tim Allen to think I mean it . He ’ s had a great career . As long a people go “ That ’ s a bit harsh ” rather than “ Yes , Tim Allen , you [ expletive ] useless … ” I ’ d hate that . It ’ s just he wa the one standing next to Tom Hanks , you know ? I do worry about these thing . Because there wa a person at the end of that joke .
 Hollywood award show are held up these day a of real social importance in a way that they weren ’ t even a few year back . What do you make of that shift ? I ’ ve got nothing against someone using that platform for a political idea . Despite what people think of me , I ’ m not judgmental at all . One minute I can be having a go at Hollywood for taking itself too seriously , then I can be having a go at Trump for caring about Hollywood . And I walk between the two side because I keep my own politics out of my show .
 Why ? Because if you ’ re relying on an audience agreeing with you , you ’ re rallying . It loses something comedically . Comedy is an intellectual pursuit , not an emotional one . That ’ s why I don ’ t do real racist , sexist , homophobic joke .
 I would hope it ’ s because you ’ re not a racist , sexist homophobe . Of course . But I do a lot of joke that aren ’ t “ me , ” and I don ’ t have to remember not to be those thing in my real life . It ’ s like , if you start a joke with “ Why do all Mexicans… ? ” I ’ ll stop you there , because whatever the answer is , they don ’ t . Racist joke don ’ t work comedically . But joke about race can .
 I ’ m surprised you don ’ t think comedy is more emotional . Laughing is . But it ’ s triggered by getting the joke . If you don ’ t agree with a joke ’ s premise , you ’ re not going to be laughing . If Hitler wa here now , telling the best joke in the world , we wouldn ’ t laugh . We ’ d be going , “ What about all the bad [ expletive ] he ’ s done ! ”
 A minute ago you said that comedy loses something if the audience is agreeing with you . I think you ’ re crazy if — Oh , here we go .
 If you believe that a vast majority of the people who buy a ticket for a Ricky Gervais show don ’ t agree with what they believe is your take on sensitive subject . I only play very cosmopolitan area where they ’ re smart enough to get the irony . That come back to the question of why I pick extreme example . Because they ’ re easier for people to get . Particularly when you ’ re doing something contentious , you don ’ t want to start with a misunderstanding . There are no rule , but when we ’ re talking about being canceled and wokeness , it is clearer to pick on someone like John Wayne . Canceled 40 year after his death for not being woke in a 48-year-old issue of Playboy magazine ! 6 His quote were awful . But what are we to do with it ? As an example , I did a joke about taking down Confederate statue . I said : “ They should just have amendment on them . ‘ Great general . A bit racist . ’ ”
 On the subject of cancel-them culture , how do you now think about the work of someone like Louis C.K. ? Or Kevin Hart . Kevin Hart apologized for his homophobic joke . If people don ’ t accept a person ’ s apology for a mistake , there ’ s no value in that person trying to improve . And I hate virtue-signaling . I ’ ll tell you why it ’ s bad . Because the more pathetic people ’ s accusation is , the more these people are saying they ’ re not like the accused . They ’ re saying , “ Look how good I am. ” They ’ re saying , “ I hate that thing because I would never do it. ” Why are you telling u ?
 Presumably because they were offended . If I wanted to get back : “ Well done , Rick ! Keep up the good work , boy ! ” I might a well tweet “ I am not a rapist. ” Please don ’ t use that a the headline .
 You said it . I ’ m in a cold sweat now .
 But to get back to my question . How doe what we know about the behavior of someone like Louis C.K . affect our thinking about the comedy he ha done or is doing now ? It depends on the deed , the accusation , the time , how much you liked them . You make your own mind up . The Louis C.K . thing — is he allowed to gig ? Yeah , he is . Are people allowed to protest ? Yeah , they are . But you can ’ t change history . When his leaked thing came out , I listened to it . People were saying : “ God , it ’ s terrible . He ’ s gone alt-right. ” And it ’ s the same contentious stuff they loved when he did it two year ago !
 I disagree . The problem wa that his new material wa not good . That ’ s an opinion .
 They ’ re hackier joke . But my point is nothing to do with the quality of the material . It ’ s that Louis C.K . isn ’ t suddenly alt-right . People look at him a if he ’ s changed his whole outlook to life and the way he writes joke .
 Let me ask you a question related to “ After Life. ” Yes , best do that . I ’ m already sweating about some of the thing that I ’ ve said .
 The show is about a man who ’ s decided , a a result of grief , to dispense with social nicety . As a famous person and a successful person , do you have a different perspective than the rest of u on the value — or lack of value — of obligatory social behavior that some of u might ditch if we had a little more power ? The reason we ’ re nice to people is because the consequence of not being nice would make our life worse . Why do I lie every day ? Because I don ’ t want to hurt people ’ s feeling . “ Can you come to the christening ? ” “ I can ’ t . I ’ m giving blood at the orphanage. ” I don ’ t say : “ Why would I want to come to a christening of your baby ? It ’ s boring . ”
 Your last show , “ Derek , ” wa so not about irony or bitterness . “ After Life ” ha those element , but it also get at some of the sweetness of “ Derek. ” Do you see the show a in conversation with each other ? I don ’ t . I do treat the show like an exploration into theme . “ Derek ” is my Ph.D. about kindness . “ After Life ” is my Ph.D. about social nicety during grief . “ The Office ” wa my Ph.D. about the mundanity of being thrown together in a 9-to-5 . “ Extras ” wa my Ph.D. about ambition and fame .
 I ’ m curious about what it meant for you that the first project you created , “ The Office , ” wa so highly regarded . Everyone agrees it ’ s great TV . No , they don ’ t . Some people hate it , which is comforting . It reminds me that everyone is different , and opinion are subjective and it doesn ’ t matter .
 People ’ s incorrect negative opinion about “ The Office ” aside , how did the early acclaim shape your self-confidence or self-doubt ? You have to ignore it . You know there ’ s going to be a backlash . With me , it ’ s every six month . For the last 15 , 20 year , at least once a year there ’ s been an article saying this is the end of Ricky Gervais ’ s career . The first time , I thought , Really ? Is it ? The second time , I thought , Is it ? Third time , I went , Here we go . Fourth time , I went , No , it ’ s not . And you should polarize it if you ’ re doing anything mildly artistic .
 I guess there wa someone somewhere who didn ’ t like the Beatles . I didn ’ t .
 Now that ’ s offensive . I preferred the Stones . I do appreciate the Beatles now .
 How do you view the trajectory of your work ? Does “ The Office ” stand apart ? No , but I ’ m always going to have an affection for the show . It wa the first time I ’ d tried my hardest at anything . I ’ m one of those kid that went , “ I didn ’ t study for this exam and still got an A minus . ”
 Do you have a sense of what you ’ d be doing if “ The Office ” had fizzled ? Working in a chapeau shop ? Maybe a haberdashery ? If you want to quote “ Spinal Tap ” line , we ’ ll be here all day ! My favorite is “ too much [ expletive ] perspective. ” Me and Jane7 said that line every day for about 10 year . I sent Chris Guest8 all six episode of “ After Life. ” He sent me back the most beautiful email : “ weeping . ”
 This reminds me of an interview you did in which you recalled a conversation you ’ d had with Christopher Guest . You two had talked about — I think the Englishism you used wa “ going off the boil. ” Yeah , he wa saying , “ What if we ’ re not funny anymore , and we don ’ t know it ? ” I went , “ Who care ? ”
 Do you think a creative person can accurately judge if there ’ s been a decline in his or her work ? Probably not . It depends what your aim is . If it ’ s to keep getting more and more popular , you ’ re probably going to fail . If it ’ s to keep getting paid more , that could work . It ’ s worked for me ! I do get asked , What ’ s your pipe dream ? I ’ d like to live in the middle of the wood . In a mansion . Surrounded by rescue dogs.9 With all the mod con that hermetically seal the mansion so spider can ’ t get in . That ’ s my answer .
 So you ’ re not one of these tortured artist constantly thinking about how to be more successful ? I remember when I wa young and had hair I saw that Michael Caine10 said he ’ d done a “ Jaws ” movie to buy a new house . I thought , Idiot . You let me down . Now I think , Good on him because a house is a real thing . Rotten Tomatoes11 isn ’ t a real thing . So within reason I want to do what I want every day , be proud of the work and have a nice life .
 David Marchese is the magazine ’ s Talk columnist . Read his previous interview with Michael J . Fox and John Legend .
 This interview ha been edited and condensed for clarity from two conversation .

 March 1 , 2019
 March 11 , 2019
 Feb. 22 , 2019
 Advertisement
 Geneticists have begun using old bone to make sweeping claim about the distant past . But their revision to the human story are making some scholar of prehistory uneasy .
 A skull found at a prehistoric burial site near Teouma Bay , on the island nation of Vanuatu.CreditCreditDavid Maurice Smith for The New York Times
 Supported by
 By Gideon Lewis-Kraus
 PART I
 A faint aura of destiny seems to hover over Teouma Bay . It ’ s not so much the landscape , with it ravishing if boilerplate tropical splendor — banana and mango tree , coconut and pandanus palm , bougainvillea , the apprehensive trill of the gray-eared honeyeater — a it is the shape of the harbor itself , which betrays , in the midst of such organic profusion , an aspect of the unnatural . The bay , on the island of Efate in the South Pacific nation Vanuatu , is long , symmetrical and briskly rectangular . In the expected place of wavelet is a blue so calm and unbroken that the sea doesn ’ t so much crash on the land a neatly abut it . From above , it look a though a safe harbor had been engraved in the shoreline by some celestial engineer .
 In late 2003 , while clearing land just above the seaside , a bulldozer driver found a broken piece of pottery in the rubble . The villager of Vanuatu often happen upon shard of timeworn ceramic , which spark an idly mythical curiosity ; they ’ re said to be fragment of Noah ’ s Ark , or the original Ten Commandments , or the burst water vessel of powerful ancestral spirit . These shard are often left alone , but word in this particular case traveled quickly , and the artifact soon found it way to the Vanuatu Cultural Center and National Museum , where Stuart Bedford , a New Zealand archaeologist who had studied local pot shard for year , wa called in to inspect it . He immediately recognized it distinctive pattern — “ dentate stamping , ” an ancient technique so named because it looked a though some tiny-toothed creature had bitten an intricate pattern into the ceramic — and understood that this pottery coincided with the very first movement of ancient people into the South Seas .
 Bedford rushed to the site of the discovery , an old colonial coconut plantation that the bulldozer had been clearing for use a a prawn farm . Further burrowing turned up not only more pottery but also tool of obsidian and a great cache of human bone , which had lain undisturbed and unusually well preserved over thousand of year . The site wa soon identified a the oldest and largest prehistoric cemetery ever found in the Pacific . Everything at the site indicated a founding colony — first arrival to the shore of uninhabited island . Teouma wa , according to Bedford , “ unlike anything anyone had ever seen , or wa likely to see , in this part of the world ever again . ”
 Archaeologists hoped the bone might help provide a clue to the abiding mystery of how anybody had gotten to these far-off coastline in the first place . Vanuatu is a volcanic archipelago of more than 80 island littered in an extended slingshot shape across an 800-mile arc of the South Pacific . Europeans first heard of it existence in 1606 , when a Portuguese navigator stopped through on a brief but violent imperial errand for the Spanish crown . The island were largely left to their own device until the end of the 18th century , when French and British ship arrived to plant their own flag . The two country ruled the archipelago a a joint colony , called the Condominium of the New Hebrides , until independence wa achieved in 1980 . National coherence remains a work in progress . By some measure , Vanuatu is per caput the most linguistically diverse country on the planet : Its quarter-million citizen , predominantly the native ni-Vanuatu , speak a many a 140 different indigenous language and maintain an astonishing variety of cultural practice . A meaningful national identity ha been constructed from a common appreciation of ceremonial pig-tusk bracelet and the taking of kava , a very mild narcotic root that look like primordial pea soup and taste like a fine astringent dirt . Above all , however , the ni-Vanuatu are bound together by the fact of the country ’ s nautical isolation : Their nearest neighbor are hundred of mile in any direction .
 It is the peculiar geography of this isolation that made the Teouma site so significant . Many of the island of the South Pacific are much farther-flung : Easter Island make Vanuatu look like an Australian exurb . But with one very small exception — the tiny eastern outlier of the Solomon Islands — Vanuatu offer the first solid ground on the far side of a major but invisible maritime boundary . On the west side of that border is a string of archipelago called Near Oceania : island chained to one another ( and to the rest of the world ) by line of sight . Prehistoric people , after ten of thousand of year of travel by foot from Africa , had arrived at the end of Southeast Asia and hopscotched their way forward via short sea outing , presumably crossing the narrow channel they encountered on crude watercraft . Finally , however , some 40,000 year ago , their path wa decisively blocked by open ocean . In front of them , across more than 200 mile of empty sea , wa the vast aquatic wilderness of Remote Oceania .
 [ 5 takeaway from this report on ancient DNA research . ]
 That border marked the absolute limit of human expansion for ten of thousand of year , until at last someone sailed out across the naval event horizon and into the unknown . This first traversal wa one of the greatest and most courageous passage in human prehistory . The peopling of Remote Oceania — an obscure exodus that easily rank among the signal triumph of the ancient world — ha inspired awe and vexation for generation . In the mid-20th century , archaeologist came to identify these first voyager with a set of jar and tool unique to the region , the “ Lapita cultural complex , ” and determined that they crossed the boundary into Remote Oceania some 3,000 year ago . Further detail were presumed lost to history .
 But in 2014 , Bedford got another surprise call , this time from a researcher affiliated with a genetics team at Harvard . A small group of pioneering lab scientist had found way to isolate and analyze DNA from ancient bone , method potent enough to inspire a wholesale revision of our knowledge about ancient people . The Harvard operation , which wa then preparing a landmark paper about European origin , now intended to visit their attention upon the South Pacific , and they wanted to know whether Bedford might facilitate access to the Teouma remains . Bedford agreed , and over the next four year , the Harvard team used the DNA they found to present a radical new story about Remote Oceania ’ s first settler .
 Bedford and I met last summer in the hilly and sedate capital of Port-Vila , outside the towering thatched A-frame of the national museum . He is tall and friendly , with a square head , short brown hair , a rancher ’ s open gait and the incessant squint of someone in perpetual communion with the near-hopeless complication of human affair . We climbed into his white Land Cruiser and drove to a tidy village compound outside town . There , Bedford embraced the local chief , Silas Alben , who led u through village garden of banana and tuber to a high limestone cliff with a sprawling view of the Teouma site .
 As we shared the sweating neon flesh of a machete-split papaya , Bedford , now affiliated with the Australian National University , ran through all the reason that the sheltered cove far below — just then rippling beneath a late-afternoon rainbow — would have made an inviting stage for the encounter of an ancient people with a primeval place . For whoever arrived in those first canoe , these empty island offered a bounty of unfished reef , unoccupied land and naïve , slow-moving animal prey ; for those who now studied those first colonist , their arrival represented an important inflection point in human expansion and development . And now , the science of “ paleogenomics ” had coaxed new story of ancient life from the Teouma bone .
 For most of human history , our belief about our origin drew upon oral tradition or the evidence found in ancient text . One 17th-century scholar calculated , on the basis of biblical genealogy , that the creation happened in 4004 B.C . ; subsequent refinement settled on the date of Oct. 23 . Sir Isaac Newton criticized the ancient Egyptians for the “ vanity ” of their own calendrical reckoning , which placed the beginning of their monarchy before the existence of the world . As the pre-eminent British archaeologist Colin Renfrew once put it , “ For an educated man in the 17th or even the 18th century , any suggestion that the human past extended back further than 6,000 year wa a vain and foolish speculation . ”
 It wasn ’ t long before a series of scientific intervention pried open human prehistory to methodical study . Two great advance of 1859 helped cement the view that 4004 B.C . wa not , in fact , the starting point of all human activity . The first wa the argument , made by a geologist and an antiquarian , that animal remains found alongside stone tool in Britain and France proved the antiquity of the human race . The second wa the publication of Darwin ’ s “ On the Origin of Species , ” which wa incompatible with both the specific of biblical creationism and the more general proposition that the world wa only a few thousand year old . It wa all of a sudden widely plausible that stuff in the ground had been there for an unimaginably long time .
 Before anyone could even begin to tell an ordered story about what might have happened , however , there needed to be a way to differentiate what happened sooner from what happened later . In the early 20th century , geologist and archaeologist began to draw upon contemporary observation of regular sedimentary deposit to project elementary prehistorical “ clock ” backward in time . The end of the last ice age , for example , wa set at about 10,000 year ago . Archaeologists then realized that they could cross-reference these geological clock with the earliest written document , ancient Egyptian and Mesopotamian record that reached back 4,000 or 5,000 year . If geological time could be roughly calibrated everywhere , and if even a smattering of place had left behind calendar , recorded history could be tied to sedimentary chronology and true date derived from the ground .
 This wa heralded a a magnificent advance . The trouble , a it turned out , wa that an emphasis on written record from Egypt and the Middle East prompted scholar to take for granted the cultural superiority of those early civilization and to make major assumption on that basis — Stonehenge , for example , simply had to have followed the majesty of the Great Pyramids .
 In 1949 , the invention of radiocarbon dating , by the American physical chemist Willard F. Libby , turned the whole field upside down . By giving cosmically certain date rather than cross-referenced estimation , radiocarbon dating undermined virtually all of archaeology ’ s basic premise . ( Stonehenge could not have been patterned after the Great Pyramids if it wa built at the same time a Giza . ) There wa stubborn resistance to the new lab result . These date , pronounced one vaunted Edinburgh archaeologist with a now-notorious sniff , are “ archaeologically unacceptable. ” By the early 1960s , they could no longer be ignored , and a new generation of archaeologist gutted the discipline and rebuilt it with very different assumption — one that did not rely on the idea that a few people of first-rate culture and pedigree had been responsible for humanity ’ s major step forward .
 If prehistorians had learned one hard lesson from chemist , their colleague in biology department were slowly laying the groundwork for another . In 1967 , the molecular biologist Allan Wilson at the University of California , Berkeley , along with one of his student , Vincent Sarich , demonstrated that evolutionary relationship between specie could be determined not only from fossil but also , via a quantitative analysis of blood protein , from living specimen . Humans and ape , Wilson found , diverged only five million year ago — far more recently than previously believed .
 Within the decade , researcher trained in the discipline of population genetics would get in on the historical act . Every contemporary genome is a mosaic of individual tile passed along from thousand of ancestor ; each of u thus contains not only our “ own ” ancestry but those of multitude . With each new generation , random mutation , like misspelling , are introduced into a population ; some of these will disappear over time , but others will increase in frequency until they are common enough to become a statistically significant part of a population ’ s genetic signature . If two population have been distinct for a long time — that is , if people from one don ’ t tend to mate with people from the other — they will share fewer of these mutation ; if they encountered each other and were fruitful , their mutation frequency will overlap . These insight could be made relevant to prehistorians insofar a they could demonstrate that modern human population were forged in the mixture of ancient one . It wa still mostly impossible , though , to conclude anything about when these group might have mixed , or where , or how .
 The answer to those question required not just contemporary genetic data but actual prehistoric DNA . The idea that it might be preserved in old specimen ha been around since 1984 , when Wilson announced that his lab had extracted DNA from the salted skin of a quagga , an extinct equine specie with the head of a zebra and the haunch of a donkey . The further possibility suggested by ancient DNA were awarded a special place in the public imagination by the 1993 release of Steven Spielberg ’ s “ Jurassic Park. ” But even a the journal Nature capitalized on the premiere with a paper that sequenced the DNA of an amber-trapped weevil — a study rendered dubious after widespread speculation that the sample had been contaminated with the researcher ’ own DNA — observer wondered whether the sequencing of ancient genome wa just a neat trick or research of actual value .
 Over the past few year , a growing cohort of scientist ha at last produced a fantastic answer . Ancient DNA , they believe , not only allows u to cut through what scholar once wrote off a “ wrapped in a thick fog ” of “ heathendom. ” It promise nothing le than what the Harvard geneticist David Reich ha called “ the genome revolution in the study of the human past . ”
 David Reich ’ s lab is folded into a corner of a glassy , long-corridored labyrinth at Harvard Medical School . The only exterior advertisement of the nature of his research are large mounted map of landforms all around the world . One afternoon last fall , a I stood and examined a continent , Reich materialized beside me . He is a long-limbed man with a lithe , almost balletic figure , and he wore a closefitting pullover and fading coral chino . Though his hairline ha receded and the curl behind his ear are graying , a boyish precocity make him seem much younger than his 44 year . He led me swiftly past a confab of postdoc and into his windowed office . There wa very little in the way of adornment , save a ghostly , truncated branch of the Indo-European language tree ( “ Greek , ” “ Armenian ” ) that someone had sketched out , on the wall over his desk , with what looked a permanent marker .
 In his recent book , Reich rank the “ ancient-DNA revolution ” with the invention of the microscope . Ancient DNA , his research suggests , can explain with more certainty and detail than any previous technique the course of human evolution , history and identity — a he put it in the book ’ s title , “ Who We Are and How We Got Here. ” Though Reich work with sample that are thousand or ten of thousand of year old , the phrase “ ancient DNA ” encompasses any old genetic material that ha been heavily degraded , and Reich ’ s work ha been made possible only by a series of technological and procedural advance . Researchers in the field ship or hand-carry the bone to Harvard , where clean-suited technician expose them to ultraviolet light to prevent contamination , then bore hole in them with dental drill . These skeletal remains are often rare — one pinkie-finger fragment that researcher in a lab in Leipzig used to demonstrate the existence of a long-extinct form of archaic human wa one of only four such bone ever found . Minuscule portion of genetic code are isolated and enriched , then read by expensive sequencer ; statistical technique then plot the relationship between this particular sample and thousand more in enormous data set .
 Reich inherited from his parent a humanistic bent : His mother , Tova , is a novelist of some renown ; his father , Walter , is a psychiatrist who wa the first director of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington . He entered Harvard with an inclination toward social study , but halfway through , in pursuit of greater rigor , he switched to physic ; after graduation , he went to Oxford , where he studied biochemistry with the idea that he might go on to medical school . The impression he give when talking about these year is one of restless intellectual ambition in search of a commensurate object . He eventually returned to Oxford to complete a doctorate , in zoology , where he at last found a sense of belonging in the lineage of Luca Cavalli-Sforza , a population geneticist who spearheaded effort to make historical inquiry resemble a hard science .
 After abandoning medical school at Harvard for a postdoc at M.I.T. , Reich returned to Harvard to establish his own medical-genetics lab . His chief interest lay in the effort to design novel statistical approach to better explain how population were related to one another . He showed , for example , on the basis of contemporary genetic data , that modern Indians are in fact a product of two highly distinct group , one that had been on the subcontinent for thousand of year and another that formed more recently .
 He got his first opportunity to study ancient DNA when Svante Paabo — a Swedish geneticist who had worked with Wilson — enlisted Reich in his effort , based out of a lab in Leipzig , to sequence the entirety of the Neanderthal genome . Reich ’ s analysis helped demonstrate that most living human , with the general exception of sub-Saharan Africans , have some Neanderthal ancestry . “ It wa clear with the sequencing of the Neanderthal , ” Reich told me in his office , “ that this wa obviously the best data in the world in any type of science. ” It didn ’ t just tell you that Indians were a mixed group ; it could , in theory , specify the moment where and when that mixture began .
 So in 2013 , Reich , along with a veteran of Paabo ’ s lab and a longtime mathematician collaborator , retooled his shop at Harvard Medical School a one of the country ’ s first dedicated ancient-DNA lab . The idea , he writes in his book , “ wa to make ancient DNA industrial — to build an American-style genomics factory ” that would liberate such field a archaeology , history and anthropology from hitherto insoluble debate .
 He wa more successful than even he anticipated . By the end of 2010 , only five ancient genome had been sequenced in total , but in 2014 , 38 were done in one year . Soon the number will be close to 2,000 . Reich ’ s lab alone is responsible for at least half of the published output , which doesn ’ t include some 5,500 more bone in the process of being analyzed and 3,000 more in storage . “ Ancient DNA and the genome revolution , ” he declares in his book ’ s introductory overture , “ can now answer a previously unresolvable question about the deep past : the question of what happened . ”
 Everybody pretty much agrees that the story of what happened began in Africa , with the evolution of modern human ; later , a of 50,000 to 100,000 year ago , the human story continued on the other continent . As Reich see it , the study of ancient DNA ha disproved our conjecture about what happened next . One longtime premise is that a these early human spread out in all direction over the land , group of them encountered place that struck their fancy , pitched their tent and more or le stayed “ home ” for the duration of prehistory . This is not just a pet theory of academic prehistorians but the natural way that human being have tended , over the millennium , to connect their identity to where they live . The ni-Vanuatu , for example , take for granted their eternal tie to the archipelago ; their oral tradition ascribe their origin to some nonhuman feature of the landscape , their first ancestor having emerged from a stone , say , or a coconut tree . Nonindigenous people seek the same rootedness in consumer ancestry service like 23andMe , which declare that they ’ re “ Spanish ” or “ Yoruba . ”
 Reich belief he ha proved , to the contrary , that human history is marked not by stasis and purity but by movement and cross-pollination . People who live in a place today often bear no genetic resemblance to people who lived there thousand of year ago , so the idea that something in your blood make you meaningfully Spanish is absurd . Paabo had shown that early human mated with Neanderthals , but that wa only one small part of the swirling “ admixture ” that characterized human interbreeding . Even after the Neanderthals became extinct , roughly 40,000 year ago , the archaic human population of the earth — Reich give them name like Ancient North Eurasians — were utterly unlike the population we see today .
 While Paabo continued to work on the Neanderthal period , Reich devoted his energy to obtaining sample from the last 10,000 or so year — the historical domain of archaeologist . Ancient DNA ’ s “ big bang , ” a more than one geneticist described it to me , came with the 2015 publication , in Nature , of a Reich paper called “ Massive Migration From the Steppe Was a Source for Indo-European Languages in Europe. ” On the basis of genetic information culled from 69 ancient individual dug up by collaborating archaeologist in Scandinavia , Western Europe and Russia , the paper argued that Europeans aren ’ t quite who they thought they were . About 5,000 year ago , a “ relatively sudden ” mass migration of nomadic herder from the east — the steppe of eastern Ukraine and southern Russia — swept in and almost entirely replaced existing community of hunter-gatherer and early farmer in Central and Northern Europe . These newcomer were known to exploit many of the cutting-edge technology of the time : the domestication of horse , the wheel and , perhaps most salient , ax and spearhead of copper . ( Their corps sometimes featured cutting-edge wound . )
 The Reich team inferred that the major source of contemporary European ancestry — and probably Indo-European language a well — wa not , in fact , from Europe but from far to the east . And this discovery , confirmed by the near-simultaneous publication of almost identical result from a competing ancient-DNA lab in Denmark , had monumental implication for science ’ s understanding of the whole ancient world . Great migration event — like the movement of Siberian people into North America or the spread of voyager into the Pacific — were not outlier but the norm . After Europe and India , there were similar mass migration identified in Africa , the Middle East and Southeast Asia . No one ever expected that we could possibly amass so much new evidence about the human past . And no one wa producing this work at the pace and throughput of David Reich and his genomics factory . Most scientist felt lucky if they published one or at the most two Nature paper in a lifetime . Reich wa publishing three or four a year .
 There wa an obvious pattern to the great migratory arrow freshly drawn across world geography , which were often coincident with the spread of technology or agricultural practice . Earlier paleogenomic result established thousand of year of heady mixture among long-forgotten ancient population . With the relatively recent rise of everything we associate with “ culture ” — technology like agriculture , metallurgy and eventually writing — much of this continuous “ admixture ” began to give way , it seemed , to discontinuous episode better characterized a “ replacement ” or “ turnover. ” That is , about 5,000 to 9,000 year ago , human history wa , at least in a few crucial place , le about various group coming together and more about some group blotting out their neighbor .
 This wa not only relevant a an eccentricity of prehistoric demography , but broadly consequential for the ongoing study of culture itself — of where new idea come from and how they proliferate . When we thought of population a stationary and largely stable , we assumed that whatever evolutionary progress they made , from toolmaking to agriculture , reflected either a native innovation or the incorporation of some adjacent group ’ s avant-garde practice . Now it seemed a though culture wa le about the invention and spread of new idea and more about the mass movement of particular people — and the resulting integration , outcompetition or extermination of the community they overran . Previously , it wa possible to think about prehistory a a kind of grand bazaar . Now the operative metaphor ( a multiple science journalist observed ) wa more like Risk , or even “ Game of Thrones . ”
 The ancient-DNA revolution seemed unlikely to have anything to say about Oceania , where the heat and humidity made the preservation of DNA implausible . But in 2014 , Stuart Bedford got that second surprise call , from a Dublin-based archaeologist named Ron Pinhasi , a frequent Reich collaborator and procurer of sample . Pinhasi had discovered that the inner ear ’ s petrous bone , one of the densest in the body , often preserved vast quantity of genetic material . Could he and Reich examine the skull of Teouma ? In Vanuatu , human remains are often associated with ancestral spirit and are thus taboo — understandably , Bedford emphasized to me , explaining that he wouldn ’ t be comfortable digging up and boring into “ Granddad. ” But in this case , the ni-Vanuatu expressed no reservation : Local oral tradition contained no sacred reference to the Teouma dead , and Chief Alben gave his blessing . One of Bedford ’ s colleague opened the skull in a workshop warren behind the national museum , extracted the nubbin of petrous bone and shipped them to Dublin , where they were sandblasted . There turned out to be DNA in three of the sample . It wa the first to be found in the tropic and suggested the opening of wide new front in ancient-DNA research .
 The skull of Teouma were particularly interesting to paleogenomicists not only because they produced the first ancient DNA in the Pacific but because their genetic evidence could be brought to bear on an outstanding debate in the region . The pivotal moment in Pacific archaeological history happened in 1952 , when a team of researcher found a cache of dentate-stamped pot at a place called Lapita in New Caledonia , a French collectivity to the southwest of Vanuatu . More than 200 site eventually turned up nearly duplicate version of this innovation across an enormous span of the region . The pot were often found with particular variety of preserved plant and nut , a well a stone adz . Whoever made those pot some 3,000 year ago had traveled across more than 2,000 mile of ocean — from near Papua New Guinea to Tonga and Samoa — in perhaps a little a 10 generation . As Patrick V. Kirch , the dean of American archaeology in the Pacific , once put it , “ Without a doubt , the Lapita colonization of Remote Oceania rank a one of the great saga of world prehistory . ”
 Where had this “ Lapita ” culture come from , and who were the people associated with it ? Over the last 50 year , a collaboration among archaeologist , linguist , botanist , ecologist , geologist and more had produced some form of consensus . A population of early farmer departed from Taiwan about 5,000 year ago , with the help of the newly developed outrigger canoe . They moved down through the Philippines and the Spice Islands , along the northern coast of New Guinea and eventually out to the Bismarck Archipelago , more or le the limit of Near Oceania ; the “ tracer dye ” for their path wa the language family they left behind , one known a Austronesian . Along the way , they encountered population of “ Papuans ” — a generic shorthand for highly distinct group of people who had been in the Papua New Guinea region for 40,000 year . The interaction between the incoming “ Austronesians , ” another shorthand for whoever wa presumably spreading those language , and the indigenous Papuans created the constellation of practice that would become known a Lapita . Finally , the people now associated with Lapita sailed into the blankness of the open ocean for the first time , crossing the Remote Oceania divide to Vanuatu and , from there , outward to the farthest reach of the Pacific .
 Archaeologists differed , often bitterly , on the detail , but a Reich describes it in his book , the prevailing opinion wa that “ the Lapita archaeological culture wa forged during a period of intense exchange between people ultimately originating in the farming center of China ( via Taiwan ) and New Guineans. ” This certainly made intuitive sense . The people of contemporary Vanuatu are black , like the Papuan people of New Guinea , but they speak Austronesian language that can ultimately be traced to Asia . Reich believed that the existing consensus wa the perfect sort of hypothesis to put to the ancient-DNA test . The Austronesians and the Papuans had been separated by at least 40,000 year of genetic differentiation , which meant that it would be very easy to discriminate by genetic signature . Would the sample taken from the skull at Teouma show a closer relationship to the people of nearby Papua or the people of distant Asia ?
 In October 2016 , the paper — with such well-regarded Pacific archaeologist a Stuart Bedford and his mentor , Matthew Spriggs of the Australian National University , among the 31 author — wa published in Nature a “ Genomic Insights Into the Peopling of the Southwest Pacific. ” The analysis of ancient DNA from three 3,000-year-old skull from Teouma , along with one skull dated a few hundred year later from Tonga , appeared to provide unambiguous confirmation of Lapita heritage . The First Remote Oceanians , a the paper call them , were not , after all , a heterogenous group ; they were of unmixed Asian descent .
 The paper suggested that the old archaeological consensus — that the Lapita advance reflected the joint contribution of Austronesian and Papuan people — could be replaced by a much starker story . The genetic record can be more “ parsimoniously explained , ” the author remark , by at least two separate migration to Vanuatu : first , the Austronesians , with their East Asian ancestry , and then , hundred of year later , the Papuans . This wasn ’ t a story of “ admixture ” but one of successive wave of migratory “ turnover . ”
 These result were published two year earlier , but a we sat in his silent office , Reich still betrayed some enduring wonder at his revelation . He reminded me that he hadn ’ t been trained a an archaeologist and had thus come to these debate a an outsider . In the broadest conceptual term , though , he saw the lesson of this once-enigmatic Lapita migration to be exceedingly profound . “ I think the important finding for archaeologist and for historian and sociologist and anthropologist is that this group moved thousand of kilometer over many hundred of year , through a region occupied by long-established , sophisticated people , and hardly mixed with them. ” He observed that “ essentially everybody wa surprised. ” They were surprised , in part , because archaeologist since the 1960s had been trained never to assume the purity or coherence of a people , a slippery slope to the conclusion that certain people came by their advantage “ naturally . ”
 But the data seemed indisputable . “ Now we can establish that definitively . That ’ s what this technology allows u to do . And then they ” — meaning all those other discipline , which heretofore had overseen the study of prehistory — “ can get on with answering what really matter , which is try to interpret what happened . ”
 He paused . “ But I think that basically everybody , almost without exception — except for very extreme people — is excited about this data in archaeology . ”
 PART II
 The primary characteristic of the deepest reach of the past , especially for the sort of observer whose paramount concern are those of the present , is the accommodating silence found there . The quieter an epoch on it own term , the more loudly it can be made to speak , in the way of a ventriloquist ’ s dummy , for ours . The study of ancient people — or of the “ primitive ” one often taken to stand in a their contemporary proxy — ha been framed by our preference for simple , just-so story of origin and trajectory . Archaeologists , who feel a though they learned this lesson long ago , thus survey the rapid rise of ancient DNA with an overwhelming sense of déjà vu . By once again giving “ migration ” pride of place in the story of prehistory , paleogenomics ha resurrected some old intellectual ghost .
 By the time radiocarbon dating had come of age , in the postcolonial ferment of the 1960s , archaeology wa already primed to relinquish it emphasis on narrative of migration . In the 1910s , a German named Gustaf Kossinna turned his personal fixation on heightened Proto-Germanic Barbarian activity after the fall of Rome into a theory , “ settlement archaeology , ” that emphasized the glory of the German nation . For Kossinna , a given material culture — a uniformity in pottery style , say — wa the index of a coherent people , and it wa the destiny of the Germans , greater than even that of the Romans , to extend their superior Aryan culture from their homeland to the end of the earth . The Nazis were more than happy to put these claim into service , and even academic with better politics became convinced that the driver of human progress wa the roving exogenous shock of migratory adventure . As Colin Renfrew described it : “ Prehistory wa seen a a kind of global chessboard , with the various culture a piece shifting from square to square . The task of the archaeologist wa simply to plot the move — or , in other word , trace the path of the ‘ influence ’ a new idea were diffused . ”
 The brutal ramification of settlement archaeology , when combined with the dramatic introduction of radiocarbon dating , shook the entire discipline to it foundation . The disruption wa so major that the profession felt it had to rehabilitate itself a the “ New Archaeology. ” This new generation of practitioner agreed that just because similar pot were found in various place didn ’ t mean they were all made by one homogeneous group of people . Instead , archaeologist retreated to a much more modest and fine-comb preoccupation with what they called the “ processual ” : very particular inquiry into very particular societal dynamic . They paid much closer attention to how individual culture appeared to change and grow over time and much le attention to how Culture Had Changed — to the fantasy that some special key will unlock the secret of history . This left a big-picture vacuum that paleogenomicists like Reich have been eager to fill .
 The resulting schism ha been easy to caricature a the old struggle between hard scientist and humanist — a suspicion of all geneticist a quantitative imperialist , a derision of all archaeologist a sentimental Luddites — but that isn ’ t quite accurate . Many archaeologist are thrilled about the arrival of the first genuinely new form of prehistoric data in generation . The more meaningful division is between two alternate intellectual attitude : those bewitched by grand historical narrative , who believe that there is something both detailed and definitive to say about the very largest question , and those who wearily warn that such adventure rarely end well .
 Archaeologists shouldn ’ t necessarily care . They remain theoretically free to continue doing thing at processual pace , paying thorough attention to historic context and indigenous sensitivity . Even those who are enthusiastic about ancient-DNA research — not only for the new data it provides but for the vigor it ha brought to their field — could in principle choose to partner only with geneticist who respect their priority and expertise ; after all , they are the one who dig the sample out of the ground , and nobody is forcing them to surrender their treasure at gunpoint . Collaborations between geneticist and archaeologist on an even footing have produced well-received study that plot , say , the family tree in a medieval cemetery .
 But in practice , the paleogenomicists have totally altered the environment in which prehistory is being studied by everyone . The landscape is dominated by four well-funded , well-connected lab , three of which — Paabo ’ s in Leipzig , along with those of two of his protégés , Reich at Harvard and Johannes Krause , who run a newer outfit in the small German city Jena — collaborate closely with one another , to the point that some critic accuse them of collusion . The power of these top lab extends to sample , data and even technology : Proprietary chemical reagent let them isolate and enrich ancient sample much more accurately and cost-effectively than other lab can . One geneticist compared competing with the big lab to battling an entire navy “ with a little dinghy , armed with a small knife. ” Another told me : “ A small lab focusing on a particular site would not be able to place their work in the context of the bigger picture . The only way I can get access to that data is if I give my bone to David or Johannes and wait until they process it — and bury me in the list of contributor to their paper . ”
 The selective pressure to collaborate with this state-of-the-art oligopoly is extremely strong , not only because of their advantage in funding , speed and operational scale but also because of the relationship they enjoy with the top-tier journal . Publication in a title like Nature or Science can utterly transform a young scholar ’ s career , enhancing both the prospect of tenure and the ability to secure grant funding . The rush to corner the market on old bone in some “ understudied ” place or time period ha placed a high premium on virtually all sample , creating perverse incentive for researcher to procure these scarce , nonrenewable resource . The only entry fee for a 27th or 53rd author slot in this “ free-for-all bonanza of Nature paper ” ( a one geneticist described it to me ) is the cost of a bone shipment and a minimal account of it basic archaeological provenance . Multiple researcher told me that it wasn ’ t unusual for junior author to be given just day to review a finished manuscript , with little input into it broader framing . ( Reich , Krause and Paabo all dispute this , saying they couldn ’ t think of any example in which co-authors were given such a short time to review a manuscript . )
 There thus reign , in the world of ancient DNA , an atmosphere of intense suspicion , anxiety and paranoia , among archaeologist and geneticist alike . In dozen of interview with practitioner of both discipline , almost everyone requested anonymity for fear of professional reprisal . Many archaeologist described a “ smash and grab ” culture in which hopeful co-authors source their bone by any mean necessary . Among team at work on any given excavation , it take only a single colleague to deliver a bone to one of the industrial giant for the entire group to lose control of their finding . Museums , too , are being swept up by the perverse incentive : One of the geneticist told me story about having brokered an agreement to sample a particular collection , only to arrive and discover that someone else showed up the previous day to claim the same bone under a false pretense . The weaker the institution of the country , the harder it is for local researcher to have a fighting chance . Scientists in Turkey and Mexico told me that museum curator routinely had to explain that they had promised their native bone collection elsewhere . As one ancient-DNA researcher in Turkey put it to me , “ Certain geneticist see the rest of world a the 19th-century colonialist saw Africa — a raw-material opportunity and nothing else . ”
 ( Reich , Krause and Paabo strenuously denied the characterization of their lab a colluding in a manner that harm competitor . Krause noted that his lab employ student and scientist from 30 nation and support foreign researcher . Reich commented via email : “ The fact that the substantial majority of the world ’ s human ancient DNA data ha been produced by a small number of laboratory is not because of any special access to sample , but rather because of the high quality of work these laboratory deliver . ” )
 It ha not gone unnoticed that the stunning , magisterial sweep of genetic revisionism , on the one hand , and a genetic emphasis on radical prehistoric migration , on the other , bear more than a little in common . Some anthropologist and archaeologist accept this analogy with gallows humor . One told me that I should model this article after the format of the standard Nature paper : “ Ancient DNA Reveals Massive Population Turnovers in the Humanities , ” she suggested a a title , and proposed this a an abstract : “ The aristocratic lab scientist arrived with their superior technology and displaced the pre-existing researcher and their primitive truth-implements and overcomplicated belief system . ”
 Others saw le to laugh at . Some archaeologist who had collaborated on the 2015 paper about Indo-European invasion withdrew their name to protest conclusion they saw a echo of Kossinna — the mass migration of advanced Indo-Europeans into Central Europe . ( Reich got the critic back on board by adding a note , on Page 138 of their paper ’ s 141-page supplementary material , that said their work in fact contradicted Kossinna , not because he wa wrong about mass migration but on a technicality : The European ancestral homeland had , in fact , been far to the east , near the Caucasus and nowhere near present-day Germany . ) The analogue wa hard to counter . Geneticists had indeed swept down from their laboratory enclave to extend their sovereignty over what had always been the terrain of archaeology . And no single individual had a much influence or power a Reich .
 Migration in the Pacific had never been quite a fraught a it wa elsewhere ; the people had obviously shown up from someplace . Or rather , this had been obvious to outsider , if not to the local . Upon our return from the Teouma overlook , Bedford went off to catch up on village gossip , and I sat with Chief Alben in the shade of a stout , leggy banyan tree , it exposed root system rising from the earth like a half-exhumed skeleton . Alben is a hale and jovial older man with a round paunch and a push-broom mustache . For year , he ha participated in a volunteer fieldworker program that train the ni-Vanuatu to record and preserve their local tradition amid the creep of global monoculture and to pay attention to the sort of archaeological find they might otherwise ignore .
 I asked him about how the concept of Lapita migration to empty island had been received by people whose oral tradition said they came from a stone or a coconut tree . After the Teouma find , the national post issued a special commemorative stamp — “ Lapita People : The Pacific ’ s Original Explorers ” — with an artist ’ s recreation of a colonial Eden that showed men and woman , drawn black to resemble the ni-Vanuatu , cleaning fish and making camp , and Bedford printed pamphlet for schoolchildren that explained that the Lapita were the grandfather of grandfather of grandfather . Now Reich ’ s research had raised the prospect that they bore not even a passing resemblance to Vanuatu ’ s earliest settler .
 In the wake of the initial discovery at Teouma , Alben replied , he explained to his villager that there wa nothing surprising in the fact that the grandfather of grandfather of grandfather had once come from someplace else . “ Our kastom teach u that people moved from place to place to place , ” he told me . Kastom is an expansive concept that includes tradition , history , land right and social norm ; local kastom varies tremendously across the more than 80 island of Vanuatu , but the notion itself ha become sacrosanct for the continuity and authority it provided in the aftermath of colonial occupation .
 Alben told me he had been stymied by the practicality , though . “ Maybe these Lapita people came from Asia ! How ? How ? ! How can these people come here ? ”
 He waited for me to answer , but it wasn ’ t clear what he meant ; I shrugged and ventured a timid , “ Canoe ? ”
 He shook with laughter at such a painfully obvious answer . His question wa not about what they used to cross the water but how they founded a way of life that endured until today . “ They took the coconut ” — he pointed off to his left — “ and they took the breadfruit ” — he pointed off to his right — “ and they put it into the canoe . When the canoe land , they plant. ” The people , in other word , were tied to the land by what they had brought with them . On the road out of Port-Vila , I ’ d made an idle remark to Bedford about the primeval greenery around u ; he corrected me to say that what looked like jungle wa actually under heavy cultivation .
 The ni-Vanuatu were not accustomed to thinking about history for it own sake , instead expecting that any story you told about the past necessarily gave form and guidance to the present . If kastom told you that your people came from a stone near the lagoon , that wa relevant for ongoing dispute about who now deserved to till that land . The idea that in some abstract , scientific way they were “ really ” from somewhere else didn ’ t mean anything unless there wa a direct contemporary moral .
 They did know , however , that what had often been presented to them a abstract scientific knowledge routinely concealed some practical agenda . The first European explorer in the region , even if they weren ’ t quite so forthrightly instrumental about it , also interpreted the history of the South Seas to suit their own contemporary concern — both imperial and philosophical . Pacific Islanders , marooned in what were seen a the natural laboratory of primal isolation , were enlisted a the “ noble savage ” of Enlightenment fantasy . The question of who they were and where they had come from became lively topic . Some ventured that they were refugee from the Lost Continent of Mu . Others tried to classify them in a way that would accord with their own pet-scientific notion of cultural evolution . The French explorer Dumont d ’ Urville , who first sighted Vanuatu in the 1820s , proposed a tripartite scheme that unfortunately endured : There were the Polynesians ( “ many island ” ) , the lighter-skinned people who inhabited an enormous triangle of the Eastern Pacific bounded by Hawaii , New Zealand and Easter Island ; the Micronesians ( “ small island ” ) , who lived on the atoll of the Western Pacific north of the Equator ; and , always finally , the Melanesians ( “ dark island ” ) , the dark-skinned people east of New Guinea who spanned the divide between Near and Remote Oceania . Europeans fixated on the difference between the Melanesians and the Polynesians , imagining the Polynesians a a kind of laggard aristocracy , comparable to the ancient Greeks , and the Melanesians a naturally backward black people .
 And so , when it came to the question of how ancient people had populated the Pacific , the most persistent proposal rested on racial typology . The Melanesians obviously came from in and around Papua , which wa relatively nearby and inhabited by “ savage ” black people , whereas the lighter-skinned and more “ advanced ” Polynesians probably sojourned via heroic open-sea navigation from Asia . Anything “ superior ” — technology or social structure — wa linked to the migratory intervention of exceptional group from distant shore . The European colonial enterprise wa thus justified a part of the natural relationship of incoming enlightenment and indigenous savagery .
 The ni-Vanuatu are not unaware of the region ’ s racialized history , or of it racialized present . As Bedford and I drove back to town , the only visible graffiti wa a reminder of regional Melanesian pride : “ Free West Papua , ” a show of racial solidarity with the black resident of the western half of New Guinea , a persecuted colonial possession of Indonesia since the early 1960s . A new sort of colonial anxiety , meanwhile , is manifesting itself about the Chinese , who have been investing heavily in the country . The old shop on Port-Vila ’ s main harborside drag have been replaced by cheap Chinese joint hawking souvenir ukulele , and the new luxury-condominium development above downtown advertise “ Hong Kong Apartment-Style Life ” over image of white and Asian people in infinity pool .
 Bedford and his archaeologist colleague on Vanuatu are known for their long tenure in the country and their keen acquaintance with local sensitivity , and it wa only on their bond that the Teouma petrous bone were sent abroad for sandblasting . Now their name were on a genetics paper arguing that the ni-Vanuatu ’ s ancestor were not Lapita after all , but latecomer to an archipelago first settled by purely Asian expedition .
 As it happens , this radical claim wa not a definitively accepted a the published paper seemed to show : Serious challenge to it soundness were laid out during Nature ’ s peer-review process . And yet , in a highly unusual move , the paper wa accepted over steadfast opposition from two of the three original peer reviewer on it anonymous panel . Confidential document made available to me reveal deep concern with the paper ’ s method and it conclusion .
 Among the two objecting reviewer , the methodological critique — both on the level of archaeological context and that of data analysis — were paramount . “ It seems to me that a significant question , ” Reviewer Two writes , “ is whether these individual were actually ‘ Lapita people , ’ assuming that such a thing exists. ” The paper listed six of the nine skull found at Teouma , though the team had only successfully extracted ancient DNA from three of them . “ In addition , ” Reviewer Two continues , “ it seems clear that these skull were not related to the 100+ individual excavated from the Teouma site . That is , the skull do not fit the body . Clearly there wa a complex set of tradition around these burial including decapitation at some time before or after initial burial . I am curious a to whether these skull might have been kept by relative and only later ( perhaps much later ) ( re ) buried at Teouma , ” a tradition among some indigenous group .
 Even if the skull were the same age a the rest of the bone at the cemetery , there wa still the matter of how oddly they had been interred — one inside a jar , the others arrayed like a shield across another skeleton ’ s chest . “ This seems to suggest , ” Reviewer Two add , “ that the three people were special in some way . Hence I am concerned about drawing too many conclusion from such a small number of individual plus individual who were certainly not a random sample of the population. ” Shouldn ’ t the collaborating archaeologist have pointed all this out ?
 The study ’ s author , the objecting reviewer insist , had made disproportionate or even wholly unwarranted claim on the basis of both the archaeological and genetic evidence they had provided . Yes , the Teouma skull came from an important site , and yes , the new data they provided wa a fascinating additional piece of evidence . But they still just represented three sample from one site on one island , and the objecting reviewer noted that Reich ’ s inference could have been skewed by what one of them called “ bias in the method ” — the set of assumption necessitated by his complex statistical model . Meanwhile , the contemporary sample they used for historical comparison weren ’ t even from Vanuatu , but from potentially unrelated regional community used a proxy . “ In my opinion , ” Reviewer Three wrote , “ this paper doe not merit a significant advancement over current study and the lack of detail regarding basic data description is frustrating . ”
 The paper ’ s purchase on significance , then , seemed to have le to do with it originality than with it certainty . The title of the first submission wa “ Ancient DNA Documents Multiple Human Migrations Into the South Pacific , ” and it presumed to offer the final word on the history and ancestry of an entire region . Three contemporaneous sample might be sufficient for a modest paper about the Teouma site , but modest paper about one archaeological site in Vanuatu are not the sort of thing Nature is in the business of publishing . “ In the light of these various comment , ” an editor wrote to the reviewer , “ we have declined publication of this study. ” There is a clear distinction , at Nature and elsewhere , between a rejection and a call to revise and resubmit . “ Rejection mean rejection , ” one geneticist told me , “ and rejection is final . ”
 Yet the Reich team proceeded to revise . They were aided in this by their colleague at the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History , in Jena . Its director of archaeogenetics , Johannes Krause , had worked alongside Reich in Paabo ’ s lab . When the Jena team heard that the Oceania paper had been found wanting for further regional sample — sample that would allow them to expand their claim beyond simply Vanuatu — one doctoral candidate remembered that their inventory contained a stray petrous bone from a site in Tonga , one already found to contain readable DNA . It wa , fortuitously , highly relevant to Reich ’ s Oceania work , and the data wa forwarded along in due course .
 On the basis of this single additional ancient bone , the Reich lab resubmitted their paper , and a fourth reviewer wa added to the panel . The revision addressed very few of the objecting reviewer ’ concern , and the change it did provide struck those reviewer — who were asked , to their surprise , to review the revision — a perfunctory and weak . “ The analysis and data generation presented herein , in my opinion , ” Reviewer Three ultimately concluded , “ simply doe not merit a Nature-level manuscript. ” Nevertheless , the paper wa accepted .
 When pressed about the peer-review process , Reich told me his reply to the initial round of concern had been “ the most robust , powerful , compelling response we ’ ve ever given to a set of review . We completely answered absolutely every question very robustly ; there wa not a single point in those Reviewer Two and Three comment that had any validity and that we were not able to fully and powerfully answer. ” When I noted that the objecting reviewer had not been convinced by their counterargument , he said : “ The fact that a person who sends a review doesn ’ t feel like their argument have been answered doesn ’ t mean that they haven ’ t been answered . I felt that those review were not compelling review , didn ’ t make sense , didn ’ t take into account the actual evidence that we had brought to bear properly and were completely addressed by our response , and the journal agreed . ”
 He acknowledged that it wa rare for journal editor to overrule their referee . “ This wa a case where the reviewer were making egregious error , ” Reich said . “ These were problematic review that should have been discounted because of their problematic nature , and we were able to successfully make that case on very good ground , and the editor agreed with that in the course of the review process . And it ’ s a very rare thing. ” ( A spokesperson for Nature said in a statement , “ For confidentiality reason , we can not discus the editorial history or review process of any Nature paper with anyone other than the author . ” )
 At the end of our conversation , Reich returned to his Vanuatu effort , waxing unsolicitedly about his personal attachment to the finding . “ That paper is such an important paper . It ’ s such an important observation , such an important measurement — it ’ s exactly the type of thing that need to be published in that type of journal . It ’ s in the class of an unrejectable paper . ”
 In Reich ’ s view , quibble about which skull did or did not fit which skeleton in an ancient tropical cemetery in a land he had never visited were entirely beside the point . He wa doing large-scale , broad-brush work , and it wa up to the archaeologist to add their fine filigree of detail . Even if you accepted the paper ’ s broad-brush result , however , most archaeologist find this distinction misleading . The problem wasn ’ t that he wa explaining too much on the basis of too little , but that he wasn ’ t ultimately explaining anything at all ; it wa all well and good to put “ migration ” back on the table , but the concept itself did little to clarify what wa actually going on . For example , it wa a still a mystery that secondary Papuan migrant had replaced the original settler but somehow adopted their Austronesian language .
 The Jena outfit , evenly split between geneticist , archaeologist and linguist , wa set up to address question of this order , in study designed to include each discipline ’ s contributor a full partner . The edifice itself is an architectural bricolage , a vaguely Bauhaus-inspired white building conjoined via metal tube to a stately 19th-century villa . The head of the institute ’ s department of linguistic and cultural evolution had decided that his team ’ s flagship project would be a fine-grained 10-year investigation of the “ Galápagos of language evolution ” that made Vanuatu a “ microcosm of all those force that have generated human diversity . ”
 A young Irish anthropologist , Heidi Colleran , wa brought on to help lead the relevant ethnographic field research ; just before she left , she and her partner , a British population geneticist named Adam Powell ( who also happened to be her collaborator on the project ) , were asked if they might try to collect spit from the group she planned to work with , for the purpose of a proper contemporary baseline . Reich had used other modern Oceanic group a rough proxy in part because no one imagined that any ni-Vanuatu would ever assent to such a study . Stuart Bedford , who had been brought in on the Jena project , believed that it wouldn ’ t happen in a million year . If outsider said that spit held secret about the past , the ni-Vanuatu might worry that those secret — if these foreigner said they were “ actually ” from elsewhere , indeed latecomer to their own nation — could nullify their right to the land . After the publication of Reich ’ s paper , the indigenous Kanaks of “ neighboring ” New Caledonia declared a three-year moratorium on any genetic research , for fear that their limited sovereignty might be undermined .
 The Jena team sought the ethical oversight of an institutional review board . Once in Vanuatu , Colleran , along with Powell and Kaitip Kami , the curator at the national museum , pitched their project a a way for villager to understand where they fit in the family tree of the Pacific ; they also promised that , in accordance with best ethical practice , they would return to present the result to the participant community . To their great delight , they were deluged with willing volunteer . Over the next year , the researcher back in Jena put these result together with data they had retrieved from 19 new ancient sample ; after a review period of six week , their paper appeared in Nature Ecology & Evolution on Feb. 27 , 2018 .
 While so much of Reich ’ s work ha conjured the notion of sweeping , wholesale replacement by one population of another , the Jena paper proposed instead a much more gradual process . Their sample demonstrated not a single decisive turnover event but at least 500 year of ongoing traffic between Papuans and Austronesians — plenty of time to explain how the former had managed to pick up the latter ’ s language , for one thing . Whatever happened in that period wa clearly complex , but it seemed to them inaccurate to describe it a the one-off snuffing out of one group by another . “ The idea that one day there were ton of people in canoe , ” Krause told me when I met him in Jena , “ that ’ s not how we should see it. ” What Reich wa wont to attribute to simple “ migration ” wa just a restatement of the problem of what happened . The actual causal mechanism could have been malaria , or warfare , or volcanic activity , or some competitive advantage in agriculture .
 A thought experiment might help to illustrate this . Imagine that the written history of our current era were lost to time , and paleogenomicists of the future were trying to explain the peopling of North America on the basis of a few bone that dated from between the 16th and 20th century . If these bone included the descendant of British , Spanish and French colonist a well a those of Yoruba slave , the researcher might conclude that European migrant arrived together with African migrant and that their “ sex-biased admixture ” created the people known henceforth a Americans . From our perspective , those geneticist wouldn ’ t exactly be wrong about all this — but nobody would accuse them of being right , either .
 There ’ s no particularly good reason to believe that the past wa significantly simpler than the present , and archaeologist have come to believe that the more digging they do , the more complexity they uncover . It make sense that they would resist simple explanation . From Reich ’ s perspective , this archaeological truculence represents a stubborn attachment to the old , complicated story in the face of new molecular data — just a some archaeologist held fast to their tall tale despite what Renfrew called the “ mysterious boffinry ” of radiocarbon dating . The analogy , however , doesn ’ t quite work . This time the scientist have arrived with their advanced technology not to dismantle theory of coherent “ culture ” who “ migrated ” from “ homeland ” but to revive them — without any disciplinary memory of the trap involved or the stake of failure .
 Over the course of 2017 , Reich wa working on his own competing follow-up , though by the time the Jena team submitted it completed paper to journal he had barely begun to compose his own . ( Reich , who told me he could not remember the specific timeline , said , “ The whole analysis wa mature ; we basically had the key finding already — we were just slow in writing it up , because we were overextended. ” ) The two lab had briefly contemplated collaborating , but in May 2017 , the Jena team vetoed the idea , one of it leader told me , because Reich wanted too much control . So the project advanced separately . Reich tried unsuccessfully to get contemporary ni-Vanuatu spit from other researcher until he learned of some blood sample , drawn decade ago by medical researcher and now held in trust at a repository at Oxford . The Reich team obtained permission to resequence the old sample for their own purpose — even though in gray-area case like these it is never at all clear who hold the authority to retroactively license the use of vital fluid taken when ethical protocol were considerably more lax . He also had 11 new “ ancient ” sample , though six of them were from only about 150 year ago .
 Reich submitted his manuscript to the journal Current Biology on the same day that Jena ’ s paper wa accepted by Nature Ecology & Evolution . One week later , on Feb. 19 , the paper wa accepted and given an online publication date of Feb. 28 — one day after the online publication date the Jena team had been given . Peer review and acceptance of a paper in a week wa in itself an unprecedented feat ; not a single person I talked to in the field could think of a similar case . Reich conceded that it wa uncommon . “ It wa the fastest review we ever had , ” he told me , “ but it wa actually a very high-quality review . It wa better than most review we got . It wa actually a serious review , a very serious review. ” Some other geneticist doubted it ; one said to me : “ There ’ s no way there ’ s proper peer review there . That ’ s an egregious violation of scientific norms. ” ( “ The Reich paper wa properly reviewed by three relevant expert , all of whom recommended publication with minor request for revision , ” the Current Biology editor in chief , Geoffrey North , said in an emailed statement , crediting the turnaround to reviewer who made the paper a priority . ) Even so , publication on successive day wa apparently not a satisfactory outcome . On Feb. 19 , Reich ’ s paper appeared in preprint form on the web , eight day before the Jena effort came out .
 While the Jena sample showed at least 500 year of Austronesian-Papuan mixture , Reich ’ s follow-up argued — on the basis of a single sample from a single island — that the First Remote Oceanians had been replaced by at least one wave of belated Papuans . Otherwise , the paper had little to add . Reich had , however , updated his analysis of the original skull with improved , “ higher-resolution ” statistical technique . One new data point , which Reich saw a a refinement , struck some critic a a significant revision : While Reich emphasized to me in his office that the first paper conclusively demonstrated no mixture between the Austronesians and the people they encountered , the updated analysis showed that Teouma ’ s “ Lapita individual had a nonzero proportion of Papuan-related ancestry. ” It “ remains striking , ” the new paper remarked , that these first migrant were only “ minimally admixed ” — but admixed they were .
 Day ’ s end in Port-Vila is colored by the process of selecting which kava bar to patronize ; each import it kava from a different island , and friendly argument about kava strength and quality are common . On our return from Teouma , Bedford and I met up with an extended crew from the national museum for kava grown on the volcanic slope of the northern island of Ambae , where an eruption threatened to stop shipment . Kava is a cloudy green tonic , served in little miso bowl meant to resemble coconut shell . The custom is to collect your shell , retire alone to the cover of a nearby shadow , take the entirety at one draft and then spit the particulate remnant ; by nightfall , when even the city is blanketed in thick dark , the only regular sound are the screech of the fruit bat and the hock of spit .
 I sat in the dark next to Frederique Valentin , a French bioarchaeologist who wa an author on Reich ’ s original Vanuatu paper ; it wa she who made the final contribution that rescued the effort , the Tongan petrous bone . As it turn out , in 2015 she submitted a manuscript to Nature that made an almost identical argument to Reich ’ s . She had reached the same conclusion upon examination of the cranial morphology of the exact same skull , which she believed more closely resembled those of Asians than those of Papuans . But her paper wa rejected by Nature . As far a she or many others could tell , the only difference between her conclusion and Reich ’ s were those of method — hers old , theirs shiny and new — and rhetorical grandeur . I asked if she thought that Reich ’ s definitive statement about Lapita origin were warranted .
 “ A small sample , ” she replied , “ is only representative of itself . ”
 The controversy over paleogenomics wa becoming a near-ubiquitous presence in archaeology journal , and Bedford , a an author on all three Vanuatu paper , had recently written the introduction to an academic forum on the subject , in the journal Archaeology in Oceania . The evident difference between the two competing follow-up put him in a bit of a bind , because his name wa on both of them . “ Both paper , ” Bedford maintained , “ arrive at a similar conclusion , ” that initial Austronesian settlement wa followed by a Papuan gene flow . But a the introduction continued , it became increasingly clear that he could not , in fact , at all believe that both could be right , and he tipped his hand in favor of the Jena paper , with it emphasis on an “ incremental and complex ” process that accorded much better with the artifactual record a he had spent his career understanding it .
 The contradiction of Bedford ’ s introduction — in which he said that both paper could be right but that the complicated one wa probably more right than the simplistic one — felt le like an equivocation than it did a form of subtle apology . As one contributor to Bedford ’ s forum observed , archaeologist had told the ni-Vanuatu for decade that they were the descendant of the Lapita voyager ; now they had to go back and advise them to alter the commemorative postage stamp to feature not black people but Taiwanese aboriginal . A national self-image wa not something to take lightly . “ One can only feel , ” one forum contributor wrote , “ a collective sense of betrayal in all of this . ”
 Some critic believed that any association with Reich represented a betrayal , too , not only of the ni-Vanuatu but of anyone who believed that culture wa a powerful a human determinant a the gene . Shortly before the publication of his book , Reich wrote an Op-Ed in The New York Times in which he warned that the future wa likely to demonstrate some meaningful genetic difference among population and that we needed to be honest about such truth , lest they be abused by racist pseudoscience . He wa careful to differentiate the idea of a genetic population from the old idea of race , which he agreed wa a social rather than biological fact . But he nonetheless gave comfort to those who maintain that on the deepest of all level our destiny is written into our genetic signature . It wa hard not to see that conviction reflected in the finding of Reich ’ s paper , which seemed to blithely recapitulate discredited theory of Pacific expansion , making categorical claim not only about four individual skull but about the shape of human history — claim that were essentially indistinguishable from the racialized notion of the swashbuckling imperial era .
 Younger scholar who don ’ t think that the big , powerful lab are exhibiting proper respect , sensitivity and historical consciousness — including anthropologist like Heidi Colleran , who went to great length for ni-Vanuatu spit — are thus put into impossible position of tragic compromise ; they face the decision to spend their career a access mercenary , to work with smaller outfit that get pushed aside or scooped , or to get out of the field entirely . As Colleran would put it to me later : “ When any fieldworker talk to collaborating community in the field , they are putting their professional and personal integrity on the line , their own legitimacy , often in a completely different line of work , for these sample . And once they are out of your hand , you have very little control . That ’ s a gamble for anyone doing long-term fieldwork. ” She expressed reluctance to take part in any future study in which the paleogenomicists alone set the pace . Her population-geneticist partner , Adam Powell , feel the same way . “ I really wanted for u to do thing differently , ” he told me , “ but didn ’ t think it would be this hard . I ’ m now going to focus my energy elsewhere . ”
 The day after our night out at the kava bar , Colleran booked u on an Air Vanuatu flight to the northern island of Malekula to visit a remote village called Alpalak , which wa roughly translated for me a “ the place where if you go you will definitely die. ” There she introduced me to Chief Jimmyson Sanhambath , who sat and drank kava with me in the shifting shadow of a mango tree , heavy with unripe fruit . Sanhambath is an exceptionally vital man in his late 50 , with a slender , wiry physique , a thickly corded neck , and a long , smooth forehead and sharply angled jaw knitted together by a trim graying mustache . Asked about the spit that his people had given Colleran , he told me he had come to believe that there couldn ’ t be anything in it ; spit evaporates to nothing , after all . He admired Colleran and didn ’ t want to trifle with her work , he insisted , but he continued with a mischievous grin , “ They must just be making it up . ”
 The next day , he took u through bamboo thicket to see some of the oldest cave art in the region . We crouched down through a dark opening , followed a short slope and emerged into a large , well-lit chamber ; a single banyan had snaked it way up and through a skylight opening high above . As we passed into the midday twilight of the rear of the chamber , Sanhambath pointed out dark handprints of a mossy jade color high up on the smooth wall . Nearby were crisp figure with the head of dog and pig and the body of men ; they wore unmistakable version of the penis sheath associated even today with Sanhambath ’ s community .
 Archaeologists said they were made by men who ate charcoal , chewed it up and spat it back onto the wall . The oldest dated back 2,600 year and looked at once hauntingly archaic and vividly recent . “ They ’ re not Lapita , ” Sanhambath said , gesturing at the drawing , which had been dated by radiocarbon to shortly after the Lapita period ended . “ But so what ? ” Besides , a much faith a he had in what the archaeologist said about pottery or bone , he just couldn ’ t bring himself to believe them when they said these painting were made by ancient men .
 “ These painting , ” he said quietly in the cave dark , “ were made by the spirit . ”
 An earlier version of this article misstated the number of peer reviewer who evaluated the 2016 Nature paper “ Genomic Insights Into the Peopling of the Southwest Pacific ” before publication . It wa four , not three ; a fourth reviewer wa added to evaluate the paper after the original submission wa revised . The article also misstated the geographical area where migrant from the steppe of eastern Ukraine and southern Russia significantly replaced existing community of hunter-gatherer and early farmer , a reported in an academic paper on the migration . It wa Central and Northern Europe , not the entire continent .
 Gideon Lewis-Kraus is a writer at large for the magazine . His last feature story wa about a private-jet dealer .
 Sign up for our newsletter to get the best of The New York Times Magazine delivered to your inbox every week .

 Advertisement
