Yo! One of the team leads at my work posted her wedding photos with her wifey, and holy shit! They look like two Di… 
Hercules and Brother Bear are like the unsold Kings of Disney 
Hey kids, Skipper from the #Planes movie is getting ready to fly! “It ain't how fast you fly, it's how you… 
please renew the gifted #savethegifted it had 4.4 million views and how can you leave us on a cliffhanger l… 
Skagway, Alaska known as the legendary “Gateway to the Klondike” during the Gold Rush boom is a popular Alaskan cru… 

The only real competition for tv streaming services at this point is Disney. Apple I’m not sure because I don’t kno… 
I like that though. Victor funds F4, accident happen… 
"But Starbucks ($SBUX) has led a new wave of companies offering full tuition reimbursement to help hourly employees… 
On if Agents of Shield will have more interaction with the MCU - My hope is that Disney+ will be the mothership whe… 
Clark Gregg just said he hopes the Marvel TV and movie world will be reunited on Disney+ #fanx18 #slcfanx 
Your experience is not invalid but I'm not sure how it's generalizable. "Solo"… 
I was a very sensitive little girlMaybe one of the few kids who cried during Disney, lol 
Disney Aurora Funko Pop Chase for sale! Free shipping. $5 below 
Hard to say when you can’t afford to go to Disney world- on Bucket list 
With The Mandalorian, Disney+ Will Probably Be More Like Hulu Than Netflix 
Oh sorry I didn’t mean make Galactus a 2 movie in b… 
Reviewing the magical, emotional and wonderful live-action #Disney re-make: #Dumbo (2019) - A Story That Teaches of… 
If you could be any Disney animated character who would you be? — Nobody is DTF like Gaston, so. 
Today and I were Disney Princess! 
so we were watching big hero 6 aka a very underrated movie and all of a sudden baymax says "tadashi is here". what… 
I might not be a Disney princess, but one time a squirrel jumped into my lap to share a snack so there's that...  
Disney buys Nintendo in 2027 
Yeah! I hope it’s good just because that was always my favorite Disney film growing up. We shall see! 
I hope everyone read this in the same tone as “hi I’m *insert name*, and you’re watching Disney channel” 
Well... When you’re wife says she was golfing to sell the Disney tickets we had to use by May 23rd &amp; us… 
I can't believe and I won't accept! This Show must be save 
you need to go to the Starbucks in downtown disney when you do fan fest !!!! Ur girl wo… 
Huzaifa said if I were a Disney princess id be Elsa bc she’s the strongest one who’s been the most suppressed. I’m not crying  
Off to San Diego for the MLB game tonight and then tomorrow we sail away on our 7 Night Disney Cruise!… 
Disney's Oliver and Company! They only show up a handful of times but every scene is a gem!! 
Have you left any hearts today on Radio Disney for #BoyWithLuv? If not, make sure to leave a few. - 
Leopard Seals are absolutely the worst #Disney villains ever #DisneynaturePenguins 
Hmmm. I’m guessing that will be part of the MCU tv shows on Disney+ 
We're really excited to see that will fully support #Chromecast right out of the box.  Can't wait f… 
I love him!!! I always love the photos and videos of service dogs at Disney meeting Pluto. They al… 
I love those! Especially Howl's Moving Castle, I always wanted to make fanart for it actually &lt;3 Do you… 
So you're adding "Disney princess" to the "kickboxing entrepreneur space doctor" list?  
Here's your Toy Story sneak peek from Disney On Ice! 
My favorite Disney character is Stitch. But the classic crew of Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Daisy, Goo… 
Ironic. Disney could save Marvel from death, but not Star Wars. 
what disney song is the winner?! I'm really curious now 
Disney Plus Huge Announcement: Is It A Threat To Netflix?   #hedge funds On April 12, 
Want a stunning coffee table book filled with the best photos of Walt Disney World around? Here it is! 
Disney+ is a stroke of genius. 
It only dropped to 53% and theatres weren't empty otherwise disney would be in… 
Just got our gift for renewing our #D23 membership. Such a beautiful set of pins!! Thank you #Disney 
According to a report form a Korean newspaper, Korean PC and Mobile game company Nexon is in talks to be taken over… 
I wonder if I could get my neighborhood to trim the hedges into Disney characters?? #TheRuffRiderz 
New Vivoli il Gelato Bike Cart Added at Disney Springs Marketplace 
I really hope whoever I marry is cool with the Radio Disney karaoke/dance parties I’m tryna have at 2am in my kitch… 
Disney twice in less than 3 months. y o l o 
Leaked live action movie made by Disney released. 
Yay!!!! Let’s celebrate with a Disney day  
you’re deadass so dumb, why are you killing your app? canceling santa clarita diet was SO fake of u and i… 
Win Disney's The Book Hog Book from //www.mommypr.com/the-book-hog-book-giveaway/ 
Like just imagine: High School Musical: The MusicalStarStruck: The seriesCamp Rock: The series 
Travel+Leisure: A ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Themed Bar Is Opening in Disney World - Travel+Leisure: A ‘Beauty and the… 
As a show this could be better than the upcoming High School Musical one, i can say the same about Camp Rock, a cam… 
Irene Bedard was a surprise guest while I was moderating the Linda Larkin/Scott Weinger panel, so my lifetime “Disn… 
Ouat, musicals, old movies, Disney and nick!! Let’s be friends  
I understand why is bringing back High School Musical as a series, but they should do the same with StarStr… 
Did Disney buy Fox News network? I stop watching immediately when any libtard is on there. They better watch out or… 
On April 20, 2019, Prince Albert II of Monaco, Princess Charlene and their children, Crown Prince Jacques and Princ… 
Technically Disney was a lil barn so uhhh just go get like a lil tuffshed or something at Home Depot  
I also saw some in a Disney outlet store...hah 
disney 7 
Disney's Once Upon a Dream Parade LionKingHeart Fantasy Films style part 7 Dreams of Romance Float 
Last May, I was told at WD Studio store in Burbank all their personal merch was exclusive. About 4 months l… 
Once Disney+ comes out Netflix is dead 
"What was your favorite project you did where you voiced #Pocahontas after the original?" - #LindaLarkin"Ralph Br… 
In Disney World like an idiot because I do t know go to plan family vacations 
They literally disintegrate after 10 minutes of having the drink 
Hey Billy Numbnuts, you’re in The Mandalorian? Wow! I never thought I’d see the day when Billy Bathgate… 
Disney 2020 
Reminder is EVERYTHING Trump says they are fake news that push propaganda for the global elit… 
I voted for #DumboFallsFlat on Burton's #Dumbo reboot is an outdated flop 
Watch this from Youtube channel, he is so correct on the new trilogy from Disney, UGH 
Kingdom Hearts 1 tries to make it seem like Sora is a boy with parents on a remote island and gets sucked into a wo… 
Real life gargoyles!  Only Disney could make this up. 
DisneyLAND 
Cheap Disney Baby FINDING NEMO Explore the Sea Infant to Toddler Rocker 
Literally same girl, lets drop put and move to disney 
John Rzeznik didn’t have to go that hard for I’m Still Here (Jim’s Theme) from Treasure Planet (the most underrated… 
Things Were Going Crazy In Disney's Zootopia 
They made HK-47 non-canon. FUCK DISNEY! 
see i only watched it when it came on Disney so i don’t remember parts like that  
DAYUM! I'm so glad you're independent now, you can get away with much more stuff than Disney would ever allow. 
2) Disney, which already owns ABC, is not interested in beefing up its news operation with this… 
1) Fox News is not going to be part of Disney. As part of the Disney-Fox merger, 21st Century Fo… 
The original trilogy and the first two KOTOR games are the only canon. Seriously, fuck Disney. 
#Jade looks pretty cool in #MK11 - She looks like a Disney Princess, but tough at the same time! #NoBirdBones in th… 
Yeah if End Game delivers the way we think it will, Spider-Man will gain a whole lot more traction. In fac… 
retweette daarnet een thread met Robert Downey Jr. as Disney Princesses.... my year has been made 
Panel 9 Linda Larkin and Scott Weineger. Stars of Aladdin #slcfanx #fanx19 #Disney #aladdin 
New Mickey Mouse attraction delayed until 2020 at Disney World, is coming to Disneyland in 2022… 
Whoever manuvered the take over of Fox by Disney must be some guy 
I go on Disney's website, without a parents permission 
Disney Please put Buzz Lightyear of Star Command on Disney Plus, I have been waiting since 2006 for a DVD r… 
cute Toy Story 4 shirt at the Disney Store 
ESPN+ is a service owned by Disney who likely has a team of a hundred people dedicated to solving issues o… 
Disney World. 
Check out DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies ⁦… 
Check out Disney Minnie Mouse Twin Flat &amp; Fitted Sheets Pink White Polka Dot Ruffled #Disney via 
If Disney owned Veggitales  
I really fricken hope whoever I marry loves disney as much as I do :)) 
This right and really say that Disney… 
Interesting that Walt Disney Studios merch is in the regular Disney Store. I thought you could only get this at the… 
This would be the time for Disney to flex their muscles and cut the cost to 9.99 for this ppv. 
I really think it all depends on what stage of life you were in whether or not you remember these show… 
Disney was like EVERYONE MUST SWIM 
Lol nothing bad! I just tend to attract children especiallyyy if my hair is a princess color and it hu… 
I mean technically marvel is Disney too so she’s been in more but I see your point. 
Poster Art of the Disney Parks (2016 Costco) Book Review and Preview 
The Twitch channel remodel is almost finish come check it out! #twitch #disneygames #disney #streaming… 
Vintage Disney has always had a special place in my heart. 
Wasn’t Paul in “Old Yeller” and other Disney movies? 
Had a dream I was a Disney World employee living in poverty. Thanks 
I just realized...my hair is white now...and I'll never be able to step into the Disney parks again... yall seen wh… 
DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies ⁦… 
i still listen to some of the artists that used to be one of disney’s next big things... #nbt 
I literally cannot wait to be in Disney with all of my friends  
Wait until you get the sitting on the potty reading a Disney book. 
Got love BTS on Radio Disney’s. Maybe BT21 gang can hang out w Disney gang enjoy BoywLuv over &amp; over again. … 
Wtf disney 
I found this awesome recording of "A Whole New World - Disney ver" on #Smule: 
Part of your world - Little Mermaid - #Disney - by ConnieTalbot607 Cover [Youtube] 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. – Walt Disney #Motivation #MotivationalQuotes… 
Walt Disney World goes green(er) with solar farm larger than Magic Kingdom 
Already planning another Disney trip for next spring with my aunt! WOOO! 
Weird Disney wants to turn Captain Phillips into a franchise. owell 
Gal Gadot joins voice cast of Disney's 'Ralph Breaks the Internet' - AOL 
I see what you’re coming from! But I’ve met many girls who like Disney and video games but they’re aren’t… 
y a s Plagues &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; any other disney villain song tbh 
DISNEY has become PERVERTED!!! 
It's not too different from Disney cutting out the racist bits from Fantasia when they released it on home video in the 90s 
How to Save Money at Disney #frugal #travel 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost - 
Hello I like making clay princesses#disney #tiana #frogPrincess 
New Oogie Boogie Bash – A Disney Halloween Party Coming to Disney California Adventure Park 
Okay, let’s do it then..how tf is it d… 
I guess Disney's only big enough for one mouse. 
Told by an insider at Disney entertainment headquarters in Burbank CA,that her corporation has signed… 
Disney total 
Style Rococo? * u * 
Lets get lost in the world of your dreams .Get a Free Disney World Package Now, Click Here -… 
I've always wanted to do something brave great. But lately I've been beating myself up. Mostly los… 
As of 2011, the franchise $4 billion-a-year brand featuring 26,000 products. In early 2007, under Mooney's leadersh… 
Perfect honey moon—Road trip down to Vegas stay 2 daysHead to Cali straight to Disney for 3 days park Harper tick… 
Disney celebrates all the countries, very nice. Ours should be admired and honored… 
Who thinks this is long overdue?!?!? 
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Hollywood isn't going to stop making mo… 
Would rather be a Disney prince or a DC superhero?"A Disney superhero."#FanXSpring19 
Waiting for "Freezin" to start. It's a parody on Disney's "Frozen". If you've never been to Desert Star you need to… 
Disney/St. Augustine/Savannah 2016 Trip Review 
Disney 
More proof Disney will take a good idea and make it even better... 
Got the 4K of #ThorRagnorok from Disney Movie Rewards for free.  I don’t keep many slipcovers, but, I do for my MCU… 
Is it just me or is the recent shows and branding of Disney Channel giving off 2000s vibes 
Disney could be lucrative. He packaged the Disney Princesses under a single brand, which sold items such as a yello… 
For reference, he doesn’t mind most media. He just doesn’t like Ber… 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on from #poshmark #fashion #style… 
It’s time to ban Disney.... 
?? Disney 
In 2000, Mooney, having recently been made chairman of Disney Consumer Products Worldwide, went to see a Disney on… 
My favorite part was her story about Walt Disney and his spaceship. I’d like to hear more about that  
Very much so! 
Dinosaur was the best Disney movie 
#4 in the Disney wisdom series I got my piglet today. #disneystore #disneywisdom 
TOO CUTE RARE Vintage Signed Disney Tigger w/ Wreath Winnie the Pooh Tiger Gold Tone Pin  #Vintage #Rare… 
Watching Fox Today... Evident They Have Been Bought by Disney... 
The Retreat At Tiffany Woods Easter Egg Hunt! #disney #RTGPARTY #GetCaughtBeingGreat #PaintCentralBlue… 
Breaking news, my tattoo of the Disney castle in rainbow colors is satanic. 
Less angry rosie o’donnell 
Disney was a KC native. Fun Fact: Disney drew the first KC Univ mascot - a kangaroo. It looks a bit like Mickey.  
Kill Bill: Disney+ adaptation 
This style was name after the Disney animated film Snow White debuted in 1937. Disney was a native of Kansas City. 
I wish Disney would release the original Star Wars trilogy without the updated CGI 
These new Coca-Cola bottles at Disney are a 'Star Wars' fan's dream 
Has anyone put footage of the Notre Dame burning against 'Hellfire' from the Disney film?  That has had to have happened right? 
Heard anything on reopening?  BTW - enjoy Disney! 
Her progtamming was breaking down.usuallly happens about 30 or so.hence the shaving her head thing… 
The Haunted Mansion #photography #blackandwhite #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
Those partaking in 4/20, go buy tickets for Disney on Ice and see how long you can last  
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Disney Fairies Tinkerbell Flirt Girls Beenie Hat.… 
Vem Disney Plus 
Y’all I just pissed off a ton of people in a Disney group because I said you probably shouldn’t give your kid a Jap… 
If you follow your heart, life is a work of art :3 I MISS THE DISNEY DEMI LOVATO 
Can you believe The Lion King is 25 years old? It is! On April 26, we’ll watch this classic Disney movie. Come enjo… 
So Mooney works for Sir Branson Virgin?What?There's no qualified CEO in the U.S Disney? 
Loving this quote. I just want to send it to everyone I love 
this Disney animation that was published 46 minutes ago 
Disney is scrolling through tweets just looking for ideas 
Prior to Disney, Mooney spent 20 years with Nike, Inc. Originally joining Nike's United Kingdom division as chief financial officer 
Disney+ is ten years too late. Disney only produces sequel/prequel animation, remakes of animation in… 
If you can’t make it to Disneyland for the Eggstravaganza scavenger hunt, you can do this at your local Disney Stor… 
Disney Night Song Choices American Idol 2019 Spoilers 
If you're going to put out a "Top Disney Songs of All Time" list and not have a villain song on it? Your list is in… 
Andrew "Andy" P. Mooney (born 1955)[1] is the CEO of Fender Musical Instruments Corporation and former chairman of… 
Happy 12th Birthday Thanks for stealing my boyfriend. Trip to Disney soon! 
I am afraid to ever plan a Disney trip bc he hates things in costume. Maybe this will be different though. 
This is why I would love the folks at Disney/Lucasfilm to explore Apprentice Obi-Wan with the whole Jedi… 
disney 
$200 Disney Store Gift Card 
Beauty And The Beast-themed bar fulfills this writer's dream of getting drunk in Belle’s library… 
All I have to say is Mike Krejci called this years ago ;)#sawitcoming #netfix #disney 
"Ad:" Avengers Endgame Disney Marvel Studios Promo Pins/buttons Swag VERY RARE!  flyingtr… 
You’re right! My bad. For some reason I thought Disney made Land before Time. But yes, th… 
Mimban Stormtroopers of the 224th Imperial Armored Division. Please share! #toptoyphotos #toyphotography… 
Before and after.  It’s amazing what a teaspoon of Disney magic can do ....#cosplay #cosplayer #gamer #comics… 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: •Disney• Mickey Mouse V-neck hoodie. 
La Familia Hilton Does Disney’s California Adventure! The Smiles! The Tears! The Highs! The Lows!!! | Perez Hilton… 
I just watched Lilo &amp; Stitch on because had on a Stitch T-shirt.... hire her  
I found out I’m related to George Washington (11th cousin 2 times removed) Abraham Lincoln (13th cousin once remove… 
---A Fox Tale - A short animation HD Aimation Movies Music Animation, animation movies full movies english,Disney,… 
Idk but big brother Disney is obviously making marvel correct their mistake 
ICYMI: USD POLL : Do you think Disney+ will outperform 
I need to get Netflix back but then I heard Disney is coming out with a streaming service 
 stephen-kinqs: Favorite Disney Villains Vol:1 Ursula the Sea Witch Poor unfortunate soulsIn pain, in... 
I cant believe grown mfs come online to complain about children talking during the disney movie 
21 Of The Best Disney Songs To Ever Exist, Periodt. 
Disney Plus unveiled as rival to Netflix, Apple TV Plus: Marvel, Pixar, Simpsons, Nat Geo, and more available to st… 
We heard there was a Jurassic Park section at… 
Totally agree. #RenewTheGifted #SaveTheGifted #thegifted.… 
“If you can dream it, you can do it!” - Walt #HouseSelling #US… 
Oh and firmly believes that she was abducted by Walt Disney on a spaceship 
Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: Boeing, Wells Fargo, Lyft, Nio, Disney &amp; more  
Accept your temptation, but don't give in, fight. A battle is never Disney World. 
 lavendertitties: #disney what the fuck? 
 purrrrrincess: Happy Saturday Everyone!  Here’s your daily Disney gif! Lilo and Stitch - June 16,... 
Authentic 925 Disney Mickey and Minnie Dancing Dangle Charm Sterling Silver via 
Its Easter time and I know what I'll be doing besides spending time wi... 
So I’m a bit upset. I’m gonna be in Disneyland and driving home when the PGA Championship is going on. I guess I mi… 
And Fox News is becoming more left Bec they were bought out by Disney 
Never in a million years.  Disney sucks. 
DDL = Desde Disney Land (? 
I really think I should give up on this whole school noise and become a Disney blogger 
25 Real Life Places that Inspired the Makers of Disney Movies  
It seems like, beyond licensing, it would have been cheaper to keep something going than remove and do… 
Disney: Region's biggest new #solar farm can power 2 theme parks: WESH 2 #renewable… 
to make star wars fans implode disney should remake kotor but make revan a woman 
I purchased plane tickets to Walt Disney World. I haven't been on a plane since 1999 and my kids have never flown. Insert anxiety! 
Have fun in Disney!! 
Let’s send lots of  to #BoyWithLuv by Ft. Halsey on the Radio Disney Top Songs Chart! #8 →… 
Your #DailyDose of indie music is here! Excorde (Jonnie Cook and Jimena Arroya) offer the v… 
They decided no Disney  so we’re gunna go to either downtown Disney city walk or old town 
I’ve never been to a Disney park and this ignorance is so blissful rn 
Magic Johnson Joining Forces With Ice Cube To Buy Sports Networks From Disney - How We Buy Black 
We were so excited to find 6 sets of the  new Comfy Disney Princess dolls walmart yesterday! Swipe to see them all… 
Check out DISNEY® LION KING HOBO SNAP BAG SHOULDER BAG LADIES JUNIOR'S WOMEN'S PURSE NEW #DISNEY via 
New post (Dumbo (2019) Movie Trailer In Tamil | Walt Disney Studios | Hollywood Tamil ...) has been published on  -… 
The girl whose movie we have to thank for this fun shoot, Vanellope Von Schweetz!Model: La Fleur de Sang of Guilt… 
Disney sues you even if you think about using any of their characters. 
The Tinkerbell photoshoot we did last spring is one of my favs (still need to shoot it on the white backdrop tho)… 
Marvel lifts its TV game to higher power for 
From Netflix to Hulu to Prime to Disney+: Here's Every Streaming Service, Compared - 
Hey do you want to know what  would be an excellent idea for an original show for Disney +.  Bring back 
C “Penguins” a Disney nature documentary opened 4/18 here in the US. 
If you dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney 
wait... friends trip to Disney??! 
Dang, gonna miss those Disney tweets! Glad you’re back! Enjoy 
You’ve heard of the Target Stadium, Alaska Airlines Arena, Levi Stadium, etc? Welcome to The Disney Cathed… 
Who was your first crush? — aquela mina da disney 
"To be Jasmine for three decades is something better than I could have ever imagined for myself. It's not something… 
That would be a great movie but l have not heard any rumors of it happening. Maybe he will get a Disney+ show. 
Will Disney+ Mark the End of Cineplex Inc. (TSX:CGX)? #newsbeatlive 
Happy 21st Birthday to Jasmine Jasmine is a Jr. from Corona, CA. A life goal for her is to go to… 
Had a friend who was terminal so they made him a Make a Wish kid. But he wasted his on Disney World 
Especially when it’s on Disney Channel and it’s 7pm and a new movie just came out after a whole 48hour countdown!!!! 
Right here’s How To Create 5 AMAZING Disney Meals Hacks! You’re Welcome! 
Investors Sell Walt Disney $DIS on Strength $DIS 
Check again, dude. Viral smash after viral smash. Did you see Ted's… 
Assassin's Creed helping #NotreDame &amp; offering free downloads. 
I honestly don't know what you're trying to say. Marvel movies are targe… 
It’s pretty amazing how closely these all match. The Disney princesses too! lol 
"Ad:" LIONEL TRAIN CABOOSE 1001 FR DISNEY MICKEY'S WORLD TOUR TRAIN SET 1992  flyingtreas… 
Best cruise ever last year on Disney Wonder. Ship was clean, restaurant food was good, entertainment stellar! 
#Disney Pledges $5 Million To Rebuild Notre-Dame de Paris, But Ubisoft Has Something Special to Give… 
I’m here in Disney’s rainforest cafe and why don’t we’s song something different came on I’m proud of them… 
The Best Four Seasons In Florida: Disney Vs Surfside Vs Miami Vs Palm Beach 
 Contact Me To Book Your Next Disney Vacation!   #disneyworld #magickingdom #epcot #hollywoodstudios… 
Not enough people got Disney Channel to get that reference. Every kid read Arthur. 
I’ve been to Disney 10+ times and I’ve never been to Ohana or Sci-Fi! My boyfriend has never been s… 
Disney Channel HD  
like you did with dark phoenix? spreading hate with no reason looking like you needed desperately marvel's and disn… 
We did not deserve the cover of “I’ll Try” from the Peter Pan movie that did on Disney Mania 4 
Man we had some great crowds this week!! #ThankYou #DisneyFantasy for always making us feel like we’r… 
Netflix says it’s not worried about Disney or Apple encroaching on its turf — there’s plenty of growth to go around… 
Right please get some Disney princess bandaids like the rest of us and chill  
Disney's New Briar Rose Gold Unicorn Cupcake Is What Instagram Dreams Are Made Of 
Thanks Jeremy at Grand Floridian for the great Disney conversation while waiting for our table. #castcompliment 
On the hunt for an eggs-ellent story?  has you covered: 
Disney’s The Kidney 
"We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and doing new things, because we’re curious and curiosity keeps leading… 
Japanese postcards #photography #blackandwhite #bw #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
...for some reason I never knew Disney voiced mickey mouse?? 
The Best Four Seasons In Florida: Disney Vs Surfside Vs Miami Vs Palm Beach 
Aulani, A Disney Resort and Spa: Save up to 30% 
Also I’m thinking if Disney doesn’t okay a season 3 
Deadass just realized Disney own family guy and the Simpson  shit wild 
Absolutely! My husband is a DC cop and we have three daughters. The majority of our ban… 
Tim Burton's #NightmareBeforeChristmas Antique #Quartz Chain Link Pocket #Watch #Necklace 
Enter to #win a $100 Fandango GC + #FarfromAgrabah by from #giveaway  
Disney draws second upgrade in two days as Wall Street eagerly awaits streaming service launch… 
Disney+ is about to be dropped 
Lol I do use Spotify! But Pandora had the best Disney station for Sophia up until recently 
Best way to keep them entertained this #EasterWeekend is to leave it to us!  Catch Doc Mcstuffins at 5:3… 
TOY STORY 4 (2019) | &amp;quot;Bo Peep is back&amp;quot; ???? Clip - Disney Pixar #Movie 
Best way to keep them entertained this #EasterWeekend is to leave it to us!  Catch Doc Mcstuffins at… 
Best way to keep them entertained this #EasterWeekend is to leave it to us!  Catch Doc Mcstuffins… 
Disney’s biggest competitor isn’t Netflix - it’s Fortnite 
#Giveaway! Enter to win a FAR FROM AGRABAH prize pack from and #Aladdin #FarfromAgrabah 
Day 3 at Disney’s Wide World of Sports!! 
Disney+ Coming to PS4, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox One 
You are so much better than a Disney princess 
My Disney Prince’s thought ”please mummy no more” haha#adzyandmjshappilyeverafter 
“She claimed she had been abducted by Walt Disney, whom she believes is a member of the Illuminati and manned a spa… 
Need something to keep the kids entertained this #EasterWeekend?  Let them watch Doc Mcstuffins at 5:… 
Perfect illustration of what’s wrong with Disney. They tear out the GMR, the central thesis ride of DHS for MRR, wh… 
Hey Here is your new plan.1. Cancel Discovery 2. Don’t launch Picard or section 31.3.… 
Little mermaid  #Disney #DragRace 
Save your money, 1. Cancel Discovery 2. Don’t launch Picard or section 31.3. Create P… 
Disney’s biggest competitor isn’t Netflix – it’s Fortnite – TechRadar 
Gonna be in #Disney World this weekend?Try the #Minnie Van with LyftFree LYFT ride with code: MIGUELT10 
Dining reservations for Disney open in a month. Any suggestions that a first timer must do? 
Ketchikan is the “Salmon Capital of the World.” And you will see that influence in the restaurants, excursions, and… 
Disney bunnies UNITE!!! 
Mom has decided to buy us all matching t shirts for Disney. When did we become this family!? 
Let’s face it...#Disney can be expensive. Thankfully Passholder Diva has some tips on how to save some mone… 
Disney (DIS) Announces Price and Launch Date for Disney+   #WallSt On April 12, 
Catasauqua HS Marching Band and Concert Choir at Disney! More pictures on our school Facebook and Instagram.… 
How Freelancers Can Make More Money Using Instagram!If you’re using Instagram to attract clients, you need to mak… 
Eish not sure how to keep them calm this long weekend?  Try getting them to watch Doc Mcstuffins at 5… 
You guys realize your living in a fantasy land of your own making right?  Keep up the fake… 
Tip-Top Easter 
#Disney Cancels #MouseGuard' Just Two Weeks Before Production Start 
I hate it when you're not sure if a car is going to stop or not to let you cross or when someone tries to tell you… 
Not a chance with movie slate/park price launches/DTC+ 
cares, France! #NotreDameCathedralFire 
Alles over het Walt Disney World Transportation systeem: 
I like that version of Jungle Book but I always love the Disney version. I hope you and your sister… 
So there's no streams today and tomorrow because apparently I'm at Disney World! 
Happy Saturday! Star Wars Rival Run Half Marathon race recap is now up! Click subscribe if you love Disney! … 
cheese larson Brie Larson Stunts vs Tom Cruise (Gob Life #39) via 
I found all of my vlog footage from Disney and Harry Potter last year. I'm going to slowly edit it and put it up a year late.  
This is NOT an adequate explanation to why is raising its monthly fee to $12.99: “We’re hard at work impro… 
Marvel lifts its TV game to higher power for Disney+ 
Leave the kids with us and enjoy that well deserved #EasterWeekend break! Catch Doc Mcstuffins at… 
"Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age and dreams are forever." - Walt Disney#quotes #quoteoftheday… 
Trying to play Disney station for my 5 yr old daughter, but the Harry Potter sound track keeps playin… 
Need a way to keep the little ones busy while you do you this #EasterWeekend?  Catch Doc Mcstuffins at 5:… 
Mickey and Minnie’s Runaway Railway coming to #Disneyland Toontown! 
Any franchise can be brought back with enough love and talent. But Disney has created an opening for a… 
Corporate Media has networks of people they move around the country, similar to US Mil… 
At Disney boys 
I liked sailor moon and hamtaro  as a young child. My favorite Disney movies were Fantasia, Beauty an… 
Need a way to keep the little ones busy while you do you this #EasterWeekend?  Catch Doc Mcstuffins at… 
Eish not sure how to keep them calm this long weekend?  Try getting them to watch Doc Mcstuffins at… 
What if you could run a whole theme park on solar?•Well, for Walt Disney World one park just wasn't enough!… 
Last day in universal orlando and Disney trip but wishing 3 points tonight from #NERevs something has to give 
Now with the success of #Shazam can get around to delivering a #Miracleman TV show or film for Disne… 
Need something to keep the kids entertained this #EasterWeekend?  Let them watch Doc Mcstuffins at 5:30… 
“Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart” xoxo  
Leave the kids with us and enjoy that well deserved #EasterWeekend break! Catch Doc Mcstuffins at 5:30pm… 
Ok I'm only going to say this once... if you put full 5 hours blocks of One Saturday Morning on Disney+, y… 
Fave disney princess? — Merida hehe 
Travel Hacking Disney, Part 2: Key Resources and 
An interesting #disney #infographic (and background)... Every Company Disney Owns: A Map of Disney's Worldwide Asse… 
Beauty And The Beast Princess Belle Eau De Toilette Spray By Disney Only $10.89. USD 
"Ad:" Lego Set 41155 Disney Elsa's Market Adventure  flyingtreasures 
Walt Disney $DIS Hits New 52-Week High at $132.87  
#disney $DIS RSI triangle broke bullish, made new ATH.  
Please donate that puppy to Disney.  We'll raise him right. He'll… 
(NOW OWNED BY RHINO #PaulRyan SITS ON IT'S BOARDTHAT IS WHY IS ON #FoxNews… 
The allure of what’s pure, organic, and a product of Mother Ea... More for Cancer 
IS NOW OWNED BY #DisneyAND, #PaulRyan SITS ON IT'S BOARD#DumpFoxNews#DumpDonnaBrazileWATCH - C… 
I feel like there’s a lot of people who apparently don’t realize or remember THEY were a child once who… 
‘Monsters At Work’: Billy Crystal &amp; John Goodman To Reprise ‘Monsters, Inc.’ Voice Roles On Disney+ Animated Series… 
MBTI Types as Minnie Mouse outfits  
USD POLL : Do you think Disney+ will outperform 
And if Nigeria Has The Largest GDP in Africa then why people aren’t obsessed to go stay in Nigeria then… 
One episode of #blackmirror is better than #thelastjediawful #lastjediawful and #theforceawakens put together … 
Disney World,Florida. For obvious reasons. 
Well i'm sorry for my auto speller it kinda of bugs me sometimes but your the reason th… 
Can you believe these games were rescued from a bin! :o#megadrive #SEGA #segamegadrive #genesis #eccothedolphin… 
Dining at Walt Disney World: Seven Ways to Minimize Costs and Maximize Your Food Dollars 
I got ""Your dad sported a mullet when you were conceived.""!Order Chinese Takeout And We'll Give You A Bluntly H… 
What frustrated me is Disney with nearly limitless amounts of money and access to… 
PHOTOS: Disney Gives First Look at Skyliner Gondola Interior, Passive Ventilation Technology - WDW News Today 
I still get surprised that people are shocked that Disney removed GMR! Lets be honest its days were numbered for on… 
jung jaehyun, nct's resident disney prince 
The Dow Gains 186 Points and Disney Is Only Part of It   #WallSt On April 12, 
Disney needs to bailar to swahili class 
I don't know. How far is Pluto?(That should count double for the back to back Disney references - Pinoc… 
“This is Kim Taehyung and you’re watching disney channel” 
It's #EasterWeekend which means family time!  Treat the kids with Doc Mcstuffins at 5:30pm on… 
Check out Disney Mickey Mouse Iron On Patches Junk Food 90th Anniversary Set of 7  via 
I’ll say what I want. I’ve loved every movie since I was a kid. These people dest… 
"Ad:" Disney Avengers Infinity War Thanos Marvel Select Disney Store Exclusive Figure  fl… 
Arts and Entertainment Deals | How To Draw Animals - How To Draw Animals Using The Lutz Method - Draw Disney-like C… 
Need something to keep the kids entertained this #EasterWeekend?  Let them watch Doc Mcstuffins at 5:30p… 
Insanity sent me to DisneyWorld! 
Your Emma Thompson makes a terribly convincing Disney villain, doesn't she?Anyone got any video of her cackling wi… 
Just check out this little clip by Disney on just how much devastation Mozzies can do with not only entertaining bu… 
Not releasing in my country 
The Walt Disney Company's upcoming new video streaming service, Disney+, not launching in South Africa until at lea… 
6. Favorite song atm: I’ve been enjoying listening to The Beach Boys a lot 
stay tuned on disney chanyeol 
Thanks 
The camera represents all of Hollywood land 
Disney Channel Original Movies were the kids’ version of Lifetime Movies, don’t me 
Who will win the #StreamingWars: #Netflix Vs. #Hulu Vs. #Apple (vs. #Disney) TV (NFLX, AAPL) via 
Top story: Where Is Disney? see more 
"Ad:" Marvel Select - Bleeding Edge Iron Man - NEW NIB Disney Exclusive  flyingtreasures 
Disneyland be like:               
But rumor has it the Disney streaming will be half the price? 
Me: Yeah you’re right that’s prob not true. I’m silly. Me internally: 
Disney + (The Netflix 
ABCNEWS reports Woody and Buzz face their fears in a new teaser trailer for Disney/Pixar's "Toy Story 4" released o… 
Check out DISNEY LILO AND STITCH  OFFICIAL MERCHANDISE MOOD RING SIZE 7 OVAL BEZEL COLOR  #DISNEY via 
Kylo ren only killed Han Solo off cause Disney was sick of paying for Harrison Ford 
Planning a vacation to Walt Disney World? There are many options for making the most of Walt Disney World in Florid… 
disney’s logo is magic by day , magic by night . disney , pay my loans . if not , end my life . abracadabra . 
I hope Disney renews The Orville or at least bring it to Hulu. 
WDW be like:                                   
I think they'll give loads of details on Marvel land for both California Adventure and Walt Disney Studios in Paris. 
#HannahMontana stays in #Disney forever, and I will sing for you forever. So keep asking! 
Larger question: Of all people, why the hell did DISNEY think any of that was a good idea in the first place? 
People are complaining that the new flagship attraction from Disney's Hollywood Studios is now being co… 
Disney be like... 
How do they LIVE TOGETHER. I CANT TAKE A SLIGHT DISAGREEMENT WITH MY MAN AND HES REALLY HERE FULLY MARRIED TO A DIS… 
From the studio that brought you “Toy Story” and “Cars” comes a new movie about saving the planet. Disney-Pixar Pre… 
Question of the night: What’s the most UNDERRATED Disney made cartoon or movie? -My Answer: I personally believe… 
Brother Disney SE-270D Embroidery/Sewing Machine, works great!!!! Click quickl $225.00 #machineembroidery… 
Ontdek alles over King Ludwig's Castle in Disney Village: 
This is Kiya. She's 4 years old and my youngest. She loves being athletic, loves Disney movies and… 
- Can we expect more #Xbox360 games based on Walt Disney Animation films such as #Up to come to… 
I’m really gonna have to sit here and listen to my neighbors playing Disney music all night.. 
Somebody Walt Disney 
disney princess 
Christopher Robin:  I was lost.Pooh:  But I found you.Me:  ~~bawling and sniffling~~What's a Disney movie witho… 
Taylor Swift album be like: Self Titled: Fearless:  Speak Now:  Red: 1989:… 
I want a smoked turkey leg from Disney  
Delta The Official Airline of Walt Disney World Mug Vintage  
None of the above. Until Disney stops advertising on Fox News. 
I figured out the Star Wars show I want on Disney+Rogue Squadron 
Enjoyed Disney on Ice!! 
Disney Movies #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Disney Committed To Making New Alien And Planet Of The Apes Movies 
i love you omg let’s all hang when we get back from disney  
Ohh its a disney themed. Wanna go as a lion but wong really be able to drink with the mask on lol 
Y'ALL BETTER NOT SPOIL ANYTHING UNTIL AFTER I GET HOME FROM COLLEGE IN A COUPLE WEEKS AND CAN ACTUALLY SEE THIS  
The fact that I’ll have to go to Rapid if I want to see the new Disney Penguins movie makes me a little upset.  
Here’s a question:What is your type when it comes to dating?Personally I prefer a girl who has an amazing persona… 
Umm  I’m a Disney princess  #SorryNotSorry but animals come up to me 
The world of #MickeyMouse is #BigTime  
My best friend’s name ahah 
 Mickey mouse.#expomickey90anos #disney em Expo Mickey 90 Anos 
They also bought me like the entire display case of Nestle Magic Balls haha 
MYSELF????? 
Soon there will be a streaming/ uploading service for every niche just like Netflix, Disney etc. YouTu… 
I'm sure you will, and if I see it again I'll let you know. I get a shitload of Disney ads, and baby… 
This show called So Weird is my favorite thing that Disney's ever done (not a joke) and yes, Blake Livel… 
That's fine if you don't. But Disney owns them both. There is a correlation. If the entire story is good… 
Easter Baskets .....#marvel #marvelavengers #babyboys #toddlerboys #easterbasketstuffers #eastereggs… 
Now the Catholic church is worth something like six trillion dollars and that's not even including property I… 
Disney Has Also Stepped Up And Pledged To Help Rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral 
If you stan a character you like would you ‘sit on’ a character you hate? 
5. Character I Stan: Professor Callaghan 
(1) I'm literally having this same crisis. I already have a Mickey Mouse keychain I'm attached to (I'… 
4. First comic:Uhhhh...I honestly don’t know. 
Magic Johnson joins Ice Cube’s bid to buy sports networks from Disney 
3. Meaning behind my urlTurbo Tastic 
Goldman Sachs: ‘It is the dawn of a new era at Disney’   #CNBC On April 4, 
You can have herHell Disney is only keeping because no one else… 
That means you either pay for Hulu or get ads... soon pay for Netflix or get ads. Disney or get… 
This is one of those Disney Original movies that I loved growing up! Apparently the same guy did the fir… 
"We don’t make movies to make money, we make money to make more movies."– Walt Disney 
Why I'm Excited For Disney+ - Cinema Blend 
Disney shares are up after the big reveal of its streaming service   #Nasdaq On April 12, 
are Naruto Shippuden promos that aired on it's Disney XD run.They even once aired n… 
"You Are Not Alone" by Meredith O'Connor, Disney teen pop star and #antibullying icon, is fantastic! To book Meredi… 
What Will the Disney+ Streaming Service Offer?   #WallSt On April 15, 
1. The most obvious reason - owned by Disney 
Thank You #Disney !  Disneys way of keeping out the hood boogers is by making it unaffordable.… 
Transcript: star #KevinCostner speaks poignantly about his #Oklahoma heritage, meeting #WaltDisney and… 
I am always impressed by how the characters at Disney parks really seem to move and "act" like their cartoon counte… 
Fun fact: my family bought me the entire 102 Dalmatians display at McDonald’s I was that obsessed with obtaining them 
I have all the Rugrats and Doug toys. IDK how many Recess I have. 
There are no words...#Disney #MickeyOwnsTheWorld 
Same Matty!!! What day do you guys get to Disney 
Oh jesus....Geek one: "For Frodo" Charge at the Black Gate from Return of the King Disney one: "Hellfire" sequen… 
I’m always terrified someone will say Disney Parks supports something none-PC or a hateful organization and I’ll ha… 
Nobody: You know, I worked at Disney World... 
I know quite a few who go to rallies to pick up chicks. And quite a few knockouts were dyed-in-the-w… 
I got 11 out of 16! How do you measure up?Only A True "Game Of Thrones" Fan Can Name 14/16 House Sigils 
You think #theboys will take the Jack Ryan spot? Would be interesting if Disney+ or e… 
150 comes much sooner than 2021. 
Listen I love Disney (even bad guys can appreciate The Great Mouse Detective), but these live action remakes are ju… 
dear Disney with all your Disney Plus announcements isn’t time to maybe give us The Kingdom Hearts Anime ad… 
do you have a video about Honeymooning at Disney world!? I can’t seem to find any and I’m going next year for my honeymoon! 
Clint Eastwood Circling ‘Ballad Of Richard Jewell’ For Fox/Disney via 
Yo but literally it was St. Patrick’s Day then the next weekend Alex came. Then we went to Florida. Then we went to… 
Glad it was seemingly just clickbait. But it was shared by some Disney fan sites so that gave it some credibility. 
Adam’s mom bought me a shirt and a crew neck that says “look like a Disney princess, fight like an Avenger” you bet… 
Disney is going to smoke em 
Thankfully, Disney Parks had that cancer treated, and Superstar Limo at California Adventure was removed. 
disney is coming out with a rainbow mickey plush for pride and donating 10% of the profits… 
This is so fkn cute and so Disney! Extra I love it 
I walked in the room &amp; my daughter watching Disney channel, the little boy said “any man knows you have to smell it… 
---The Gummy Bear Song - Long English Version Animation, animation movies full movies english,Disney, disney movies… 
I don’t support anything Disney anymore since Disney supports Fox News 
Disney Pixar Toy Story 24 Piece Puzzle 2-Pack - 
Surprise, it’s me bc im going to Disney tomorrow! 
come on man...you need to watch more Disney movies . 
Veteran shaking hand Disney Mickey Mouse tshirt 
Why do you not have a job at Disney? 
Book NOW ..... There's a NEW Captain ..... minniemouse !!!! She will begin making waves on all Disney Cruise Line s… 
I swear!! I can still hear, “and now back to ________ on Disney channel”  in my head. 
NLP parents: Ready to go to Disney world NLP (NLP At 36)NLP: 
But wouldn't that Disney mascot employee be a fursuiter even before them? 
There are some terrible songs that were written during the war against people of color. Ever heard… 
Truth tatted on my neck cause i see right thro your stories Walt Disney ass gangsters 
Too scary. I thought you were a family park. My kids and I will not be coming to Scare Nights this year. 
hi welcome to adult life and your watching Disney channel bitch. 
Off to Florida for 10 days. Hope Disney can get my mind off the bad stuff Fortnite been doing. Please revert 
Saw on snap “these Disney stars are criminals!” first couple were fake ids and other shit 19-20 year olds do.. c’mon 
I’m actually excited for it in a way but terrified at the same time. Lilo &amp; Stitch is my favorite Disney film ! 
The dream lives on! 
"Lilo &amp; Stitch Holographic Starter Stickers" #Disney 
well, and anyone who accepts Disney canon doesn't have a problem. It fits perfectly in Discanon. But… 
Louie sketch card based on the current Ducktales cartoon. #FanArtFriday #Disney #sketching 
Disney 2020? 
BREAKING NEWS: Disney reveals first look at new season of Hannah Montana, coming soon to the Disney Channel  
While I get that Warner Bros's cartoons were somewhat on the edgy side more often than Disney's, Disney could've ju… 
why do you make your software so fucking difficult?  
Disney Descendants Giveaway 
FBF moment...2013 and the family was going through mom and dad getting a divorce. My son thought he’d never go to D… 
Conspiracy, venting, big business, radio and other shenanigans in this &amp; #DropTheMic.… 
For those who think Disney owns nearly everything, you are correct.  
No. I wouldn't watch it if I were paid to, just as I refuse to watch any and all Disney canon. Where… 
Wonder if Disney gets royalties from these?  
They’re going to Disney world 
Because it was introduced extremely late, meaning the responsibility was on the show to adhere to al… 
Come here I will take you to Disney 
Disney's? 
For what possible reason? The only good thing Disney ever did for Star Wars canon was to cut the can… 
Imagine how much money could be made if Disney launched Disney+ on Wednesday night and offered an exclusive viewing… 
The technical part of Walt Disney's magic in the 60ies explained. 
“I love him.” Omg this isn’t Disney, Vanya. You didn’t fall in love over the course of 5 days. 
They absolutely are. They're sickening. "Wretched hive" comes to mind. Try a search for current laws… 
How I feel constantly 
My kind of horoscope!#themagicforlesstravel #stevebakerthemagicforlesstravel #travelwithsteve #disney steve.… 
So today I had this random idea of drawing #Disney princesses but as different nationalities. I don’t think I’ll fi… 
At the panel on Rites of Passage. remarked, “My favorite Disney princess is Loki.” #minicon54 
Just officially booked a house for our week and a half vacation including and Disney! Can't freaking wait. 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” - Walt Disney 
Disney World unveils solar farm larger than the entire Magic Kingdom via 
Are the buttons on Mickey’s shorts white or yellow? Don’t look it up, just answer first. #mickeymouse plea… 
#DisneyStore Exclusive #Marvel Toy Box #SpiderMobile &amp; #SpiderMan Figure Review 
Create a Animated Disney Movies Tier List via 
Will you be getting for $6.99 a month? #StarWars  #MarvelStudios 
I just realized that we wouldn't have the "anime" artstyle if it weren't for Disney. 
I get my disney addiction from my mama tshirt 
"Ad:" Feathered Velvet Dress Costume Cosplay Fantasy Princess Queen Disney  flyingtreasur… 
I have a friends who lives next to Disney and was a princess, so she goes in all the time for (i assume) discount or free  
FalleN ta na Disney 
Has anyone noticed that sometimes Buzzlightyear looks like Nicholas Cage. #buzzlighyear #Disney #Pixar #nicholascage 
El netflix de disney... se llama streaming yarcos culia 
Well it's great that they're adding Mickey's philharmagic to the park, but doggone it Disney, give The Mu… 
And since Disney now owns the Rocky Horror Picture Show, Tim Curry is a Disney Princess 
Check out Disney Mickey Mouse T-Shirt Men's Gray Short Sleeve Size Large 
I showed Ella, a three year old, old Disney shows like Gullah Gullah Island, Bear in the Big Blue House, Out of the… 
Photos that will make you want to visit Disney Vero Beach Resort. #Beach #Disney #DisneyVeroBeach via 
Disney Pin Tag! via 
Disney could just, I dunno, put a disclaimer before the start of "Song of the South" briefly explaining that it was… 
Disney+, Espn+ &amp; Hulu bundle for the dub? 
Check out Vintage 1998 Disney MULAN Action Figure SET~ NIB! Mattel~ RARE! Item 67967 #Mattel… 
I hear ya. I feel like Disney should have to pay for therapy for all 90’s kids. Just a big, “sorry abou… 
LOL  Only a Disney cartoon bear looking like Baloo.  He needed to lose the shirt or find the pants. 
"Ad:" Fantasy: LOT YUJIN Disney 1st ISSUE TOY STORY figure MOC RARE SEALED Woody, Hamm, Bo Peep… 
My latest article, discussing taking Amtrak to Disney World. 
watching cartoons and Disney Movies #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownEaster CandyDisney WorldBullwinkleHalloween 
Disneyland and Disney World Just Banned Large Strollers From the Park 
The adventures of Daniels and Carboni on Disney+ to this fall  
Anybody else still recovering from Disney’s Fox and the Hound induced depression? Because that was some heavy stuff… 
Anyone up for a game of checkers?Love the creativity of the Disney resorts to have cool activities for guests to… 
Disney  #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Spring break vacation 2019 #DaytonaBeach #EpcotCenter #AnimalKingdom Walt Disney World 
She is taking over G.A.M.E. At this rate she buys Nintendo and takes over t… 
A day after my birthday who wants to go  
Actually, since a company decides on the value of their em… 
Petra and I stayed up till nearly 5AM last night discussing Disney movies and drinking coffee. Here's what you need… 
Note to anyone who travels for work: don't let your wife have access to your travel rewards points. You end up in D… 
Hey guy's guess what I just created my own petition of Samurai Jack I would love to change the… 
What happens when  certain people call my phone and I have to wait for it to stop ringing so I can use my phone aga… 
Do you guy's want to see #Ashi to dress up as Tiana from Walt Disney's princess and the frog because A… 
aint perfect but at least they understand Fair Use. #youtube #reaction 
Disney World's new #solar farm is twice the size of the Magic Kingdom: Orlando Sentinel 
Are you guy's interesting to see a Happier ending of #SamuraiJack like a Walt Disney Cinderella ending… 
Are you guys interesting to see a Happier ending of #SamuraiJack like a Walt Disney Cinderella ending… 
Disney does great work, but after they bought out Fox's Blue Sky Studios, who is left to compete with them in the r… 
~ The first Walt Disney movie was Snow Whitelet that sink in for a little  
Got these up on the website! How perfect will these be to wear to the premier of #Aladdin!??!?!? Show you ain't no… 
#news - Disney movies will still come to Netflix after Disney+ launch - - Disney has been p… 
Ok,Ok  
Disney Cars 2 Stereo Speakers Headphones Combo Headphones 
Tour Disney's new 270 acre #solar power facility: Orlando Sentinel #renewable | More w/ Eco… 
at magic the gathering looking like a disney villain 
Disney Cruise Line News 
These Orlando Magic fans are funny.  it’s like y’all are watching a Disney show. 
I am a sad bean that just wants a pretty Disney otterbox case for my Samsung phone. OR D-tech needs to start maki… 
Hey guy's guess what I just created my own petition of Samurai Jack I would love to change the #Samuraijack… 
Beyoncé got A netflix deal, adidas deal, disney deal securing the bag “A black Bill Gates in the making” 
Do you guy's want to see #Ashi to dress up as Tiana from Walt Disney's princess and the frog because Ashi i… 
Do you guy's want to see #Ashi and the scotsman's daughters dressing up as princesses an a big fat gypsy pr… 
I didn’t know this. I never liked Darby haha. 
Are you guy's interesting to see a Happier ending of #SamuraiJack like a Walt Disney Cinderella ending so t… 
i cant believe i met at Disney, so honored 
better renew Its too damn good not be picked up!! 
Are you guys interesting to see a Happier ending of #SamuraiJack like a Walt Disney Cinderella ending so th… 
I got Hermione-Elsa! 
Those Buzz Lightyear references from are hilarious. After all of these years, Mike Baxter’s vlogs are… 
The difference between Parc Spirou and Disney: The character meet and greets at Parc Spirou are all set up in what… 
16TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
Strange that we didn't see some multiple compression after the weak guidance. After $DIS bul… 
George just has a brain and a soul.  I do kind of like to entertain the idea k… 
Just saw a great shot of #Disney #swananddolphin on Have I told you about the bed bugs I got from there l… 
10 minutes until going live: 7+ Ways to save $$ on a Theme Park or Disney vacation. 
Oh. My. God. Look. at. her. butt. 
Disney’s Beauty and the Beast has been cast! 
Two really bad Simons episodes  shame shame  Simpsons episode something Simons were watching… 
Cried there also a very long time agoHell I can't watch the previews for the new Dumbo!&gt;remember i… 
Hey Awesome People,We are live in 15 minutes to talk the rest of #StarWarsCelebration2019, canceling… 
why dont you sell this Moana dress vs the other? This one is better 
And then there were 3...created a nuc from the blue hive today (means it's a new colony) &amp; snagged about 25 lbs of… 
No- Cap is handsomer so he is righter- that’s how Disney movies work 
Disney+: Everything We Know About The New Streaming Service 
What if Disney bought Fox because they heard they were bringing back Last Man Standing to make sure it stayed dead? 
Fun vintage puzzles! ….. #turtle #vintage #etsyshop #etsy #ChildGuidance #Disney #barney… 
I'm feeling like a big kid lol — attending Disney On Ice presents Dare To Dream at Verizon Arena 
great commentary on the Disney+ plans 
I honestly love the random leads I get for Disney trips. It makes me so excited. 
"Ad:" Penguins Mini Zen Beach Fairy Garden Figure Figurine Statue USA March Of Disney  fl… 
 and I are bringing the Disney pin exchange to Pueblo, Metro style! Our amazing agent Chris aka chef w… 
New tradition called Drunk Disney. We watch Disney movies and follow the drinking rules. This week is Hunchback of… 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney #networkmarketing 
I got Gossip Girl 
Hey, another blind Disney fan! Yea! Going to get the new Disney Streaming Video service when it comes ou… 
They'll do like homie did last time I was at Disneyland, just smoke it real sly while you're on the… 
vou no Disney on ice  
Sometimes I really just want to cuddle on the couch with the Godly guy I pray to Jesus about, watch Disney movies o… 
Watch Avengers: Endgame Full Movie [HD Quality]»»» Endgame Full Movie Streaming… 
I was at a used bookstore today just looking at all the Legends material compared to the current ca… 
Spend $10 get $15% off...    via #Etsy #Sale #vintage #vintagesale #Pins #Easter… 
I didn’t realize this was also coming to Disneyland. I know we are getting it in Disne… 
I got Sansa 
Dear Netflix, please never take away the Disney movies and please please pleaseeee add more . 
Being obsessed with Disney. And never plan to.  #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
OOOO it's on Disney+ only?? I've never really been a fan of the "talking animal" style films but I would… 
Investors Sell Shares of Walt Disney $DIS on Strength $DIS 
By year's end, we will be ten years out from a very underrated film. What now stands as a death kneel for tradition… 
 Here Are 27 Jokes Only 2000s Disney Channel Fans Will Understand via 
I got Luna-Rapunzel! 
This lil squirrel and I just stared and talked with each other for several minutes. I am pretty sure I'm a disney p… 
Ready for the D23 Expo 2023, the 100th anniversary of The Walt Company  #d23 #d23expo #disney 
Disney Wonder SAIL AWAY PARTY Live Stream 
Stocks making the biggest moves premarket: JP Morgan, Apple, Disney, Boeing, Tesla &amp; more  
List: Disney+ originals, films, TV series, documentaries &amp; library content. 
He will get his walking orders of he doesn’t tow the Murdoch/Disney line . What can yo… 
Currently sitting in my kitchen drinking a cup of coffee and listing to 
So awesome to see how much you love your new BM You look absolutely BEAUTIFUL!! Love t… 
If they can't, then that isn't your problem. Like, yeah, I do wish I was at Disney World for a wee… 
Me too. Socialist mind destroying is evil. 
It'll probably just pop up on Disney+ next year or something 
Mickey &amp; Minnie’s Runaway Railway to Roll into Disneyland Park 
Not to body shame Pocahontas but her avatar has the figure of a 9 year old in WIR2 
I like radio Disney? Does that count? 
Sad but true  
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." ~Walt Disney 
I‘m Anna, and you ? #theatrenerds 
Disney is being bought by the Murdock family so you are finally right 
I got &amp;#8220;The Place Where Lost Things Go&amp;#8221;. Quiz: Which &amp;#8216;Mary Poppins Returns&amp;#8217; Song Should Be Y… 
More like Disney minus! 
I spoiled myself today. I bought:3 dresses.3 athletic outfits.3 books.A pack of 3 resistance bands....Than… 
Characters Likely To Survive After Endgame' #DisneyPlus #Avengers #Disney #Marvel… 
DISNEY ? 
More analysis as to why #TheGifted was cancelled.  
hairstylesbeauty:The 25 Most Satisfying Beauty Moments In Disney Films | #makeup #beauty #style 
How long before gets involved? 
Tas na Disney ? 
Noticias breves: Mickey &amp; Minnie’s Runaway Railway en 2 parques Disney, apertura de Ducati World, … #parqueplaza 
U KNOW WHO ONTAS IS? SHE’S A DISNEY PRINCESS, POCA-ONTAS HA-HA-HA 
Disney's new #solar farm capable of powering 2 theme parks: WSVN #renewable… 
Here’s an idea Disney. You never know what’s going to be offensive in fifty years time, so… 
Clint Eastwood Circles Back to Direct Richard Jewell Biopic for Disney 
I got stuck between two answers so I’m also Fiona lol. makes sense 
Very underrated. It's one of my favorites. 
Join us as the Disney Pixar Cars Play with the Hot Wheels Ultimate Garage. In this educational video, the Disney Pi… 
5 of the 10 year exclusive license deal with Disney and EA leadership (which is trash as fuck) has… 
Disney’s Animated ‘Hercules’ to Flex as Stage Musical This Summer - TheWrap - -Disney’s 1… 
I want Disney to take away the license from EA. This whole 180 comes not long after they canned (an… 
I got Anna too! 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on #poshmark #fashion #style #shopmycloset… 
Beauty and the Beast is the best Disney soundtrack omg 
Jennifer Lawrence is a Disney princess. It makes more and more sense the more you think about it-- hahahahahahahaha… 
Going to LA next month for drag con and wishing I had enough money to afford a trip to Disney Land :/. We’re totall… 
Song of the South is easily top 5 best Disney movies of all time. 
What’s the point of Disney dishing out free trips if in return you can’t show anything, I thought that was the idea. 
If lil dicky don't get on somewhere with this Walt Disney ass bullshit 
I got "Suffocated in the Cold Reaches of Outer Space"!We Know Which Insane Way You'll Die Based On Your Funeral P… 
I applied for an apartment, registered for my first semester of grad school, and now I’m watching the good dinosaur… 
We talked about going to Walt Disney World with kids this week. Do you prefer your trips with or with out kids?… 
Disney Princes In Their Native Language via 
I got "You got 9 out of 11 right!"!Is This A "Riverdale" Quote Or Did I Just Make It Up? 
I got "Regina"!Everyone Has A "Mean Girls" Character Who Matches Their Personality–Here's Yours… 
Disney World! You can all get in the costume of your favorite character. 
I got "Kai"!What Should Your Name Actually Be Based On The Disney Movies You Choose To Watch?… 
Is that Liz Warren's new campaign slogan?  She's stealing from a Disney movie now. 
Is it really an anthem tho? It's like if Disney asked him to write a song and he couldn't figure out who the target… 
my mom was at the disney store and sent me this, I know S will adore it so I quick called J and asked if I could sp… 
Does it count if it happens on Disney+? I feel that's how Disney is gonna get around a lot of that 
Oh come on. There’s a big difference between a World War and a lack of che… 
Never been on a Disney Cruise  oh well, maybe someday.  
Can it be from a Disney Broadway show? “Monster” from Frozen on Broadway is phenomenal. “When Will… 
These Homemade Churros Are Even Better Than Disney's 
Yes, Sunday morning political shows were ok. And Disney. And Mutual Omaha’s Wild Kingdom (I am dating myself). 
Oh don’t mind me, just plannin’ and schemin’ for my Disney trip in October  
Disney needs to make a live action Lady and the Tramp 
Since Disney owns Star Wars, I would rather see this. 
You mean the Disney movie, which has sold these characters to children for the past decade, MUST not all… 
Wow begs you to make a wish..... 
Everyone wants doctor doom Disney!!! 
Lay in bed Put in Disney movie Eat ice cream  
explains why is betting on clean energy. #ActOnClimate 
This is your big break to be Disney Karaoke Queen. 
Spirit Week: Grades 3rd - 6th Only!*No hats, crazy hair, or extra gear*When: April 22 - 26Mon. April 22: Pj Day… 
The ideal marketing strategy would have been to launch Disney+ tod… 
I blame Disney  
Disney donates $5 million to help rebuild Notre Dame 
Could You Stay at Disney World Until 1 A.M.? You Can Now Party After Hours with Disney Villains 
He was so scary in it (1990)! That shower scene with the fangs! Makes Psycho look like a Disney movie! 
Did not know Disney owned Hulu.  May explain the creepy commercial Alec Baldwin made.  
It’s one of my fave comedy movies. These guys are hysterical and I can’t wait to LMAO tonight! 
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE GOT SAVAGES INTO RATION ON RADIO DISNEY THAT'S INSANE AND IT'S ONLY BEEN OUT FOR A WEEK SO PROUD OF YOU ALL 
Omg!! I know right! The SEXUAL TENSION!! And you know how a boy teases a girl when he likes her!! Like hello!!! T…… 
Mickey &amp; Minnie’s Runaway Railroad coming to Disneyland in 2022 (Disney World’s will open Spring of 2020 in Hollywo… 
List: Disney+ originals, films, TV series, documentaries &amp; library content – FlatpanelsHD 
look through the thread  
Easily one of my top favorite Disney films and you did a wonderful job with this, Courtney. Your style really suits her. 
Yes! Thank you!  
We all have seen at least one Disney movie, but did you know in practically every film there is a hidden secret? 
Visiting #AnimalKingdom for the first time? Use these tips to make it exciting and unforgettable:… 
Seriously?! Does Disney really fear these movies hurting Disney plus? I actually wanted to be able to see some of these on there. 
I was just reading through the Disney website and came across a warning about "acrylamide" in foods. Upon reading u… 
Ariana grande Disney version 
Progress Continues on Disney Skyliner at Walt Disney World Resort 
Oh a rumor that went around that they were taking out the crow scene for disney+ 
Two things can be true at once:1) The Prince of Egypt is one of Dreamwork’s masterpieces. Way better… 
Spring break trip to Disney with the marching band, choir and orchestra was magical 
Two Important Lessons Disney Stock Has Taught Us via by $DIS 
My boyfriend had never seen anything. The Harry Potter movies, Mean Girls (before I met him), most Disney movies, m… 
Do you remember when you joined Twitter? I do! #MyTwitterAnniversary. 10 years? That’s longer than I’ve been on Fac… 
Gonna be in Disney World this weekend?Free LYFT rides with code: MIGUELT10$10 in UberEats with code: EATS-MIGUELT10 
Time for another Disney battle! Toy Story 3 vs A Bugs Life  
American Tourister Disney 18″ Hardside Upright Luggage 
Also on Disney plus is going to be every single Disney movie ever released. 
Like a security guard caught the director on the lot after hours and, when asked his name, he blurted out "Uhhhh! Disney! Tim Disney!" 
To Develop Documentary #StanLee #Disney #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse… 
Imagine being so much wadded up bile and stupidity that you actually think Disney would bot… 
I need disney to get these paper straws rolled out faster 
na disney 
Shoutout to and for having me on their podcast! Make sure you give them… 
I would love to make one of these my header to complete my twitter theme but I can't do the banana ducks dirty like… 
I predict a Disney themed tweetstorm in 7..6..5..4..3..2..1... 
What It’s Like to Grow Up With More Money Than You’ll Ever Spend via 
Disney is going to send Netflix to the BlockBuster overnight drop off slot. 
Check out Disney Tangled Poster - Flynn and Rapunzel (Out of Print) 
Check out Disney Art of Jasmine &amp; Rajah Vinylmation Expo Exclusive 3" Set Figures 2015 
Find out how buying pins to trade with Disney characters at #DisneyWorld ahead of time can save you money.… 
3 Night Bahamas Cruises3 Night Bahamas Cruises from $648 on Disney Cruise Line only at C… 
Too beautiful! And well Disney owns marvel so i guess he is one.... 
"Ad:" Disney Marvel Venom 4" PVC Figure- FREE SHIPPING!  flyingtreasures 
I got Hermione-Belle! 
I still find it funny how they used to be on ABC (owned by Disney), but now they are in FOX… 
Trying to decide between Disney World and a Disney Cruise for Ally...... Decisions  
Honestly, if you'd ask me rn what I wanted more than anything in the world... I just want to snuggle up with someon… 
Actually, Disney World seems to have totally figured this out with their seemingly gazillions of bo… 
Disney and Marvel gonna send interns to the theater if this gets close to 300 mil lol. I tend to think t… 
For real like... Ryan's Toy Reviews shouldn't be on Nickelodeon anyway, at the most like Disney Ju… 
it’s a best seller, awesome!!  i’m saving for a disney trip so i’ll order mine soon  
This Minnie Bunny Piñata Is The Sweetest Disney Easter Treat Of All Time 
Last time I took a week off for a low key romp through both Wizarding &amp; Disney Worlds. This year I felt… 
It’s a Disney movie and his name is Steve! I wanna see it. 
 even though I am few years older than you and I think I am too old for Dis… 
Thank you to our friends at for helping us grant over 130,000 wishes since 1980, including wish kid Freyja'… 
"When you believe a thing, believe it all the way, implicitly and unquestionably." - Walt Disney 
Wait, is Disney actually removing the crow scene from Dumbo? 
9-Year-Old Writes Beautiful Letter to Disney Urging Its Princesses to Wear Glasses #globalcitizen 
Far From Home' Pushed Forward 3 Days #Disney #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #Sony #SpiderMan… 
Disney Channel has ordered a third season of the Emmy(R) Award-nominated animated "Big Hero 6 The Series" ahead of… 
Have so much fun in Disney! 
Haha dude what a loser. You know him sure. You mean you watched him.… 
In partnership with is releasing custom bottles of and… 
Where Is Disney? via 
Disney da California &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Disney da Florida 
hairstylesbeauty:  The 25 Most Satisfying Beauty Moments In Disney Films | #makeup #beauty #style 
My friend is in Florida for vacation and told me it was pouring. But I bet the Disney buses don't have… 
The fact that the mainstream comics have suffered losses since being “woke”… 
You’re right. The picture books and colorful Disney movies were for… 
I think the Disney one is my favorite. 
WHY WON’T DISNEY MAKE MULAN ROUGE??? 
Okay it’s not just Disney land that’s good at making people feel single... it’s all of fucking california 
It’s a win win for me. I don’t want assholes in my fandom AND Star Wars is still so awesome to me… 
Cool! Was there last July for family Disney vacation # 7 since ‘99. Absolutely love that plac… 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownDisney movies with my crayons and coloring book. 
#fuckfox Why The Gifted Has Been Cancelled By Fox &amp; Marvel | 
Meanwhile the company approved a pay package of over $400 million for the CEO. 
i have never been to Disney 
wow disneys solar farm brings enough electric to run 2 amusement parks now thats the way to go no more electric nil… 
While I sure don't disagree, I wish people would stop qualifying the stuff put out after the buyout as "Disney's St… 
Let's all wait until we get official word from Disney on Song of the South. Dumbo I have a hard time believing it w… 
I'm just gonna put this out there. Disney+ should totally develop a half hour sitcom about The Mos Eisley Cantina w… 
Hunt for Easter Eggs at the Store! Join the fun for $5 + receive a collectable toy egg when you find the ei… 
Sam, she answered an ad for an audition. It's fully documeted UT. They gave her a brand and put her u… 
Disney CEO Bob Iger’s compensation is “insane,” says Abigail Disney 
LOCK IT DEEP IN THE DISNEY VAULT BEHIND THAT ANTISEMITIC 3 LITTLE PIGS CARTOON 
"Ad:" Comics: RARE Vintage 1937 MICKEY MOUSE HAS A BUSY DAY Walt Disney Whitman BOOK  fly… 
Disney Parks: 
Radio Disney Announces 2019 'ARDYs: A Radio Disney Music Celebration' 
It wasn’t too bad! Not my favorite Disney film but definitely worth seeing at least once 
Chau netflix, hola Disney Plus  soy feliz 
Netflix is already over Apple and Disney as it prepares to launch this quarter’s earnings  
i sincerely hope disney+ failsWe do *not* need more streaming platforms with exclusive licensing. 
This is 1 example of what narcissistic abuse looks like. Why were ALL kids afraid to tell for so long? It's us… 
I certainly agree. Thanks to the fans Keep tweet… 
Panel 3- Irene Bedard voice of Pocahontas #pocahontas #animation #Disney #fanx19 #slcfanx 
Oh hell no!! I am tired of this fake woke bullshit, LEAVE!!! DISNEY!!! ALONE!!! 
“Nobody cares more about the species we pursue than hunters,” said McLaughlin. “People are kind of Disney-fied, if… 
I’m listening to over and over in preparation for my family’s Disney trip in November, wishing the e… 
Try disney world 
I loathe Disney. Loathe it. 
Toy Story Jessie 11" Doll Disney Store 
Why are so many people dressing inappropriately at Disney world around a bunch of children. You don’t need to be In… 
Disney World or Disneyland? 
The #Descendants3 cast is coming to #DisneyChannelFanFest Saturday April 27 at Disney California Adventure Park! 
It's definitely an early 80's kind of theater. You know...back before Disney decided to eat up Broadway. 
“Disney’s “Hercules” (Vertical) Skyline!“ via /r/lego 
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing-Walt Disney 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownDisney Movies 
How much would it cost to visit every Disney park on Earth? 
feels like a disney movie kinda night. 
“Of all the things I’ve done, the most vital is coordinating those who work with me and aiming their efforts at a c… 
What’s in Disney News Right Now, Spring Décor, and Sparkle Ears! 
I will die mad about the fact that it’s 2019 and Disney has not even considered making a tangled 2 
You are doing it! You are the most exciting Disney girl I know. If you were a real princess you would be the most fun 
I'm just imagining that there was such a scene offscreen in between Anna and Kr… 
It makes me happy to see the group photo here. 
Someone took a 1 week cruise, and someone else did a day at Disney. 
The country that worships has banished 'Leica' ... 
I know a lot of parents tell their kids about a Disney trip way in advance, but I think Ella might go a little wild… 
6 states, Disney and AmazonHe did it by public humiliation and the buiying power of the people who… 
Was in 7th grade when the OKC bombing happened and I don’t think any of my teachers mentioned it all day. I remembe… 
It’s a perfect fit for what was the first "immersive" Disney land outside of New Orleans Square. We alrea… 
And as he was born again, he commandeth Disney Princesses in all stain glass windows. 
Live Q&amp;A Maddie Poppe and Top 10 now #AmericanIdol 
Celebrating Disney's Hollywood Studios 30th Anniversary #WaltDisneyWorld #HollywoodStudios 
A good majority of media seems to be going for hyper realism when it's not the same e… 
put it on Disney+ at launch you cowards! 
I can't wait to go home cause I just got an email saying my disney popcorn bucket arrived!!! 
work for you? 
Kids at Disney. Yep there will be a time you travel with kids so listen to advice from as we discuss br… 
Here are the movies and shows coming to Disney+ 
Disney Is Rolling Out An Adorable Edible Pixar Luxo Ball For Hollywood Studio's 30th Anniversary 
Well apparently Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug and Chat Noire is airing on Disney Channel now(there's a marathon goin… 
Apparently Disney wants to donate money to the rebuild too. 
 A new NSA IG report found that employees spent $2,392 for personal cruise line tickets, $1,568 for Walt Disney… 
Lol not the only place I saw this info 
Check out Disney Monsters Inc Sulley 15' Animated Talking Plush #Disney via 
Ever wish you had a job where you could pay for a personal cruise or tickets to Disney World with the company card?… 
jackson the shakira impersonator that makes burritos and goes to Disney world 
It's important to know which Disney Princess you are. I got Mulan! 
 BREAKING NEWS! #ARDYs: A Music Celebration is coming to Disney Channel on Sunday, June 16, and… 
I’ve answered this a couple times lol but yes I understand what Disney’s marketing plan is 
I have so much shade w Disney. My fav is a study I read which showed that girls who loved Disney when the… 
Who is her favorite disney princess and why (Its cute their reactions) 
A Bug's Life Full Movie English - Disney Movies Full Length - Animation Movies For Kids 
We decided on a Disney cruise to the western Caribbean. Figured it gave me the designa… 
Check out Jiminy Cricket Metal Disney Pin Trading 2002 Walt Disney Pinocchio Movie Jimminy #Disney via 
Check out Nightmare Before Christmas Official Set of 3 Pins Pinbacks Lapel Disney Hearts   via 
"A man should never neglect his family for business." - Walt Disney#FamilyFirst #TimeFreedom 
These CEOs make 1,000 times more than their employees:-Arthur Peck, Gap-Ynon Kreiz, Mattel-Joseph Hogan, Align… 
You have to go to an actual Sketchers store albeit not a fan, they came through for a sister with fa… 
My son going to be so spoiled y’all should see his room already that’s my lil man can’t wait until he come ho… 
Oh man. Disney is really setting parents up for melt down city on this. Not cool, Disney. Not cool. 
Not surprised since Disney and Ghibli both have been 100% style influencers for me in the backgrou… 
Just imagine if Disney announces that the opening of WDW’s Star Wars land will be delayed.  
The Black Cauldron - Disney's Halloween Masterpiece 
I’m just glad Disney doesn’t own the rights to all of the classic films deemed racist. Espec… 
Oh hah, nah too many curse words and blood. Which is wild, considering these are Disney movies 
New Video about Practice posted here #disney #disneyartists #art #practicemakesperfect 
Mable and Dipper together at last LOL #slcfanx #GravityFalls #Disney #fanx19 
Check out Vintage 1998 Disney MULAN Action Figure SET~ NIB! Mattel~ RARE! Kahn Grandma #Mattel… 
It’s been Disney junior oko. nigga is restless when then cartoons aren’t playing 
If Disney buys Facebook, posts reactions will be like.. 
Disney made it boring. 
When does Disney+ launches? That's the new date. 
I've stated on more than one occasion that there is an interdimensional portal in the St. James sub-bas… 
For Disney to pretend they never made Song of the South is the wrong approach.Would we talk about it as much if t… 
Ha.  And the books are nothing once Disney bought the franchise.  Poof! Disappeared.  In its place...ugh… 
Allie, they’ll just move it to Disney+ 
Disney is coming to consoles, PSN name changes, and more! Listen on:    :… 
*After the first screening of Disney's Hercules*Disney : And there you have it! We got all your favourite gods in… 
I should say fully virtual Disney ride; most Disney rides are high-tech these days. And from what I underst… 
There's a kind of irony--I know people complain the prequels are "too funny," but then I laugh that my niec… 
41 Cute Disney Tattoos + Best Ideas and Designs (2018 Update) - Jennifer Goolsby-#Cute #Designs #Disney #Goolsby… 
Oh they pushed back the Disney world version to next yearI thought they wanted it running this year to take some crowds from galaxy's edge 
Watching the original Disney Aladdin with my kids and just realised that this 90s CGI is a million times better tha… 
Sorry if it wasn't clear, the Quest arena thing was cool, too! It's just the design of it pushes you toward… 
Disney villain 
Not sure how didn’t win Greek God ... and Brother Stubbs are the spitting images of… 
so I’ve been holding this in for fear of looking really fucking stupid, but what the fuck happened to t… 
       Ndingamthembisa ne Disney land, noba andiyi afford, just to prevent him... 
Authentic 925 Disney Minnie Abstract Pave Charm Sterling Silver via 
Disney nails  #socute 
Authentic 925 Disney Mickey &amp; Minnie Infinity Charm Sterling Silver via 
I really need to break away from my early 2000s Disney persona and find that wild MTV freak I've always wanted to be #LateTeenageRebellion 
Random thought but wouldn’t it have been cruel if Infinity War had been the last film included in the Sony-Disney c… 
#Disney getting into the #recurringrevenue #subscription #businessmodel like Netflix. 
Authentic 925 Disney Parks Exclusive Fantasyland Fireworks Charm Sterling Silver via 
Just saw a commercial for a pooping unicorn toy on Disney XD. 
There’s like 3/4 companies the run everything legit a monopoly... How do y’all feel about this and why should we be… 
Black Disney dominates any era  
Disney Drops Ominous New 'Descendants 3' Teasers, Plus New Look at Dizzy!  Anna Cathcart just showed off a brand n… 
Check out WALL-E watch disney pixar wall025 still in bag collectors item! Sold as not work #Disney… 
Daily reminder to drop those  for #BoyWithLuv feat Halsey on Boy With Luv 8 (-4)… 
I already got mine  
Walt Disney 
my katycat side got two songs this week and American idol Disney night is Sunday and then my swiftie side gets #TS7… 
i used to have those really old hardcover disney encyclopedia type books as a kid that were full of e… 
Back when Disney Channel was excellent and #ToonDisney existed. #FlashbackFriday #TimonAndPumbaa  
Alot of people have no business being parents from this woman to the woman arrested at Disney for dump… 
Sad, but not super surprised, they cancelled Hopefully Disney finds it a new home. 
It's a shirt. Who cares? If you see someone wearing it, just note he is an idiot and dont interact with him.… 
The companies of Disney. Stock options abound. 
One place i missed the most on Disney Land"Kuta ni iron man"#flashbackfriday 
Waiting on to make Anastasia merch now that they own Fox like, 
Stormtrooper #photography #blackandwhite #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast #monochrome… 
Universal studios. More adult rides, Disney land has a lot more kiddy rides. 
Me taking a picture on the CR of the Happiest place in the world, Hong Kong Disney Land#flashbackfriday 
I'd like to see Disney being a house of ideas again more than a house of IPsHonestly I'm… 
#OperationMissPiggy2019Words of wisdom!!!°° °° °° °° °° --++--++--++--++--++--++--++--++-- . . . . .… 
this is a good question, we could probably trick a few vapid millionaires but the moment fox news &amp; the… 
petition for bts to sing in a disney movie? 
Live: Epic Resort Hopping Stream in 1080p - Walt Disney World Live Stre... via 
Vintage Disney Seven Dwarfs Necklace, 1950s Snow White Movie Memorabilia #FridayFun… 
Walt Disney.- #quote #image Via 
Rare 1998 Disney Animal Kingdom Vintage Hair Clip | Made in France | Large Disney Hold Back Hair Clip | Elephant Li… 
Have I told you about the awesome short  I’ve written that Disney should pick up? It involves a forgotten tennis ba… 
Sofia Carson Set To Host Re-Branded RDMA Celebration 'ARDYs: A Radio Disney Music Celebration' Sofia Carson is co… 
Disney Sleeping Beauty Vintage Christmas Ornament | Dimensional Open Book with Castle | Classic Collectible Holiday… 
1990s Disney / Pixar Lithograph Collection A Bug’s Life with Original Envelope | The Disney Store Collectibles | Re… 
Tinker Bell Vintage Disney Christmas Ornament | Porcelain Collectible Holiday Ornament via 
1. King of the Hill2. Disney Infinity 3. Dandelion Wine by Ray Bradbury 
Disney+ Will Likely Release The Mandalorian Episodes Weekly: Will it Pay Off? - IGN 
Top 5 melhores músicas da Disney pra mim  1- Beauty and the Beast - Bela e a Fera2- You will be in my heart - Tar… 
The Planet Hollywood shop is gone from Disney's Hollywood Studios. Did you know it opened BEFORE the Planet Hollywo… 
New #toystory4 Poster. #disney #pixar #toystory #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies… 
#StarWars will always be about the originals. Novelties and new characters will always be welcome, such as… 
Tooele Tech had huge numbers attending graduation last night!  We are so proud of our students and their accomplish… 
Lol you obviously don’t understand, we aren’t saying it’s Disney’s responsibility. It’s an e… 
Esmeralda from Disney's "Hunchback" has a flawless selection of Twitter gifs.  FLAWLESS. 
The internal struggle playing out at Disney over who exactly Rey should be is more entertaining than the actual mov… 
disney renova the gifted por favorzinho 
We a wanted this. True Star Wars fans wanted this and deserved to have this. Disney are the sith and beyond. 
Disney+ Will Likely Release The Mandalorian Episodes Weekly: Will it Pay Off? - IGN Nordic 
Disney Fun 
I enjoy films on their own merit and you are very close to cor… 
When my hubs loses me in the store, 9 times out of 10 he finds me in the toy section looking at cars. I… 
When we went to Disney and CA Adventure we had a fanny pack and it was great. 
Today's 
Disney World once considered building a fifth theme park dedicated solely to villians, called "The Dark Kingdom". 
Disney hadn't purchased/bastardized either I.P. at that point in time though 
ABC/DISNEY here are the crimes....Wake up! 
my momma really had me on disney channel artists ann nsync and backstreet boys and shit as a kid bruh  but sh… 
It was a fight, but it could have been running the mile in gym or being excited about a trip to Dis… 
I went to Disney and got reminded several times of your amazing disneybounds for March! 
Picked up Disney's 'Fantasia' (1940) on VHS the other day at an op shop...it's fucking boring! You can have it. 
Jesus Christ. How much is Disney paying you to try (and fail) to make this emotionless android look like an… 
Circle of life sweetheart... we all have to go through this.. lol...  #lionking #disney #life #real… 
Disney World didn’t violate any safety rules and won’t be fined by OSHA after a worker was crushed to death by a ut… 
so...Newt for disney + anyone? 
The only relatable Disney character is the villager in Beauty and the Beast who can't get her shit together enough to find six eggs. 
Disney+ explained in 1 minute: #InnoTechToday #DisneyPlus  
I knew it 
Hopefully an app for it on that day as well?!! PLEASE 
Magic Johnson joins Ice Cube in push to acquire sports networks from Disney 
I worked a lot with "Patagonia quality" in the 80s when it was defined by its quality.. Now just a brand, as s… 
Need to take marketing lessons from people standing in line to get into a beauty product store. It’s like… 
Disney, Commerzbank, United Health lead Weekly top Gainers/Losers #Forex #FX #Macro # Commo… 
spring cleaning extravaganza! my baby poetry collection is only $5 now! get yours before it goes in the disney vaul… 
Grande Lakes Orlando - close to Disney so you have access to all the fun without all of the crowds. 
(At Fox, brothers would dine together at the old Cafe de Paris commissary on the lot; at MGM, the Masonic lunch bun… 
Disney's removing the crow scene? 
I'm wondering if they'll get Aladdin some they seem to have a Disney license 
With its 3,000-seat auditorium and dining hall serving up to 1,500 men, the temple for decades brought together Mas… 
The 110,000-square-foot property's famed Millard Sheets murals have been restored, while white-hot art star Alex Is… 
When ypu see merch for one of your favorite Disney movies (hint v) 
If you're referring to the Disney Party  2 then you're not allowed in. Find another party 
We’re coming for every racist bit of your history, no more nostalgia for you bud. Foun… 
As it happens, Walt Disney himself was a member of a Masonic offshoot youth organization, and many of the founding… 
Omg I Stan and after that viewing party. Hilarious! So the goal to #daddywest heart is tequila a… 
*female version of Walt Disney 
Je me rends compte que I am sentimental aff, I keep all kinds of things because they represent a memory to me like… 
The mysterious all-male society lured entertainment's most powerful, and now the Guess brothers' new art museum in… 
Like watching a Disney movie - just entertainment! 
Disney bought out FOX. Disbey is far left supporters 
Maybe Disney will make a cartoon portraying her white . 
We recently purchased an Alexa for the house. Overall, pretty satisfied.My 3yo daughter has started to use it as… 
I am a Disney Princess unless Avengers need me shirt, lady shirt, hoodie 
Erik’s grandpa built the rides at Disney Parks worldwide. Tell us your story from the trades! #HONORAWORKER 
Disney! Aladdin! 
When one of your best friends has an interview with Disney 
Join us for a recap of our lunch experience at Jaleo, the newest restaurant to open at Disney Springs! 
Could I get plz get birthday wishes from my fav Disney actors or it wou… 
The existence of Disney makes me want to be an ancom 
Three years ago today, I was heading out to Walt Disney World for the first time.  Someday I want to go back! 
I can't stand that Jennifer Aniston tactic of the fake twin for a zip code and lifestyle upgrade. Jennifer Aniston… 
can't wait! #funko #HauntedMansion #Disney 
YO HERE'S A LIVING PRINCE 
adam is the ugliest disney prince 
such as people who expect children to be church quiet during Disney movies 
I'd do that all day with The Office. 
That's not ME being a nerd!! DISNEY made that decision!! 
Disney bought them 
Will Disney Plus have all the Muppet series in available in HD? I think that's the only way I'll be excited about it. 
Disney makes me very happy and pleased and warmhearted Program that never ends with magic and fans a… 
Taking my girlfriend. She’s never been I’m pretty excited to share all my Disney knowledge with her 
Try NOT to be inspired when you read these Disney quotes ;)#newblogpost #disney #quotes 
You had best vote for #DumboSoars on Burton’s #Dumbo reboot is an exciting adventure 
John I leave for Disney April 28. Need me to do any freelance work for you LOL 
Starting with 'did Disney make an animatronic Hilary Clinton because they beleived she would win only to then have… 
 Nothing on planet earth can make me care what Disney does, and I think the fanbase would get further… 
We wish you well as you grow through puberty and young… 
At both Disney World and World of Coke in Atlanta you can try soda from around the world, and one from I w… 
Knowing you've been to Disney makes this so much better. 
Ummm, you think this is anything new??  You guys really expect that any of our countrys  presidential cand… 
Get Birnbaum’s Disney World Guide. 
hey beautiful I have a mini mouse shirt and a Disney scrap book I’m trying to get rid of $7 for both if you’re interested  
Little fun doing prep for #Easter dinner #ham #frozen #letitgo #lipsync #dadstuff 
I know you watch a lot of Disney movies.Natalie Certain 's "Heck of a win" kept playing in my head. … 
devon hadsell worked at disney. i’m whattt 
doing Disney stuff in my heart 
Wonder if Walt Disney would be disappointed that the Monorail is basically an after thought at Disney World? Why do… 
From dirt to #StarWars #computers video: #Disney #StarWarsCelebration #StarWarsShow #tech 
That or a kinky sex move only seem and spoken about in the rankest dankest darkest porn.......or a Disney princess movie 
If you plan on checking out the Disney California Adventure Food and Wine Festival before it ends, make sure u take… 
It's how we'll all go one day, Steve. Once Disney buys Walmart, the whole world goes Wall-E future. 
Artist: #zootopia2 #disney #judyhopps #nickwilde #wildehopps #hoppswilde #furry… 
You: I WANT DEATHS TO FEEL REAL!… 
noturindigibabe: indigenousandangry: If you want just one (of many) valid reasons to hate how the Disney... 
Shiiiiit, I could see him as Hades in a live action Disney's Hercules too. 
Try working at Disney. This is no different. 
Experience ‘Villains Unite the Night’ and More During Disney Villains After Hours This Summer at Magic Kingdom Park… 
It’s probably best this way. Disney probably would’ve turned it into an uninspired CGI bore 
Great communication with our clients and employees helps to overcome challenges. Check out what Walt Disney had to… 
Last week announced at the company's investor day that #Disney+ will be available starting Nov. 12 for $6.9… 
Even still, it doesn’t have to make a billion to be successful. Especially wit… 
Disney World is now harnessing the sun to power its parks! Currently, solar power is able to generate 25% o… 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Planet Hulk Gladiator Disney Store Diamond Select Figure- Loose  flyi… 
But really it’s the BEST Rice Krispie treats on Main!!! #WDW #disney #RiceKrispiesTreats… 
I thought the Disney film was cowardly and reprehensible. If they're going to keep doing that crap,… 
Awesome 70x70cm Disney Princess Diamond Painting WIP by papeleriablanes !!  Thanks for sharing!  Tap the link… 
You might think this is just a reskin of Quartz, but you'd be wrong. Think of it as version 2.0 that's been Disney-… 
I just missed it. I delayed my first visit to let the crowds die down. The boats were also already n… 
It's been an incredible run since INFINITY WAR. I was wondering how Disney would pull this year off. 
Oh whoa is poor overpaid Disney brat who is living through “hell”. Girl you wouldn’t know the first thing about hel… 
Okay, I'm gonna say it again. Saying "it wasn't no Disney movie" is s… 
What was your favorite movie as a kid? — Probably a Disney movie like Robin Hood. But I’m going to say Beetlejuice… 
Tea Time!!! (And I may be really wishing I was in Disney right now )  
Could Clint Eastwood's Next Movie Land Over At Disney/Fox? 
The B Resort &amp; Spa Disney Springs 
Disney world in a couple weeks, prom a couple weeks after that, then graduation  
Why You’ll Be Subscribing to A New Platform to Expand Upon Iconic Stories2.The… 
Mine was while listening to Radio Disney 
#Disney I’m still willing to #work with you on darth vapor plz #respond to my #emails ive sent like 20 #StarWars… 
Soar behind the scenes of the live-action #Dumbo in this deluxe coffee table book written and designed by Tim Burto… 
Sometimes u make awkward faces lol First impression video Disney Villains Ev… 
I identify as some Disney princess’s dead mom 
I want to get them off my Direct TV! I don’t want them  even coming in… 
If the puck went in He absolutely would’ve continued to take the abuse of the coach because he was the fath… 
Will you build a star wars lands, here in KANSAS CITY area? 
Captain Minnie Mouse has begun to make the rounds on all Line ships. Check her out in action!… 
I may be late but I just realize Skip again works for a Disney owned company after leaving ESPN because he said he… 
Disney Reveals Extra New Merchandise Coming to Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge 
#disney #coffee #mornings alakazam used make coffee. It's super effective. Centennial, Colorado 
Podcast: DIS Unplugged covering all things #Disney #DisneyLand and #DisneyCruise via: TheDIS Audio:… 
On this #EasterWeekend I think we shd all… 
Womens American Apparel Disney Haunted Mansion Wallpaper Icon T Shirt Size M 
I stand by #thegifted fans  #SaveTheGifted 
Vintage Disney Seven Dwarfs Necklace, 1950s Snow White Movie Memorabilia via 
Ha!  He is exactly who I was watching last night.  It was a video from like...two years ago I thin… 
The joy of having a Fancy Nancy tea party #FancyNancy #teaparty #oohlala 
I am meeting so many princesses and characters at Disney and I’m officially having the most magical vacation EVER 
No one:Me: a thread of picture of us at Disney 
Disney Scraps 'Mouse Guard' Two Weeks Before Production Set to Begin by #mouseguard 
Trump makes Nixon look like a beloved Disney character...time for the Republicans to distance themsel… 
Disney can be put on hold rn because this is a serious matter 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Thanos Marvel Select Disney Store Exclusive 7" Action Figure  flying… 
Bro........ I just thought about all the shows and Disney channel original movies they’ll have on Disney+ and I got low key excited 
There are so many of us that love all things Disney that can help her reach her goal! 
Well, I only make 55, but you’ll get there! Especially with all of us who love Disney!  
Disney’s Hollywood Studios 30th Anniversary Food Favorites 
Netflix Not Worried About Apple, Disney, Says It&amp;apos;s Thrilled By Competition   #WallSt… 
Pronouns in bio, your opinions mean nothing. This would’ve been a better trilogy than the one we go… 
I wish that this Passover I was looking for the Afikomen in the Happiest Place on Earth #passover2019… 
Disney take over of fox. Where do we hear our voices now.  Conservatives of sound thought are being silenced. Even… 
"Rotten to the core" has the advantage of a ready-made Disney movie song, tho 
Relax in style at Disney's Hilton Head Resort! #Disney #DisneyResort #DisneyHiltonHead via 
One of the cooler animatronics at Disney World has to be Olaf.  We love how he walks!! Have a great Frozen Friday… 
Family made it home yesterday. My world (sanity) is back in order. And in a week we'll be packing for our Disney Cruise. Happy, Happy. 
Jay looks like every Disney villain we hate.....&amp; he talks like all the WH mouthpieces; sez nothin… 
y’all remember the disney send it on video pls i want to cry 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Disney World Mickey Mouse Hat Beige Cotton Canvas.… 
Character out of a Disney movie. 
Check out Vintage Disney Duck Tales Valentine Adventure Cards (1986) 32 Valentines! So WOW  
We’re in the single digits for Disney. #nine 
Disney Goes Over the Top: How Does Its Streaming Service Stack Up? 
i saw this so: do yourself a favour and revisit disney songs. they seriously bring back a piece of you when times were good period 
Best collab since Disney’s “Send it On” 
UK pavilion library shelf #photography #blackandwhite #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
Might as well through all of Disney in there. 
Check out Vintage Disney Mickey Mouse Valentine Cards (1990) 16 Large Valentines! New old  
Disney Shares Particulars on ‘Villains Unite the Evening’ Stage Present Coming to Magic Kingdom 
#Pooh came to my house. A small figure at $1. #Disney #Japan 
Disney is a distraction.QPost 144 
I didn’t know that Hulu is owned by Disney! Glad I had cancel them! 
Are you looking for a cool performing arts camp this summer? Check out Disney Performing Arts! 
Naturally, we had to compare our hair colors ...#disneyworld #disneyig #disney #waltdisneyworld #ariel… 
Check out Disney Parks Lounge Pajama Pants Mickey Mouse 1928 Cartoon Black White Size S 
Check out Disney Inspired 6 Piece Flask Set Great Groomsman Best Man Usher Wedding Gift ⁦… 
Snapchat; lyft; Disney; activision, chipotle; McDonald’s; urban outfitters; limited brands; Tesla; the… 
Inside looks at new Disney Skyliner Gondola car! Cabins accommodate up to 10, including wheelchairs or assistive de… 
When I got a crush on Disney princes. 
Ted Cruz Mocked for Joke About Disney's Donation to Help Rebuild Notre Dame: 'Almost as Funny as ... 
Pittsburgh Nerd Podcast We talk about Star Wars trailer that was released this week and all sorts of Star Wars dis… 
The Little Mermaid is turning 30 this year &amp; Disney is celebrating by hosting The Little Mermaid Live in Concert at… 
TIL that Lemmings do not commit mass suicide, it is a myth started by a 1958 Disney film "White Wilderness" that in… 
Today I can't stop longing for the boys' alternate Solo movie, an adaptation of Cannonball Run wit… 
Join in on the fun Fish Extenders tradition on your next Disney cruise #cruisetips #fishextenders… 
Pour one out for my boy sora, rest in peace disney final fantasy headass. 
#GIVEAWAY: Enter to win a #Descendants3 Prize Pack which includes a $25 Disney E-Gift card! 
I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things. - Walt Disney 
Salty Language 402 - Pym Hand Strong This week  we are live again and discussing storage, Bryan's t-shirts, Star W… 
Disney bought Fox. Any credibility they once had is lost. Find other news sources. 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost - Android Central via 
Missed this reply! Sorry. Aladdin's my fave of modern-era Disney films. The 1st short story I sold (to a… 
Not sure how I feel about the new Star Wars trailer. Can Disney redeem how poorly they've managed The Force Awakens… 
Who should check out my latest podcast? Well, you should. We cover Marvel, Star Wars, and DC Universe news includ… 
We cover tons of big news this week including:- Disney+ Pricing- shows- The Mandelorian-… 
Bold words wear tall boots, and once you start them ma… 
See every company that Disney owns collected in a single, enormous map 
The space features four different rooms inspired by the popular live-action Disney movie. 
VISIT YOUR FAVORITE PLACES WITH #comics 
A quality cinematic education is not to be underestimated #HighSchoolMusical #Disney #GoWildcats 
Disney. 
just want to dance and go to Disney smh 
GRD Talks Disney Cancels Mouse Guard, AMC Adapting King King King's Sleeping Beauties, May 10 th The Continental Op… 
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney #success #entrepreneur 
They have a downtown Disney to???? 
Bunny duck, a super cute new character in Tokyo DisneyPlease:1. Retweet2. Comment your Twitch3. Follow and I’ll… 
Disney, Disney es bien 
And yesterday I wondered if kids still had Disney Channel movie premiere parties anymore. 
1 step closer to thawing out Walt Disney so he can run for President in 2024! 
Recently I’ve taken a liking to Mackenzie from she seems super kind and genuine! Plus she’s a DISNEY… 
Maybe if you guys offered like 1 day early release films for the higher paying customers alongside with 'cover our… 
"Ad:" Orangebird DISNEY Inspired Fantasy Pins (In Production Sale) LE 50, ETA 6/21/19  fl… 
Disney Shuts Down Mouse Guard Weeks Before Production Starts 
"Ad:" Fantasy: STAR WARS STAR TOURS SERIES 3 CHIP &amp; DALE AS EWOKS NIP VERY RARE DISNEY 2009 
Cinderella’s Royal Table–Walt Disney World 
BJMS WINNING TIMES: 7a- Yard Jam feat Megan Stallion, 7:30a- Disney On Ice:Dare to Dream, 8a- $4k a Day National Ke… 
Disney Pledges to Donate $5 Million to Notre Dame Cathedral 
Roasting for charging $2 extra cuz they are scared about the amount of money they will lose… 
Experience ‘Villains Unite the Night’ and More During Disney Villains After Hours This Summer at Magic Kingdom Park 
Tribune Media CO TRCO key SCL Media stream Moline, IL WQAD-SubDT=… 
“I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that #life is a complex ma… 
Cool so Disney+ announces $6.99/m and y'all wanna raise my payment to $16/m. Name one good Netflix Origina… 
They don't have to be. Star Wars can have large, sprawling adve… 
See every company that Disney owns collected in a single, enormous map – BGR #Disney #DisneyPlus #Fox  
Fun fact Friday...The first movie ever to put out a motion-picture soundtrack was Snow White and the Seven Dwarves… 
Walt Disney World Resort Celebrates Earth Day With Massive New Solar Facility Capable of Powering Two Theme Parks 
Disney Introduces Program To Encourage Careers at Sea for Females 
Decked out in my #Disney stuff for comfort since my #EmilyWantsToPlay stream is about to start...#terrified but gra… 
The 303) renews its animation series, Big Hero 6, for a third season ahead of the start of it… 
Ice skates + + live TV= must watch. Join us on as we preview #Disney on Ice: ‘Dare to Dream’ a… 
Someone needs to tell to back away from the "live action remake" idea generator. Ain't no way we need a l… 
Wouldn't surprise me in the least. Disney seems to be putting everything mutant based away. Typical. 
Granddaughter as her favourite Disney character of the moment.. Rapunzel. Taken today  #disney #rapunzel… 
Loving Disney’s ‘Up’!A heartwarming yet thought-provoking example of how much of an impact #intergenerational relat… 
It may appear as if there are not enough hours in the day to f... More for Cancer 
Lil easter Disney magic 
Disney World's new solar farm is twice the size of the Magic Kingdom 
“The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney 
The Cat From Outer Space (1978) #disney #thecatfromouterspace #disney #scifi #cats #jake 
The Cat From Outer Space (1978) - Jake and Frank (Ken Berry) #disney #thecatfromouterspace #disney1978 #scifi #cats 
I just took this quiz 
I’m being attacked 
Walt Disney $DIS Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research 
Walt Disney $DIS Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research  
Walt Disney $DIS Given New $139.00 Price Target at Imperial Capital  
Disney offers $5 mn for the Notre-Dame it once immortalized on film   #WallSt On April 18, 
“All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” –Walt Disney 
CAPTAIN &amp; TENNILLE'S GREATEST HITS (1977) should be in your collection. 12 tracks, 4 each from the 1st 3 albums - a… 
How Disney conquered the Animation Industry with these 12 principles by 
Remember when Disney had “Send It On”?? But doesn’t care to donate to the real world issues. 
5 Minutes IRISH Gummy Bear Song GAELIC St. Patrick's Day Gummibär Animation, animation movies full movies english,D… 
This week on #TNFW we take a look at the #StarWars9 #trailer Are you as pumped as we are to see it this Christmas?… 
Getting to the point I hate Disney and wish to see them nuked twice like Japan 
No one knows. But Disney DID donate a million bucks or something. I smell a coverup. 
It's a children's movie. It's not like they're going to develop it into their own "Disney's Marvel" or so… 
Ep. 648!We take a look at a couple of new dining options available at Disney Springs!  We… 
Justin the singer that writes songs and goes to Disney world 
New post: Disney Pixar CARS: RSN Network YouTube Videos 
Dusting my Disney Infinity collection this morning made me wonder about all the cool figures we could have had. I w… 
ABC? Owned by Disney who Bernie called out not paying a living wage. Figures 
WIN 1 of 4 family packs of 4 tickets to 'Disney On Ice presents: Magical Ice Festival" - plus a Tangled cart ride f… 
I uploaded a new episode, "Disney Plus Ultra!", on #spreaker #brucewayne #dcuniverse #disney #endgame #mandelorian… 
“The way get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” – Walt Disney #quote 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on from #poshmark #fashion… 
Logo Vo pra Disney ey ey 
I saw the bunny from Honey I Blew Up the Kids in person at Hollywood Studios when I was a kid and I wanted him so b… 
I’m scared to say this since last time a Taylor single dropped I was literally suicidal....I do hope I’m crying but… 
Walt Disney $DIS Rating Increased to Neutral at BTIG Research 
and have donated money to rebuild Noterdame Cathedral which is pretty awesome...I wonder if they don… 
Yes. Her and Aqua were the only goodAquamarine characters  
I got "Cecilia Banks"!Take This Quiz To Find Out Which "Aquamarine" Character You Are 
Takalani Sesami, winks club, Tellytabies, DragonBallZ will always be thee Cartoons. Not ezizinto zika Disney zangoku 
And it.doesTotally agree with you 
Yesterday I wanted a new place for my birthday party (??) 
I told myself I was going to stay up late &amp; write. Instead I watched Great British Baking Show, deleted my first AO… 
God has been so good to me 
Never have I ever thought about you and your dad 
My ex is a bad guy (Ex crush was, yes) 
I love how my grandma is so dang cool 
I am actually a little bit confused but I’m not trying to be a bad friend 
In this essay I will see what I can Rabbit about the next week 
WORLD NEWS promulgated: Peter Bart: Surviving Eisner &amp; Ovitz Snubs, Disney’s Bob Iger Dazzles Wall Street Again Wit… 
A mood 
Milo Manheim really filmed Disney Zombies at 16 
Me if I met 
Avengers: Endgame Full Movie HD [1080p]«Watch in HD : »»» Robert Downey Jr. Walt Disney… 
I’ve lived in fear for like 15 months that soemthing would happen again in a different way Even if nothing is im… 
def the most underrated Disney show 
Shangai Disney looks like such an epic park and now I'm sad I still have to wait so long. 
Family Guy on Disney± please 
Disney’s stock could rally 70%, says one chart reader   #CNBC On April 5, 
Apple and Disney donate to help rebuild Notre-Dame Cathedral 
Ahluma is outgrowing Disney Junior,  Nickelodeon is the business now... 
As Disney prepares to unveil Disney+, chart suggests breakout from a four-year rut  
Huge reason why I don’t like Disney 
So, I didn't think about it until later, but if Beauty and the Beast opened 25 years ago, then Disney Theatrical an… 
Disney will take over the world one day. #Disney #DisneyPlus #StarWars #EpisodeIX #TheRiseOfSkywalker… 
This is my mood for the #longweekend  #chilled #IDrewThis #HappyEaster #MickeyMouse 
Nickelodeon is seriously the only channel that maintained momentum hey, CN and Disney reallt fell off since THESE D… 
Disney, oh how I miss you!!! I am having Disney withdrawals!! But got exciting news today that will make Disney an… 
NO DON'T LET THE SHOW COME TO AN END PLEASE!!!!! THIS SHOW MAKES MY THURSDAYS GREAT AFTERWORK COMING HO… 
Speaking of Chiefs road trips, my wife and I are doing the opening game in Jacksonville and then we’re… 
Sorry if I come across as brown-nosing, but I wanted to wish you a happy birthday, Mr. Woods. I kno… 
How you finna go to Disney land without me mf 
Yes, I’ll never forget when “Roy Disney, Walt’s older brother,” became a thorn in Eisner’s side. Not bad for a man that dead. 
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney #business #onlinebusiness #networkmarketing 
Why your nudes when I can have that one guy from Disney send me a whole ass video ? 
Where to Buy Walt Disney World Tickets #TravelTuesday #travel 
Ross is this true?? Do you have an in at Disney who can confirm or deny? 
I got Luna-Moana! 
I wish I got into comic books the same way I did with Disney Princess Children's Books when I was younger. I would… 
Pay 2 rights are for movies released 2016 to 2018.   Also not sure when Pay 2 wi… 
The reason Disney hasn’t given us a lesbian princess is because let’s be real she’d run off with the hot evil lady… 
Between this and the Wizard of Oz references, it’s Disney finally making their move. 
disney pipas 
5 Ultimate Questions Related to Disney+Source url:- recently announced Disney+, a n… 
I was at Disney six years ago with my my skinny bod, hot fit, shoe game STRONG and my crispy grandma 
I need sleep but of course my dumbass is gonna stay up watching old ass episodes of "Life with Derek" takes me back… 
Snow White 
Disney Princesses as Disney Park snacks 
&amp; younes bendjima back together.... #yourtney #KUWTK #happybirthdaykourtney #scott #puppylove… 
This new Disney movie looks  lil Dickey coming out on top for this masterpiece. 
 really hit us all with a Disney/Pixar quality music video to tell us to take care of the world. Wi… 
"Ad:" Super Rare!! TOY STORY 3 (DISNEY pixar) 2010 like FYC Screenplay/Script BOOK  Flyin… 
I forgot they almost ended on that weak, weak, Disney joke. (Extra weird with how un-Disney Jay Ward was, making fu… 
Walt Disney was found trembling.... 
M-Marth food alt... I can picture him feeding the animals around him and them trying to snag a bite of his sandwich… 
New chunk of Walt Disney 
What’s crazier is Disney has thousands of employees that’re homeless because they don’t make a li… 
Thanks :)! 
bo peep looks so good!!! 
This!! There was some uncanny valley scenes in WIR2 too 
I can’t find the young pic of him with the yearbook.  
Wow you brag about your Disney trips and boats and motorcycles but you’re asking for $20k on go fund me. &amp; the thin… 
Musicals I... Hate: Annie Get Your GunLove: Les MiserablesOverrated: Wicked (sorry)Underrated: Into the Height… 
Disney Sea is amazing! 
I thought this was my best friend for a second  
I fully expect it to be renewed. Possible the Fox/Disney deal may affect that but unlik… 
The quality of this film never ceases to amaze me. They could put it out today as is, and the animation and overall… 
It’s not going to be best for best what happened with Zuko, also Zuko had his uncle… 
When CBS All Access has to compete with Disney+, why not? 
Citrus Swirl 
Beautiful every child should be able to enjoy Disney magic! #foodallergies #foodallergy 
My grandma thought the new light saber churros lit up and would kill me if I ate one  
she sounds like a disney princess  
I WAS GONNA DO THIS  
Light saber churro 
Saw this movie after a long time. Had these thoughts? Does anyone agree? hmm #Disney,#Aladdin, #sociology,… 
Please make this movie!Jewell is was a true hero who deserves the truth to be told about his heroic actions.… 
When it’s #friyay and you realise the new Lion King trailer is out #thelionking #thelionking2019 #friday… 
Magic Johnson And Ice Cube Buying Sports Networks From Disney 
Why dont you go to Disney. Leave the heavy lifting to us. 
At least Jozaan is not FAKE!! The Disney Princess wannabe is driving me crazy with her unnatural airs and graces! #TheBachelorSA 
Millenial pink Minnie Cupcake 
Professor Callaghan as Disney Parks snacks! 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Disney Store Exclusive Mighty Thor Loose  FlyingTreasures 
Orlando (FL) - WESH:  Inside look: Walt Disney World's solar farm . More #Energy #news - 
question about #Disneyplus.  You’ve indicated that all movies from “the vault” will be in the service very… 
Disney's become the Grey Goo. 
You can do it!!!!! I know that tunnel and she’s a BITCH but when u get to Disney you will be like “dark… 
Some? So far it looks like all. The same script. The same shots. Lazy lazy lazy. You want to look at wha… 
I am so flipping pissed someone ruined lion king for me... they told me scar kills mufasa... now I c… 
Cramer: Netflix’s content will be enough to hang with Disney, streaming competitors  
Please go back to Disney World.. Tinker Bell… 
imagine a world where u could do whatever u want with all stupid ass people that u cross path with… 
Something weird about all the Jay Ward live-action movies is the presence of a ton of wacky sound-effects and music… 
Grab em by the pussy wasn't enough of a quote? Disney's Hall Of Presidents is now NC… 
WTF Disney  There are so many more hardships and difficult situations right here in the USA, but fo… 
Lil Dicky’s new video reminding me of soarin’ at Disney 
Disney Won’t Change Deadpool, Says Marvel Studios’ Kevin Feige, read more via 
Yeah except his sarcasm was being outdone, went over his head but yours also. All… 
Naw Nancy would never say something, or be, that stupid Then again here's one of her finest quotes… 
I got Simba and Pascal! 
GOT wouldn’t have made it so many season if Elmo came to Westeros  
Pixar movies  &gt; Disney movies 
I got 8 out of 12! How do you measure up? 
The best Disney logo! #GeorgeOfTheJungle #slutfluff #MRIan 
My favorite Walt Disney World treat? Finding a bathroom without a line. 
disney on ice was magical but was it worth the blistering screeches of tweens behind me 
Hi Hollywood, the names "Tim Disney" and I'm here to make it big 
I know in my head this guy is related to Walt, but seeing a guy named "Tim Disney" direct a movie is still funny 
At least say we can’t go to San Francisco zoo or something because of rain. Idk. It could’ve been anywher… 
some where there exists a photo of 4th grade me at a radio Disney concert very close to Mitchell musso 
The only thing standing between me and a weekend at Disney world is a test on acupuncture and essential oils that I… 
#calgraphy #balloon #disney #downtowndisney #mickymouse #heliumballoons #ballooninballoon #iphone8plus… 
Funko Pop! Disney Pixar WALL-E EVE Vinyl Figure - BoxLunch Exclusive #EarthDay  Available Now :… 
It was early on in the show and they probably did not have the budget to go to Disneyland. But onc… 
Indeed. 
Do agree. It's iconic. My heart broke watching the devastation while praying for those trying… 
And just dump a bunch of information on us with super forced dialogue. Now, of course this is a DCOM and Disney Cha… 
I staying here on earth yep cause with Elon taking all the sheep peop… 
Earned my furry law student stripes today. We did practice oral arguments today, and the topic I chose was why Nick… 
Disney on Ice was so much fun with these little munchkins.  
production of Disney’s The Hunchback of Notre Dame is only a week away. Be sure to watch the promo belo… 
Seriously? Looks like someone is trying to boost reputation (sales) at Disneyland Paris. Hope… 
I am in a nostalgic mood. I remember when Disney Digital was Maker Studios, and when Maker was The Station. I remem… 
Execs at Disney: "Gonna have to scrap that live action hunchback movie now" 
#Disney Put this on Hulu,Netflix, Blue-Ray and Forget it on Aug.2 2019 because if you don't just Cancel it. Because… 
Check it out! I donated to 'Embarassed to admit this, but I NEED HELP!' -  via 
Full House is weird 
My bro in law joke “they don’t know who started the fire at Notre dome but they have a hunch” Disney fans will get that 
Star Wars lost the plot when Disney bought the franchise... 
The episode of Full House where Stephanie can’t go to Disneyland because of fog is unrealistic: 1. THEY LIVE IN S… 
She has landed  Our exclusive Eve Pop! is available now. #EarthDay 
Gonna be in Disney World this weekend?Free LYFT rides up to $50 with code: MIGUELT 
America cannot sponsor the kinds of societies we like without sponsoring the kinds of behaviors we don’t… 
Throwing some money his wa… 
#DISNEY FANS: You'll want this #TheLionKing Monopoly game! 
DISNEY FANS: You'll want this #TheLionKing Monopoly game! 
When will tangled and princess and the frog become musicals this is the Disney broadway content I deserve 
Should have got a CT scan -greys anatomy   
Since Star Wars is a Disney property, the headline should just read "Disney ... fans are outraged." #venndiagramofoutrage 
My man having a blast at Disney World. #BigBlake 
Available Now: BoxLunch Exclusive Eve (Earth in bio! 
I miss Rc 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: LuLaRoe Tall &amp; Curvy Legging: Disney. 
Do you guy's want to see #Ashi to dress up as Tiana from Walt Disney's princess and the frog becau… 
girls with these colored nails still in 2019.... ELECTRIC CHAIR!! I mean it!!!!!!! We don’t live in 2014 anymore wi… 
#ICYMI: Disney pulls plug on Fox's MOUSE GUARD movie just two weeks before planned production start; producers shop… 
Do you guy's want to see #Ashi and the scotsman's daughters dressing up as princesses an a big fat… 
Who's ready for the weekend? Get out, get active. Join us at FlyingTee! Tomorrow evening: Disney Karaoke 8pm… 
Are you guy's interesting to see a Happier ending of #SamuraiJack like a Walt Disney Cinderella en… 
can you make me dinosaur park in Disney's new attraction please for mr Iguanodon here 
Why does this bear suit at Disney look like he is busting the fattest of nuts? 
Minnie Mouse Wears Pants for the First Time and It's Minnie Mouse Courtesy… 
my favorite movie of Disney is dinosaur 
i love Disney world 
more attraction on Disney dinosaur 
We live in You all suck. 
High school musical is the white-washed upper class and pg rated Disney version of RENT 
little ary wanted a DIY disney jacket like mine so I got her a jean jacket and the exact Peter Pan pins I have so we can match 
A Disney cruise but like...no kids allowed. #HoneyMoonGoals 
2019 Disney slate does not go to Netflix.  Starting with Captain Marvel. 
Keep on resisting like your freedom depends on it. 
I’m gonna go with liberal for $500 Alex 
It’s really sad that even Fox News seems like they’ve lost their mind Di… 
Holy crap, Disney Channel's promo for Kiki's Delivery Service (In early 2000) was...weird.They give it DBZ-esque… 
As we the opening of Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge draws closer, Disney is releasing more information to get guests exci… 
Forever one with the Na’vi•••#WaltDisneyWorld #AnimalKingdom #Pandora #Disney #Home #SatuliCanteen… 
Help us 
There used to be a ton of WDW operation manuals on the old Disney torrent site, but that was ten+ y… 
Disney will donate $5M to help Notre Dame Cathedral 
When I think and here about SUBWAY! I think about I do wonder about Disney The Little Mermaid. in her… 
Please follow back all Resistors! 
nonoca ta na disney brother 
The hunchback was written to save the building in 1831 by Vic… 
Some of you are just angry because you will never go to Disney World. I do not make the rules. Hahahaha. 
Come party with your favorite Disney Villains this Summer in the Magic Kingdom - Disney Villains After 
Thanks for your leadership and respect you can tell they weren’t getting any education o… 
A cowgirl, a star girl, a shepherd. A cowgirl, a star girl, a shepherd. A cowgirl, a star girl, a shepherd.… 
#Walmart #Exclusive #Dumbo #TimBurton #Funko #Pop #Disney #512 Walmart Kansas City - N Church Rd 
Disney secretly started using unreal engine 
Two separate days.  The first picture is after sobbing for an hour because I failed at making my family supper, s… 
Tbt Disney. #cagritaner #gt #seribegen #aztagram #azeaktive #azeactive #aktiv #aktivler #musculosdebruxelas… 
Look at Walt Disney and his own anti-Semitic history. 
Will it be on the Disney streaming service? 
I just discovered this on Poshmark: Disney WDW July 4 2000 Minnie at MGM Studios Pin. via 
Third grade students went to on a field trip today! They experienced Disney on Ice! 
Boycott everything Disney 
It's very 
#accessories Disney Style T-shirt 
Top 5 Disney movies? 
5) A good experience is worth paying for, which is why people will spend so much to go to Disney. After two years o… 
MLB ends bid to buy Disney’s regional sports networks 
But you are completely correct, Marvel and Disney should do more, esp. since Cloak and Dagger are his… 
Fuck Disney 
Disney probably feels obligated to help out. After all, they did profit from making a cartoon about… 
It already does lol. Disney made a cartoon about it . Maybe they feel obligated to help. 
Disney Day 2 #motleycrew #myboys #springbreak2019 
disney music makes me the happiest person alive 
I'm glad this happened. I never heard of you all until I got a news story  on my phone saying "Ice Ni… 
Magic Johnson Joins Ice Cube’s Bidding Group to Acquire Sports Networks From Disney #Events… 
Omg girl we are such kindred spirits. 75% of my wardrobe is HP or Disney related. No joke.  
What happens when she gets catnip. #rescue #adoptdontshop #calicocat #catsofinstagram 
#Movie "Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse: The Castaway" (1931) 
Hey  Just saw you nearly doubled the price of a pizza at All Star Music overnight.  $16 to $32 with ad… 
We’re fortunate Logan came out before Disney got their hands on 20th Century Fox. Amazing the film even exists at a… 
Going through my phone tonight and came across this lil gem from dancbearded ‘s Bearded Meetup at Disney lol.  bear… 
I’m not from it but I know how to pronounce most of these 
still have no idea what disney channel meant when they said 8/7central 
Oh, I know there’s people out there that legitimately are upset about it and know it’s more than a D… 
I can’t wait to have little babes and take the fam to Disney World with matching shirts. So damn cute. 
That’s that old school Disney  
If the whole #Skywalker religion angle does play out in… 
It’s tbt time! Here’s my 2 favorite people in the whole wide world on our last trip to Walt Disney World in July 20… 
Roblox Egg Hunt 2019 Based on Avengers: is partnering with Disney t… 
My 6-year-old just said that since the new Lion King is more realistic, “Scar will probably just eat Mufasa’s corps… 
Well he still has a chance if he's a disney rep because the characters that are selected just have… 
Jam time to Disney for me. And 90s pop. #slatespeak 
IOA Corporate 5k. Downtown Orlando with my oldest, in length of time not in age, Disney friends.  #livinthedream… 
Roblox Egg Hunt 2019 Based on Avengers: Endgame RobloxRoblox is partnering with Disney… 
We chat about Disney with kids with the Authors of we talk about all the ins and outs of ways to make y… 
Disney Knocks New Mutants Off 2019 Release Slate, Is It Ever Coming Out? 
100% gonna spend my day in bed watching Disney movies n ordering in food HYPE 
So that’s why I’m hard on Kylo/Ben and why I think a productive exile, where he is somehow working to make amends,… 
Disney’s Hollywood Studios 30th Anniversary Restricted-Time Treats and Snacks 
the pro Disney World experts any advice? 
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where is Slinky, though?  
Plan just enough but also be spontaneous.. set up fast passes and dinning reservation for your must rides an… 
Disney now able to operate theme parks through solar energy 
"Ad:" Tiger Lily Pop Fantasy Pin Yoyo Disney Peter Pan Lost Boys Neverland LE50 OBO  Flyi… 
It's an oldie but a goodie  one of my favorite Disney movies 
Check out 1989 Walt Disney World Historical Souvenir Hardback Picture Book OOP #Disney via 
Just keep lovin’ them maybe a trip to Disney 
My kid fell asleep for thirty minutes. I got to watch twenty minutes of a grown up show. Fuck you Disney Junior. 
We had such a fun time at the AANA Disney themed trade show this year! 
Aladdin #Genies #genie #Disney 
I have traveled to Disney World to find magical Disney stuff. Don’t know where to look though. I’m not up with this… 
can we get the old Disney channel shows back? At least in the morning.. 
Fan Stories To Be Part of Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge at Walt Disney World Resort 
Have fun eating your bean shaped congealed sugar slurry 
Traders Sell Walt Disney $DIS on Strength $DIS  
No silly we have to go to Disney World 
So I officially have the best fiancée in the world. bought me this had because I don’t wear… 
What’s your view of critical feedback? #emotionalintelligence  #leadership #feedback #empathy 
In Disney 
while Loki's disney show will soar 
Cartoon worlds are highly speculative, Disney bet the farm on a movie for children.  The story w… 
i bet this is something y’all could just do without Disney’s licensing 
so will JONAS be on Disney+ also i’d be cool if the 3d movie was there to. 
theres also no artistic reason to remake it the movie is already in its most perfect form making it… 
Disney Gift Card- $150 Value 
basically lion king was expressly made with animation in mind more so than any other disney movie (… 
Redesigning Disney princesses: Cinderella #art #disneyprincess #ArtistRack #artistsontwitter 
It’s funny. Disney doesn’t own Fox News. 
Redesigning Disney Princesses: Snow White#disneyprincess #art #artistsontwitter #ArtistRack 
We just had a meeting for the band/guard/choir Disney trip &amp; I'm so excited !! I cannot wait to eat a banana at Disney. 
Redesigning Disney Princesses:This one is Aurora, Sleeping Beauty #disneyprincess #tattooart #artistsontwitter… 
#RecastMissMarvel Cheese Arson should have not been MISS Marvel in the first place, Kristen Stewart… 
I  my job!  have been working on several trips for clients this week. Universal Resort, Royal Caribbean Cruise Li… 
The Disney movies! I cannot. 
No. Sorry. Fox News not owned by Disney b 
#SolarPower: Disney's ma ... 
Why are they doing the Dreamworks eyebrow 
From #Reddit: See every company that Disney owns collected in a single, enormous map via /r/dataisbeautiful 
Do you ever just feel like watching really old Disney movies? That’s a vibe. 
Disney Storied Places arrives in September 
Here's a clip!Episode 2 | The Economics of Popcorn BucketsDirect: Disney popcorn bucket… 
HEY! I have a podcast! We discuss disney world and other taboo topics. Also my husband's mom completely owns him. L… 
As much as I think Disney could use their more productively to help people, I’m not going to criticize the… 
Disney’s “Frozen” Inspired New Attempt to Find Dark Matter 
My most favorite Disney treat ever. In my own home. I am beyond a happy Kecia!!  Vinton, Iowa 
The Disney movie? 
Con Delfi las 24hs Disney Juniors  
Somewhere between Trump country and Disney World atm  
This is why there needs to be a bisexual male Disney princess who fucks 
Maybe it's just me, but these Efrafan dudes were worse than the whole Disney villain canon. #driveinmob 
Yay a new episode!!! 
thats cute but pls dont turn into a disney bitch 
I keep thinking about BTS going to Disney and wearing little Mickey ears and I get all  inside 
i. love. disney world. 
My first order from #magicallyscented #threecheekychickswax. Super excited for my #Disney smelling home tonight! 
Clint Eastwood Aims to Direct Film About 1996 Atlanta Olympics' Security Guard via 
Disney Cruise Line and Captain Minnie Mouse inspire future female ship captains 
It wasn’t mean. I just read the tweet. We’re a politica… 
It's ironic that a bunch of fanboy Gen Xers now blast Disney for just being interested… 
No, because Disney and Netflix were boycotted 2 years ago. 
Thank you 
Maker Studios, acquired by Disney in 2014 for $950 million[12]Munchery, which ceased operations in 2019[13]Trunk… 
A wonderful retrospective on #TheOrville so far and how it relates to modern television sensibilities. Thank you, L… 
Did you know works with people like who does blackface and tha… 
Magic Johnson Joins Ice Cube’s Bidding Group to Acquire Sports Networks From Disney 
Ivan n I went to Disney today and our passes were blocked 
I have accidentally wandered in to Disney Name that Tune trivia and I am....frightened 
Thank you Disney! 
Late for everything except or chocolate . Happy Easter xoxo  
I don’t like the look of the cat. It looks way too real and doesn’t fit in well. 
Thaiza me mostrou o "behind the seeds" e agr eu to mais sedento ainda em ir pra Disney 
Yes! I HATE when people use the term that way 
I didn’t see his comment. Will look it up. Thanks. 
YESS 
I don’t approve o… 
I’ve got 4 of your diamond paintings and enjoy them ver… 
I got 10 out of 10! How do you measure up? 
Got what I needed! #Funko #funkopop #pophunter #poplife #funkofamily #funkofanatic #popculture #funkomania… 
The crew discusses the surprising announcement of the Disney+ App coming to Nintendo Switch! 
Grandes Momentos  en Disney's Magic Kingdom 
The 3 best Disney movies in the last 10 years are1. Coco2. Princess and the Frog  3. Moana  Don’t me 
#pinocchio was my favorite Disney movie 
I think most recently there was something about twitter (SPLC) in the… 
Yeah it’s so dumb! Disney are cowards. 
"If ‘creepy guy’ had looked like Brad Pitt, she’d have been smiling and tossing her hair...I love how the"creepy gu… 
Disney World!!! 
I had seen something else about the group but didn't remember the specifics. 
I hope they try to spin off assets that they don't need... I meant that if… 
I don't think so, I was just being clever  
Here we go!! 
Disney Talk Thursdays:  Talking Animal Kingdom Likes and Dislikes 
When Radio Disney deleted their This Town tweets: 
I just wanna go back to Disney World right now and stay for like 6 months 
Birthday in DISNEY!!!! #birthdaygirl #birthdayparty #birthday #HappyBirthdayMickey #cupcake #DisneynaturePenguins… 
Plus, there's no telling how long it'll be before antitrust gets involved,… 
It was considered too modern for the time 
In a classic disney movie 
Nope! Dumbo is going to learn to parallel park instead. 
Cowards. We already know all of this, stop pretending it never happened.  
Could Disney+ spell an end to widely-distributed physical media and many m… 
Nobody:Disney Channel in 2008 during commercial breaks: 
Companies are anti American if they support crap coming… 
This T-shirt just stole my heart!  #MickeyMouse⁠ ⁠#GetYourEarsOn #RockTheDots #MinnieMouse #Disneyland⁠ ⁠… 
I'm not even going to pretend it will actually happen but if we can get Disney games maybe we can get the Genesis p… 
ᴅɪsɴᴇʏ  #tbt Disney's Magic Kingdom 
#Bullying happens everywhere &amp; we applaud Meredith O'Connor, Disney teen pop star and #antibullying icon, for shari… 
Kinda crazy that Hunchback has the best overall music in any Disney movie and the best two songs are actually in th… 
Is there a genetic component to being awful? 
Disney’s Box Office Expectations for Avengers: Endgame Revealed! 
Disney themselves have been lacking in the special features department for… 
  SPRING BREAK AT DISNEY Checkout THE DEAL NOW!!! #disneyparks #disneylandparis #funny #kids #minniemouse… 
Disney to other studios: You turned adults against animation being a serio… 
#TBT will Disney plus show Lambert, the sheepish lion 
SPRING BREAK AT DISNEY Checkout THE DEAL NOW!!! #disneyparks #disneylandparis #funny #kids #minniemouse #family… 
If you want highly engaged employees, you’ve got to keep your finger on the pulse of engagement at your company.  T… 
Disney’s ‘The Lion King’ Monopoly Will Resurrect Family Game Night 
Please subscribe to the Stuff We Love Podcast. I am one of the hosts of the show! We talk Disney, movies, music and… 
Even with some of the exciting projects coming up in the future, it still… 
Wait a minute, PJO fans, can't buy PJO! It was included with the Fox deal with ! If… 
Disney on Ice was pretty cool. These jokers ate all the snacks up but it's cool. Had a good time … 
This sounds magical! 
Are they also advertising on Fox News? 
He’s a twit !! What is happened to fox!! Maybe Disney!! 
I thought the Kanye award Taylor was Speak Now? Might count as Fearless 
Southern Poverty Law Center! lets de-fund them! 
They guessed it! 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Aladdin's Lamp Molded Keychain Disney 2019 Movie.… 
I got "True Neutral, "Undecided""!Can We Guess Your Moral Alignment Based On Your Taste In Pizza?… 
Check out Disney Aladdin Lamp Tassels Keychain Metal Molded 2019 Movie Key Chain Bioworld  via 
So she was like everyone else on twitter lol. Idk why they specifically suspended her  
Oh ok! When did you see a video where they didn’t? Or did you ask in person? 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame via 
#Disney has pitched #THOR4 
Should have been tears of pain. Disney is destroying the franchise. JJ Abrams to the rescue? 
Check out Disney Nightmare Before Christmas JACK SKELLINGTON Backpack Clip Plush Key Chain #Disney via 
Check out The Nightmare Before Christmas Metal Keychain - Jack Skellington - Disney Movie #Disney via 
Disney's Sanaa: A Restaurant Review 
They do know about her. I’ve seen videos 
Just finished Monday's ep of #LegendsOfTomorrow. Lemme see if I got this right: Hank wasn't evil, he was just tryin… 
My god baby gift so cute I got her from Disney World.  
Nice spin #WorldNewsTonight on the #MullerReport. You are hacks and hopefully this is your final hurrah. It’s over,… 
What did she tweet? 
Depraved Particulars Revealed for Disney Villains After Hours at Magic Kingdom: “Villains Unite the Evening” Presen… 
#news - Bella Thorne Packs on the PDA With a New Man: 5 Things to Know About Benjamin Mascolo -… 
#news - See Woody and Buzz Face Off Against a Cat in New Toy Story 4 Teaser - - The Toy Sto… 
Sorcerer Rattata projectI couldn't finish they background today #rattata #alolanrattata #mickey #mickeymouse… 
It’s one of the best things of the movie the hunchback of Norte d… 
"Ad:" Disney Fantasy Jumbo Pin Rainbow Cheshire Cat Alice In Wonderland  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Disney’s Alice In Wonderland FANTASY Pin- Limited Edition- Glow In The Dark  Flying… 
Who doesn't love a good Disney pun? 
TOY STORY 4 TV Spot Unites "Old Friends And New Faces" For The Adventure Of A Lifetime#ToyStory… 
It's week on Are you ready to find out what your fave contestant is singing? #AmericanIdol 
Disney’s Bob Iger Wins More Wall Street Cred For Bold Streaming Initiative – Deadline #entertainment 
#TBT What if Disney The Black Hole is animated. 
"Ad:" Fantasy: RARE DISNEY MICKEY MOUSE SHORTS SERIES 1 STEAMBOAT VINYL FIG HERRERA SIGNED LTD… 
Awesome thrift store novelization find today and just look at all the people who wanted to take credit for this one… 
I didn't realize that that was a whites-only church. I… 
Disney donates nearly £4 million to help rebuild Notre Dame you Disney. 
Lies lol. 
Disney when Fox includes Fox and Friends in the deal. 
Disney+ is the service Apple wants #BUS354 #BUS250 
Thank you!! An so are you!!  
Sorry Josh not Disney but Universal Studios still cool 
Same here..  
Intervention Skin like this has been observed during abuse of methamphetamine, STDs and opioid abuse.… 
Cheers to Disney for finally taking steps to let everyone (especially kids) know that it makes equal sense that Min… 
When you get Walt Disney’s cock out of your mouth you’ll rea… 
when disney bought fox entertainment and all it's ips, Fox has to now rebrand itself in terms of enterta… 
I'm looking for mermaid shows to watch while I write Hook's book and I had no idea Disney gave The Little Mermaid 2500493759485 sequels 
My views of our beautiful America was stunning today  #bayarea #eastbay #film #california #movies #disney #sales… 
Girl, if you’re gonna do disney, disney world is where its at ! 
#SolarEnergy: Powering The Walt Di ... 
“This fall exclusively on Disney+!” 
When your super PAC pledges millions to rebuild Notre Dame (like that’ll ever happen), I’d love for Disney… 
BECAUSE FOX IS NOW RUN BY THE SAME OUTFIT AS THE REST. DISNEY, All the MICKEY MOUSE CLUB now. 
Hopefully, Volkswagen or Disney are not sponsors for the 
My favorite Disney World treat? Avoiding I-4. 
Mia's a good one too!! 
look what just came to my inbox!  
so I adore Donald duck... I cant lie and cant really explain way... but I've always loved Horace Horsecollar  when… 
Love how you keep your time at Disney so close even after all these years.  As always,… 
 Live: Fursday Thrusday | Disney's Animal Kingdom | Walt Disney World 4... via 
This! 
I got married at Disney World on Mickey Mouse's birthday in 1996, best decision EVER!! 
Disney Night posted this &amp; now I am 
A 'Beauty and the Beast' Bar Is Coming to Disney and You Don't Even Need a Park Ticket to Visit… 
Go to Hawaii instead, they do have a Disney hotel 
And let's just say..........certain photographs with ohA cat's whisker across the matted blown up image.Disney. 
A guy named Tim Disney wrote a film about “the ultimate outsider” trying to exist in the world: a white dude named… 
I brought a lanyard full of Disney pins on a flight and no one cared. I think they were in my luggage on… 
I got 8 out of 18! How do you measure up?Do You Actually Know How Everyone Is Related On "Game Of Thrones"? 
‘You would make a perfect gargoyle’: Ted Cruz slammed for joke about Disney’s Notre Dame donation… 
Progress continues on Disney’s new Skyliner transportation service! (How cute are these?) You will be able to acce… 
Love, Simon Is Becoming a TV Series on Disney+, But With a Twist   #Hollywood &amp; Entertain… 
Have you been in this #Disney food festival? It just might be your new favorite #foodtravel 
Disney Channel Orders Third Season of 'Big Hero 6' Ahead of Season 2 Premiere - Animation World Network 
Since Disney owns Fox now...I really think we deserve this in front of the final Star Wars saga movie THANK YOU. 
Disney is already starting to axe more Fox projects. Mouse Guard was set to begin production in two weeks, but will… 
Disney Flushes Fox’s Mouse Guard Just Weeks Before Production Start 
hanna the fashion designer that gets nose jobs and goes to Disney world 
Now Playing #BoyWithLuv by feat Halsey on now! 
The lion sleeps tonight #photography #blackandwhite #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
"Ad:" Disney Cruise Ship Fantasy Sorcerer Mickey Pin New OE Pin  FlyingTreasures 
As entertaining as Disney+'s "Falcon and Winter Soldier" series sounds, I have a few concerns.- Is no one taking… 
Disneyland Paris officially gets rid of plastic straws; US and other Disney parks are next 
It's a weird thing. He's righ… 
Disney doesn’t own Fox News. 
if you see this reply with your favorite disney movie i’m trying to have a marathon tonight  
Yes it is. This of a case of… 
Top 3 Slowest Times At Disney World To Visit - debt free dr - via 
Omg the Disney interview that sky rocketed their career in the U.S!! I remember seeing this! you will al… 
Disney’s Hollywood Studios is about to celebrate his 30th anniversary.  In true Disney Fashion mini new desserts wi… 
Disney made a cute movie about her though  
Welcome to post-Disney acquisition Star Wars... let’s get weird. 
This gives me feels man QnQ Walt Disney is to this day my childhood hero and inspiration 
Visiting #DisneyWorld and #Orlando doesn’t have to cost you your #kidneys. We’ve got the #budgeting secrets you nee… 
Austin Mahone - Mmm Yeah ft. Pitbull (Lyric Video) via 
Disney Villains are taking over the Magic 
You tried to take the stardom too far my dude. 12 and 13 year olds can only carry you so far. You’ve accompl… 
They played one of the songs at’Ohana when I was there. The lady who parades the kids a… 
Why have Disney films just became more and more cringey 
What an idiot. Disney was very generous in donating the funds for the temple. You look like a fool making… 
#SolarEnergy: Disney no ... 
Yep. I used to run up to the tv as a small child and ‘hug’ Aladdin and Jasmine when they came on lol 
Mark Hamill on Disney's Reaction to Him Trolling Fans: "What Are They Gonna Do, Fire Me?" via 
I love the DL fun one but whenever I watched it as a kid and as an adult I’d skip the f… 
I remember seeing this with my mom in 1998. Perfect memory. 
There is a chance it could end up on Disney+ or Hulu due to Marvel TV being involved with this show already. 
The songs are catchy, and it leaves off on a happy note unlike the Disneyland Fun which has a depressing ending 
Same!! 
Considering Disney/Marvel now has full control of the Mutant franchise, perhaps now is a good time for a full reboot. 
Oh that is awesome! I'd play one of my Disney greatest Hits albums through that and have a field day lol. 
It feels so good to be home. Disney was the best vacation I've ever been on. 
Let's also ask ourselves honestly: is the real problem here the low Disney pay or the astronomical cost of… 
Craig McCracken's PPG *was* H-B...and I think the best-looking thing from the studio's late-'90s resurgen… 
'The Gifted' Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming 
Eu fico entre DreamWorks,Pixar e Disney 
Eff policies are just from Disney world no thought of reality 
Once you become a big tech company you have to give back too! #wheatonfnms #fnms231 #Facebook  #Twitter #Apple… 
2020 Disney Packages...Are you on my Wait List?Better get on 
Also Disney love to pump the smell of food into the air that make you hungry even when there's not restaurants around that area 
Cancelled At Potential Revival By #Disney #Fox #Marvel #TheGifted #XMen… 
hey remember those Disney memes from awful christmas gifts?i found some in t-shirts at a supermarket… 
Disney Starwars has proven itself to be nothing but money-grabbing, poorly written horsecock, and t… 
Okay but coming to Disney world with someone so body positive like makes me feel so much comfortabl… 
This is what public funds are for. I do not want all of our historical monuments across the world, "brought to you… 
It's a perfect marriage of Animation skill *and* incredible voice performance  Also, Maleficent  #Disney 
Disney+ found all my favourite characters and is giving them tv shows wow they really do know how to take all my money x 
Well that settles it. Disney has to make a fucking animated movie about Flint in order to donate money to it. 
I got "9% in love"!Choose Some Cuddly Toys And We'll Reveal What % In Love You Are 
Like Disney all over again  lol 
Im going to be in disney on 4/20 anybody got any ideas on how i can bring in some ganj? 
 “What could the Disney/Fox merger mean for Marvel will destroy Marvel… 
watching mary poppins returns and i’m so excited, i love disney with my whole being 
At Disney’s Hollywood studios with some kids from the Boys and girls club. They have never been. It’s great seeing… 
Disney+ Assembles Hawkeye, Loki and… WandaVision? Interview with Shazam!... via 
Why I'm Excited For Disney+ 
Let’s be honest, a huge chunk of Americans are only upset or even care about Norte Dame is because of a Disney movie. 
99% of all tweets are personal thoughts, not facts. LOL. 
Godzilla 2014 opened to $93 million domestically but wasn't facing off against a Di… 
Have you dreamed of owning a vacation home just outside of the most magical place on earth? We have 4⃣ Minto homes… 
I have the Mantlo : A life in comics biography which I highly recommend. What I find shitty is Disney h… 
Can I bring my ‘N Sync tapes over? The ones filled with recordings from MTV and the Disney Channel 
12,321 days, and still no recognition for Princess Eilonwy.Joke aside, it simultaneously does and doe… 
Yeah if it’s the ones I’m thinking (Ultimate Sabers) those def are not cheap BUT they’re probably the b… 
"All Things Nerd!" S03E15 - Black Hole Pōwehi, Disney+, &amp; Episode 9: The Rise of Skywalker by Mest5150 has been pub… 
Ta na disney arrombs 
Here's an Easter egg... (Disney packing list, Travel Mad Libs, activities for the kiddos, a… 
Here let me help, thank you Disney! 
$1.6 billion from tax cuts are apparently not enough to stop Disney’s CEO – who received a four year compensation p… 
Apparently I am #VintageAlumni  #DisneyAlumni I even worked inside that birthday cake castle durin… 
I loved working on this show! Such a blast to play Mrs. Potts TOO!! Happy 25 years Disney’s Beauty and the beast!!… 
Great video, I wasn't there but I feel for you, I remember people not… 
I can’t TELL anyone to donate to anything. I’m saying that i… 
The movie is expected to hit theaters on June 21st. 
I hope so, because that’s about the only $ I have left. Oh, and Disney Dollars (as that a thing? If not,… 
Remember when I took you to Disney and you told the Jasmine I had a crush on her? That's how. 
 I love Disney parks videos?  
Marvel's Kevin Feige Says Deadpool Isn't Changing Under Disney 
Disney + should just have a section for their racist ip. 
Disney: how are we going to cover the costs of these renovations, our budget shows we can only offer… 
I just  read this article earlier today I will pray you all get the 21 channels from Disney. Lord please d… 
Fine people you have working for you.  
Since fucking Disney took 
Peterson: How close is ESPN's College Football GameDay to being in Ames for the first time on Sept. 14? 
Here's how the press covers it when a liberal engages with pop a conservati… 
Excited for Spring Break! 22 athletes will travel to Disney &amp; train ESPN WWOS facility. Athletes in… 
I love finding the 2-for-1 combo games on the Nintendo DS. They are usually kids games meant to convince moms they… 
Conspiracy #TrumpColluded 
Celebrating #Easter 2019 In #DisneySprings #WaltDisneyWorld 
We tried Disney Circle- we could track everything but it slowed the phone down. And caused problems… 
Disney plans to release #JediFallenOrder but SJWs, who Disney has pandered to… 
Little Giants, Power Rangers: The Movie, then old Disney cartoons, and as I got to middle and high s… 
Why Ted?  Regular porn not cutting it anymore for ya and you gotta get into the Disney fetish shit now to… 
Walt Disney World Swan (Orlando (FL)) Deal - just $135 &lt;strike&gt;337&lt;/strike&gt; per night 
I've wondered this for years. Is it because it's a joint Paramount/Disney collaboration? Does Disney hav… 
for the sake of your bank account, absolutely refrain from looking at tokyo disney merch 
Tonight I’m eating deviled eggs n seeing Disney penguins  
Umm ladies quick question. What’s the hype about Disney world? 
Oh hooray. Do you think with all these talks of putting a “modern twist” on the restoration, there will be mixed… 
You should work at Disney! 
New gate is only good if it keeps visitors there an extra day or more. Some still consider DAK and DH… 
disney princess business man 
Tips for an Adult Only Disney Aulani Trip! via 
who is this 
Closer look at BoxLunch Exclusive Eve. Available in stores now. Online later tonight!.EL: 
Oh yea there will probably be serious repercussions but i would still expect them to confi… 
LETS WATCH A DISNEY CHANNEL MOVIE! WE WANNA WATCH... A DISNEY CHANNEL MOVIE! 
I’ll say it again. picked a really bad time to release a movie about penguins 
Make sure to check out part one before part two comes out tomorrow One of my favorite trips EVER to WDW - so exc… 
If you have an near you, and you are NOT An A-Lister, you've no idea what you are missing out on! 3 ti… 
True. The Walt Disney Corp has similar skeletons in their past as well. 
I hate to burst your fairytale Disney dream bubble, but no one else is testifying. Your side has lost this battle (… 
Why I'm Excited For Disney+ - CINEMABLEND  
Disney World le DisneyLand? 
Cats viscous??? Never lol 
went to the disney store in the huntington mall yesterday. nothing of tarzan, and now that i come to think of it th… 
Which one is your fav? #disney #art #disneyartists #WaltDisneyStudios #MickeyMouse 
Ted Cruz HATES Disney. 
I'm not gonna claim this as "proof" but i wouldn't put it past disney if I'm honest 
I need him to play a Disney prince thank you very much 
Never been to Disney but Harry Potter review making it sound like that’s gotta change 
Yeah all these streaming services prices are getting out of hand....smh 
Disney On Ice: Fan favorites come together for ‘Mickey’s Search Party’ during Oklahoma State Fair… 
Too far away! 
How fans will build their own droids at Disney’s Star Wars land  via 
Wreckin’ it ...#disneyworld #disney #epcot #wreckitralph #vanellope #disneycharacter… 
Cheapest Four Seasons In Florida: Disney Vs Surfside Vs Miami Vs Palm Beach 
Cougars win game 1 at Disney 4-0 
we need a disney Business Man 
Disney is racist 
Disney+ set to come to Nintendo Switch 
Disney pumps the breaks on Mouse Guard movie two weeks before production #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
Disney's Hollywood Studios #photography #blackandwhite #bw #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc… 
See some of your favorite Disney Channel stars from #CoopandCami, #BUNKD, and #SydneytotheMax during their panel at… 
no its more like each variation of my personality takes over like the disney movie inside out 
Choose 4 Disney Movies And We'll Give You A New 
Disney killed starwars for me so meh... not at all 
Also have never seen a Disney Sponsered anything at the K-8 school which is right in the Dis… 
Some things never change, Disney or not.  #springbreak2019 #teacherbreak #disney #starbucks 
When I’m in Disney[land|World], my backpack serves as a buffer between me and those who don’t understan… 
You and my wife would be ideal road trip partners: you could listen and sing to Disney Music all you wa… 
Known several employees of Disney-world who lived in motels off 192, one who slept in a park… 
I love Islands of Adventure and I’m a Disney but. Spider Man… 
Old friends, new faces, and the adventure of a lifetime. Check out this new clip for #ToyStory4 
Little the movie was extra Disney channel ish 
OH MY DISNEY! 
How about the humanitarian crises in some African countries ... 
Me: What if you took the older two kids on vacation and I stayed home with the toddler this year? Wife: *frustrate… 
Hey there Mom, do you have a Disney trip planned this year? Are you a believer in Disney Magic? We think you deserv… 
Omaha Performing Arts, Disney Musicals in Schools Program, Loveland Elementary Proudly Presents: Disney’s Aladdin –… 
I can't hear the dog whistle so does anyone else know what the left's interpretation of… 
me checking my bank account after my disney trip 
I feel ya. I really love Minnie Mouse and licensees do not seem to sell any good men’s shi… 
You'd be surprised just how many disney artists draw porn of their characters 
Contact Me to Book Your Next Disney Cruise!!   #disneycruise #disney #disneycruiselife #cruise #cruising… 
You all just make me proud.   #hunchback #NotreDameFire 
Whoa.... so the "Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves" score comes up on my #Pandora... I had no idea this was the music D… 
Many of the world's best investor have a large stake in Disney. "Disney is busy disrupting its traditional business… 
Bob Mould and Dave Grohl - "Ice Cold Ice" live from the Walt Disney Conc... via 
Very reminiscent of that old Disney Nature Documentary when they pushed the lemmings off the cliff. Its probably… 
Crazy theory, so since we know that the Genesis Mini has Disney games on it, it's quite possible we could get Toy S… 
At the mouse house? That’s an interesting name for Disney studios but hey I’m excited for what’s next! Pun… 
I will buy myself a Disney pass as a gift to myself the day I pay off my car, fix my car, and pay off all my credit cards. 
And on “not overreacting &amp; name calling over racism that’s not th… 
#ColliderMailbag Which 2019 Disney released movie will make the most in the end? 
favorite act from Disney on ice? 
please listen to the bells of notre dame and try to convince me this isn't the best music of any disney movie.  you… 
I feel like we could have a lot of fun writing the script for the Disney Show “Princess Nepotism”. Can you… 
50 Recollections You Ought to Make Earlier than Walt Disney World’s 50th Anniversary! 
Disney’s Midair Stunt Robot 
Disney in Africa. That’s something else bro 
Your little ones will get close to the magic at Disney On Ice!  
Awed over the monetary giving from the and to Paris, rebuilding of Notre Dame but NO generosity… 
#SaveTheGifted please 
"Ad:" Disney Frozen Very Rare Poster Elsa Olaf Animated Princess Banner  FlyingTreasures 
Hey Corbyn!all y’all songs sounds amazing!!!!!! 
Have spent the week at Disney World and will never understand wearing flip flops around a theme park for 12 hours.… 
This is my favorite Disney Princess! 
Yes, do not go in Summer. I live an hour away from Disney. It is miserable. If you can’t help it, at least steer clear of August. 
partners with to produce Coke products that fit right into the universe. Very cool stuf… 
I've noticed some people will pull the "it doesn't count" stuff for anything that isn't… 
Liberals getting triggered by songs from Disney movies.... 
There are 37 unique designs to choose from to create a custom Disney T-Shirt! They make a great gift for any Disney… 
My #authorinterview  on Read On Read Now My life at #Disney #ABCTV #travel and #writing touches the heart  
Send gifs to your hosts. Disney characters preferred but not required!! 
No way I can’t believe you got into a Uber! 
Look at the liberals being triggered by Disney songs. This is hilarious!!! 
If you're headed to here are 10 must-do things at Disney's Yacht Club! #Travel #Disney 
Still can't believe I had an entire Disney musical with yesterday night  
YALL REMEMBER THAT SKELETON FROM THE WORLD: disney, tim burton, 
There's 14 Final Fantasy Disney games 
Fox did sell something to Disney, just part of their conglomerate. 
Disney+: Disney's Pivot Into Tech   #WallSt On April 10, 
Disney land/world is overrated  
You and the other boys is my favorite omg me and my mom and my concert friends really want see y’all!!… 
hello, this is my quarterly tweet about how it's so gross that so many millennials are obsessed with disney and fin… 
Best cure for sadness is disney.. omw 
Why are our U.S. citizens not as concerned about our own?… 
Youre totally right if you completely ignore THE 1ST result there… 
I saw licensed Disney game and thought they got Toy Story on there. Still this actually seems to hav… 
At a cost to taxpayers of $1Trillion. your tax cuts helped mostly the rich. But we don't know how… 
Wallace has never been on our side.Disney overhauled FOX, that should explain it all. Just watch OAN… 
Euron Greyjoy and Stephen Bonnet (Outlander) would pee their pants if they came face to face w… 
My favorite underrated Disney film has to be Rescuers Down Under 
Cheapest Four Seasons In Florida: Disney Vs Surfside Vs Miami Vs Palm Beach 
I AM SO IN!!! Hopefully we are there in a year and a half for our 15th anniversary. Wife wants to d… 
I’m curious when the marvel Netflix shows will be removed. I think they might stay past… 
Disney owns it now, so it may end up on Disney+. 
Thank you! 
This week we joined and we shared the origin story of Rope Drop Radio. Then we talked FastPasses just… 
We were very excited to host Brian Collins for our last KWS Research Forum for the 2019 Spring Semester.  As a form… 
Happy Birthday Disney Channel God Bless You 
#Vintage Classic #Disney Winnie the Pooh Melamine Dish Set Complete With Box  via 
#STCTBT: We LOVED telling this "tale as old as time" last season on our mainstage!!  Happy 25th Anniversary of Dis… 
Did not realize HGTV was 3rd most-watched cable network after Fox, ESPN. I also forgot that Bromstad was from Minn.… 
I saw these on 
The Disney+ Service isn't until Fall of 2019 and it's coming out on that day. 
Disney world is way too much money and not worth the trip. Literally spent $400 here already just to get in and foo… 
President Macron when you had $700+ million you said it was enough to rebuild Notre Dame i… 
To help narrow it down, I am a fan from way back. I miss the old EU, but I also am enjoying where the franchise is… 
Movies that will still take me to the theatre this year:#AvengersEndgame#JohnWick3 - Parabellum#LionKing (someo… 
revealing a plot detail like the return of the Emperor was a bad spoiler. Let us enjoy trying to figure o… 
I really hope this will be available in South Africa. 
26 years ago, today, The Disney Channel debuts on cable TV. 
"If you can dream it, you can do it"- Walt Disney. Becoming a permanent makeup professional no longer has to be a… 
Happy birthday to actress, singer and human star of Disney's "That Darn Cat!"The child actress was born this day… 
Dude all they do is kiss, they dont ever talk, Im done with Jackie. LMAO whahaha Miss Disney, i like her but… 
11:03 a.m.  This time lapse is like an old timey #Disney nature film.  
ONE OF YALL KEEP THIS SHOW!!! 
Blue cat people on an alien planet is totally sci-fi! Lol Just think, Disney owns both A… 
She’s the better candidate I think like Jackie is not emotionally stable then miss Disney is not r… 
What a cute movie. Steve was amazing and did a great job as a dad. One of the best of the Disney nature films. 
Disney Just Dropped Its First Fox Project After The Merger 
on a math field trip with 5th graders and the only store that wouldn’t allow the kids to browse, in gr… 
Disney Travel Agents can get same or lower prices as you, so no cost to get an expert to help you plan. I'm… 
You don’t have to be Disney to have solar! Our and folks can hook you up! (Pun intend… 
i hope you tell her you love her after dating for two days like you did to me  then validate it by saying “i like y… 
There are several conveniences associated with staying at a Disney hotel for your visit, and the cost differ… 
I’m going to need to recapture the feeling of tuning in for the premiere of a Disney channel original movie 
‘You would make a perfect gargoyle’: Ted Cruz slammed for joke about Disney’s Notre Dame donation - The Washington… 
Take my money now 
"Ad:" Disney Fantasy Anastasia Profile Pin LE 50  FlyingTreasures 
#Alice Disney's Alice Through the Looking Glass via via 
Sabrina performing Sue Me at Radio Disney Brazil 
Disney Releases New Toy Story 4 TV Spot “Old Friends &amp; New Faces: Bo Peep” and Poster! 
Or they could donate the money to Flint who has children who are suffering and who probably love Disney 
Sabrina performing Paris at Radio Disney Brazil 
I've never been a fan of Disney.... 
Stay at a Disney resort for free transportation to and from the parks and download the my Disney experience app! 
I dreamed Lion king was cancelled, sadly that isnt real (yes me hates Disney live actions even when they are just 3D remakes) 
It's always so much fun! We finished Downtown Disney and DCA the past two Saturdays and will finis… 
You brought up him being fired by disney 
Sabrina performing Paris at Radio Disney Brazil • April 17th 2019 
President MacronPlease tell Disney to donate their $5M to the 100 year old Historically B… 
Mark Hamill on Disney's Reaction to Him Trolling Fans: "What Are They Gonna Do, Fire Me?" 
THE GIFTED Cancelled do to Disney/Fox #SAVETHEGIFTED #TheGiftedSeries #TheGifted… 
And of course as I’m trying to finish Clone Wars, it’s taken off Netflix because of the upcoming release of Disney+… 
the most relatable scene in disney is the one where kristoff sings to his pet reindeer about how terrible human interaction can be 
Five Reasons the Bon Voyage Adventure Breakfast is My Favorite Character Meal at Walt Disney World… 
Ted Cruz slammed for mocking Disney’s $5M pledge to rebuild Notre Dame: 'How much did you donate?' via 
I love you Olivia your one of my favorite actors. I have been a fan of your for a long time. Since you… 
I had a Mexican pizza in Japan at a bar that was pretty good, so I'll have to check out the Tex Mex booth at Shangh… 
Yes! Though it can be pricey, I think you get the most bang for your buck with the shuttles to and f… 
Are you a Disney gay? 
Stills oficiais de Vingadores: Ultimato. ( / Walt Disney Pictures) 
Can't wait ! 
Well fuck, I missed where they cancelled one of our fave shows to catch. Hope another network picks… 
....you brought up Gunn talking about how he was… 
What Ted Cruz said about Disney and Notre Dame was mean-spirited and too soon. I, for one, can’t wait for the limit… 
Could #TheGifted find a new home on #Disneyplus? 
I come into the store after a delivery at work and everyone turns to look at me and they all have a question on the… 
we do love a disney channel movie 
Your #Texas senator bashing the philanthropy of after the tragedy of #NotreDame! This is indefensible. #VoteCruzOut 
Check out DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies 
Another possibility, true... 
My mom tryna negotiate with my niece to change the channel from DisneyMom: My baby, do we have to watch this the… 
#amberalerts can be triggering SEE SOMETHING SAY SOMETHING#LA use your phones ....Also this is an opportunity… 
THEN WHY ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT HIM GETTING FIRED FROM DISNEY OMG 
That looks cool! 
Take your children too see where JESUS DIED; not to Disney World. 
Ah yeah I mean she's been in quite a few even played in an old Disney… 
"U.S. and Canadian retail travel agents can now earn 10% commission on Disney’s photo package, Memory Maker."… 
Netflix minimiza impacto de rivais Disney e Apple 
Disney's Streaming Service Will Have A Show Called 'Be Our Chef' Hosted By Angela From 'The Office' 
Escape to a world full of beloved stories. Learn more at: 
Mouse Guard became the first Fox movie discarded by Disney 
Disney and other Theme Parks galleries updated. 
Have you heard? announced its new streaming service, Disney+. Check out all the films and series that will… 
Ted Cruz slammed for mocking Disney’s $5M pledge to rebuild Notre Dame: 'How much did you donate?' 
welli just bought a lot of classic disney movies basically finished off all the ones i didnt havebaby necessities, yknow 
why the hell would you mock Disney on such a serious matter. The generosity to help a historical place I t… 
You know honestly, I get angry at the world around me. We are lied to from day one. All the stories we are told and… 
Mark Hamill revels in trolling ‘Star Wars’ fans: ‘I’m sure Disney’s not that happy about it’ | Fox News 
it was too blurry to see a face but someone found the person who is actually in the photo so im happy for… 
I'm one of those malcontents who wishes the songwriting team never sold out to Disney and kept writin… 
oh Ross Lynch. and yea he used to be on disney skksks 
Disney cancels Mouse Guard and The Gift  up next Legion and New Mutants, I’m sure. 
The travel agency is now training me to become a Disney travel agent specialist!!! Squeeeeeing intensifies! 
Walt Disney $DIS Price Target Raised to $140.00 
Once again, fuck Disney. 
While we were in we treated ourself to a couples massage. In this new vlog we show you all the pe… 
This 29-year-old Utah County actor, director, screenwriter, songwriter, producer and one-woman marketing department… 
i was really really sad about having to cancel my disney trip until my dad called this morning and said he’s gonna… 
cc we’re never going to disney world.   ever. 
Thank you Disney from Orlando where my husband is a Cast Member and from Paris which it was our second home when we… 
You can download free fonts. I have Disney ones created by people. I'm sure there's GoT ones 
leave alone. Use it as a platform to launch the X-Men universe after. The show is so beautiful. 
Now that Disney owns Fox, having a competing X-men show not tied into the MCU didn't make a lot of… 
Celebrating 25 years of Disney on Broadway… I have been honored to be a Disney prince twice, Bert, and my daughter… 
While I'm neutral to the TCH/Disney partnership, I'm curious if the approach will include something… 
Ready to visit one of Disney's most magical destinations? We plan it all! Let's get you started today! 
2019 Party For The Planet At Disney's Animal Kingdom #WaltDisneyWorld #AnimalKingdom #EarthDay #PartyforthePlanet… 
Disney, duh 
Let’s send  to #BoyWithLuv by Ft. Halsey on the Radio Disney Top Songs Chart! #4 →… 
Florida! It’s great here Sunny and beautiful! There’s so many beaches and Disney world is here! 
Lost their logic? They've lost sight of who/what put them at the top of… 
Disney and Final Fantasy two of my most favorite things  
Damn she is straight out of Disney....somewhere there i… 
Disney Seemed to Declare War on Netflix 
Thank you for your interest in Disney Channel Daily where you will receive one (1) 2000’s hit to your DM… 
pls fix FLINT FIRST!!! 
Walt Disney World Resort Celebrates Earth Day With  New Photo voltaic Facility Able to Powering Two Theme Parks 
#RiseOfSkywalker trailer has been out for DAYS and we've heard nothing from the nerd crew.. did they die? are they… 
Here are the biggest analyst calls of the day: Disney, Apple, Autodesk, Murphy Oil, &amp; more  
‘Penguins’ Review: Disney’s Nature Doc Celebrates Our Furry Flightless Friends - 
not even noon and i'm crying over disney songs 
15TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
I’m pro rebuilding/restoring ancient buildings artifacts that hold deep meaning in history &amp; art history alike. I b… 
Which #Disney snack is your favorite? 
PERIOD’T. 
Bridge to Terebithia. It is one of my favorite Disney live-action films and you recreated a traile… 
Bruh she tried to finesse me. Panda wasn’t open so we all in the Disney store  
Hope your day is fabulous  
I’m saying! 
Disney bought FoxNews 
Join us for Disney On Ice presents Mickey's Search Party at the 2019 Oklahoma State Fair! This show features all yo… 
Ill only consider that Disney subscription service thing if they have the thirteenth year or smart house 
Reading the redacted Mueller report is like trying to watch Pulp Fiction edited for Disney Channel. 
I love you  It is a darn shame that Disney sold out humanity and Almighty God to join the Evil Deep State Skulls 
Disney material 
Planning a trip to Disney World with your Discord-channel mates is a reason to live 
14TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
A 'Beauty &amp; The Beast' Bar Is Coming To Disney And You Don't Even Need A Park Ticket To Visit 
Make no mistake, #swtor fans. The game isn't part of the current #StarWars canon. The books, the characters, the mo… 
How about slap the shit out of Barr as I walk by and pick up my $10K from the bank because I’m buying Obama… 
2005-2010 Theme Songs! | Throwback Thursday | Disney Channel via 
Coca Cola, Sprite, Dasani seen through Star Wars lenses..... #Primecard #savings 
Excessive blinking is a outward sign of lying.  No or little blinking? Not sure. Did Disney not program… 
Utah filmmaker Savannah Ostler wants to be "the female vision of Walt Disney," controlling every aspect of her film… 
Scooters at packed Disney World parks spawn accidents, lawsuits and glares - Orlando Sentinel 
I LOVED #Thegifted I am sorry to hear it got cancelled. Hears to hoping then show gets picked up by #Disney!! 
I just wanna go to Disney World  
How about you guys consider making Esmeralda from The Hunchback of Notre a Disney Princess in honor of Notre Dame and France? 
Disney’s Animal Kingdom opened in 1998. Just a suggestion. 
do any of you have any ideas for my preschools summer camp?! Do any of you do any outreach programs? 
Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum are characters from Disney's 1951 animated feature film Alice in Wonderland… 
You know what can completely turn around a grumpy, soggy morning? Singing along to Disney tunes at the top of your… 
Disney Scraps 'Mouse Guard' Two Weeks Before Production Set to Begin via 
How to plan a Disney vacation:1. Download Disney app2. Sell your fucking kidney because it’s gonna be like $10 grand 
That, plus strawberries and a huge gob of whipped cream *o* #Disney 
Barr to Trump...I will lie for you to help you get ahead of this damning report. But sooner or later, Congress will… 
How long until Earth is renamed Disney World? 
: an actress on Disney channel : mom/nursing student 
My daughter was a dinosaur expert during her preschool years with a few princess moments. I was psyched to… 
I’m like in between going to Disney land for my 21st or a cruise lol 
Breakthrough‘s opening day is just $200K shy of Franklin’s March 2016 Miracles From Heaven which posted $1.88M on i… 
Thanks Mom...  and Disney 
$DIS $ROKU:The Launch of Disney+ Could Be Worth $1 Billion to 
Disney wasn't the owner of when he got in that accident so they ha… 
Authentic 925 Disney Shellie May Charm "Brand New" Sterling Silver via 
The BEST advice you will hear about Walt Disney World Crowds 
Authentic 925 Disney Duffy Bear Charm Sterling Silver via 
Authentic 925 Disney Honey Pot Pooh Bear Charm "Brand New" Sterling Silver via 
Authentic 925 Disney Minnie Icon Dangle Charm Sterling Silver via 
 Super excited about the #SnaptheGap project from to support #girlsinSTEM #CSforALL 
He banged Mara Jade. Disney can’t remove that. 
Authentic 925 Disney Floating Minnie Dangle Charm Sterling Silver via 
Following Netflix’s mixed earnings report yesterday, GI’s Mariann Montagne joined to break… 
I really loved this article about high school students participating in a personal financial competition. So, I tho… 
Oh no, this could have been very cool. "#Disney Scraps #MouseGuard Two Weeks Before Production Set to 
Y'all... Disney has a majority stake in Hulu, with that guidance Hulu just bought AT&amp;T. AT&amp;T owns DCcomics,  most o… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: 1991 Playmates (Disney) "TALESPIN" (DUMPTRUCK) Action Figure, RARE!  Flyin… 
My gosh man I’m dead from just traveling after a Disney World trip.. I couldn’t imagine continents … 
Jesus probably would not care what the type of worship building. I think he said “give to the poor.” How ma… 
Or it be like Disney’s magic castle.   #NotreDameCathedralFire 
My favorites are her Disney movies. I think a lot of people today don’t realize she is from an acting fam… 
disney/marvel&gt;pixar&gt;dreamworks 
Did you hear that Disney is coming? #NerdWorldOrder 
The Florida theme park is full of quirks, but over the years guests have noticed another strange feature: none of t… 
Camiseta LAUGHTER IS TIMELESS | WALT DISNEY de Space #camiseta #movidoapessoasincriveis 
Did Disney donate to rebuild the 3 churches burned to the ground?I think not. 
CHILD'S PLAY OFFICIAL TRAILER #2 REACTION via 
One of my bosses at work reminds me of the wolf sheriff from the Disney Robin Hood and I can’t unsee it now. 
I was shocked that there are virtually no ads in comic books today. Publishers are putting it all on t… 
Surprise Field Trip to Disney on Ice!!! #baptistprep #disney Verizon Arena 
Disney Cruise Line and Captain Minnie Mouse Inspire Next Generation of Female Ship Captains via 
Cruz's odd and distasteful comment on Disney's 5 million dollar donation to rebuild Notre Dame allowed me to rename… 
Absolute best time playing Snow White in Dungeons and Disney one-shot tonight! It was her first time… 
Been going out with this boy and he just told me he hates Disney #dealbreaker #byeeeeeee 
Yzma is the best Disney Villain but Mother Gothel is the worst. 
Disney on Ice!  
And this is why media consolidation is a bad thing, kids.If this pisses you off, find someone who voted for Reaga… 
My aesthetic is so weird... Pastel Floral Disney Princess and Poe Gothic Horror.... Like I may kill you and hide yo… 
Notice the hiring of Donna Brazile and all the Dem candidate town halls. Disney is in control of Fox… 
Disney Corp is worth $98B, btw. Maybe they should fix Flint instead of producing fairy tales. 
I'm disappointed, but not surprised to hear that #TheGifted was canceled. That said, I'm hopeful that we'll get som… 
Disney Games?! GOOD DISNEY GAMES?!! Nani?! 
Staying at Disney’s Hilton Head Island Resort 
DISNEY and Paul Ryan is what happened...and Wallace is a liberal 
So could the Democrats running Flint. They are the cause of the disaster, after all.#Democrats 
“you’ll be in my heart” from Tarzan would be PERF for Disney night  
Disney,  right? 
Disney, Apple and Other Companies and Businessmen Who Donated Millions To Restore Notre-Dame Cathedral… 
I’d love to see a Disney Parks one with all the lore behind the attractions and settings, mostly I… 
Quote of the day:“Let the Disney tunes flow and dirt beware!” 
Disney Baby Finding Nemo Sea of Activities Jumper 
It's a flower? It's an old classic? Disney Corp are Nazis? #NoYouCantHaveAPony 
I would love to see your take on a classic Disney/animated film like Sleeping Beauty! 
Oh, hell—is Disney involved now? 
Here’s a rundown of what’s happening around Walt Disney World Resort for Easter! 
Would be interested to see the Imagineering take on the hospital, top-… 
Is that the same that pays employees sub-survival wages, that had a tenth of its employees struggling,… 
We love connecting with other disney channels you bet 
#newblogpost: Affordable Family Trip Alternatives to Disney World 
Disney Dessert Party 
any news on agent carter being revived on disney +? i mean...all the actors would come back in a heart beat.. 
unfortuly i wasn't surprised at all by… 
Gonna be in #Disney World this weekend?Free LYFT rides up to $50 with code: MIGUELT10 
I *still* expect the birdies to fix my hair. Every time.Disney is lies. They can't up-do for sh*t. 
We’re all fine here. Yes, garage sales take time to set up. But it’ll be extra spending money for Di… 
A small Theme-Park based Youtuber put together a very inspiring video in support of many other grea… 
“Never show them where the crib be.Shit is looking like it’s Disney “ 
This sucks. It makes total sense from a business perspective, but the timing is awful. I hope Mouse Guard finds a n… 
Disney Pledges Millions To Help Rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral 
Fox’s Mouse Guard Film Halted by Disney 
Next up is Merida!There are few who are as fun to shoot with as this woman!Model: Ana Chronistic Cosplay Edite… 
They are now owned by Disney and are going left. 
Amen to that! I would be right there on opening day. 
One if my favorite films and favorite #DisneyVillains of all time. Of all the sequels they never made.... 
Well Fox wanted to make it, not Disney. So why would they? 
I see NETFLIX AMAZON PRIME VIDEO(for the free shipping) HULU  and now DISMEY + AS the must have serv… 
Na Disney 
If you ever feel bad about yourself just remember that you’re talented bc you still remember the lyrics to Disney songs you learned as a kid 
*gets you coffee* Yeah def not the right time to discuss Disney.*gets ya candy too* Spoiling my sis lol 
Can Disney just buy DC already so we can get some decent movies out of em? Sheeesh 
The Walt Disney Company Presents Wall-to-Wall Coverage of the 2019 NFL Draft 
It has been dead since Disney got its hands on it 
theme for the Mueller Report makes me feel like I’m in the line for Mission Mars at Disney World 
Heads up for those who follow  — there appears to be a 50% off “sale” on select Disneynature DVDs an… 
Captain Minnie Mouse to Debut on Disney Cruise Line Ships Later this Month 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Penguins’ Review: Disney’s Nature Doc Celebrates Our Furry Flightless Friends… 
I’m sure there was a concerted effort by Disney to conceal the fact that Coach Bombay’s brother was… 
I don't think we're going to get bonus features on Disney+, because I don't think they're going to st… 
Goonies Clue Bill &amp; Ted Excellent AdventureRobin Hood (Disney) Three Amigos 
Well, the #segagenesismini is shaping up to be a very worthwhile investment. How exactly di… 
Ted Cruz Mocked for Joke About Disney's Donation to Help Rebuild Notre Dame: 'Almost as Funny as You are Creepy' -… 
Made it to Disney for high school baseball!! 
Thanks!!! 
“The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.” --Rafiki (Robert Guillaum..… 
tangled is one of the best disney movies and you can’t change my mind 
#TedCruz thinks everything is a #transaction. All his votes are paid for! #MakeAmericaPayAgain and again #NotreDameCathedralFire #Disney 
Walt Disney on how to stay motivated and bounce back from failure in life  #BUBruins… 
"If you can dream it, you can do it." —Walt Disney via 
Disney Plus: Everything we know about Disney's Netflix rival 
Not saying that raising a child with natural hair is going to be an easy Disney fairy story, but it is possible! He… 
Have you heard? Tickets go on sale in two weeks (a week earlier for Passholders). Our advice: buy tickets early! We… 
Today on dnd: Bilbo the Disney princess 
Captain Minnie! Love it  
Disney plans to go up against ‘Chef’s Table’ with ‘Be Our Chef’ 
I love everything about this #GirlPower 
Btw, many of the PR citizens had to move to the mainland bec… 
But not alone  these videos you seem like your having a less enjoyable time than usual. 
Disney also benefits from the work of underpaid PR and other… 
'The Gifted' Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming via 
To be clear, the decision to rebrand the EU as 'Legends' was George Lucas's idea before D… 
Another reason to love #Disney  
Hollywood Vampires song who’s laughing now is addictive.I listened to a bunch of times until I got the joke,Now i… 
Forever on the hunt for Donald.  And I lost my figment at Disney #FunkoApp 
This summer is about to be legit. First in June is a week trip to London then to Jacksonville for my boys… 
I got Hermione-Belle! Everyone Is 50% Disney And 50% Harry Potter Character — Who Are You? I got Hermione-Belle!… 
Jerry the vlogger that makes enchiladas and goes to Disney world 
Sen. Ted Cruz Snark On Disney Notre Dame Donation Draws Online Ire 
Exploring the Frozen, Fascinating World of “Penguins” at Walt Disney Studios via 
people from other countries: where are you from?me: Floridapeople: omg do you go to disney world every day? whe… 
Yes for sure. Disney live action movie used to be so original and creativ… 
Haha - these are Disney, which is hilarious to me. Will be watching at home today for sure. 
Totally! I’m right there with you — I’ve already planned… 
Disney World? 
200 days until 
Disney Cruise Line and Captain Minnie Mouse Encourage Subsequent Technology of Feminine Ship Captains 
Thinking I should just book a Disney trip and not wait any longer.... 
Sad panda. I loved this show.  
It’s gonna be like pulling teeth for assets just like Square. They wanted to g… 
Tasting menu at Disney Spring's Jaleo is like a theme park for foodies #travel 
Hello! I have a few questions about an internship. How can I best contact you? Kind regards. 
Exactly this.A Mara Jade that would let Luke turn into the s… 
Eliminated ‘American Idol’ contestants describe experience, what’s next seven singers… 
So all this talk about Disney/Luscasfilm developing a movie set in the old republic just need to do one thing to su… 
Bored &amp; Sassy episode 7 is up! We talk about Disney+ (eeeee!!!), things to do in Epcot if you don't drink, and some… 
I'm afraid it is + peolpe who already preordered tickets got a refund on screenings w… 
just want stories.   it might be wise to heed what people are saying. They are the ones who… 
You know I am a big fan of and with all their wonderful films. However I will say (and a lot… 
Planning a trip to Disney soon? Print out this FREE Travel Planner with Disney Subway Art dividers. GET IT HERE :… 
Hooray for this #SuperStrongChick! Yay Captain Minnie! #RAWR 
9 is a great #!!!! Esp when talking about disney!! Have u see our new disney diy window decor for WDW… 
Yikes!!!80 that is a lot!!! Have u see our new disney diy window decor for WDW hotels? Mary poppins… 
Yes, because if Disney needs anything it’s more name recognition. 
'The Gifted' axed by Fox, may be snatched up by Disney 
Have u see our new disney diy window decor for WDW hotels? Mary Poppins and Bert we filmed this LIVE last night.… 
Have u see our new disney diy window decor for WDW hotels? Mary poppins and bert 
Love that bag!!! Have u see our new disney diy window decor for WDW hotels? Mary poppi… 
Mystery Bonus Disney Movie Rewards Points! - 
Adorable Vintage Disney Seven Dwarfs Necklace, 1950s Snow White Movie Memorabilia via 
Keep seeing comments like this: "Don't give money to rebuild the #NotreDame Cathedral because there are starving… 
Has ever *HELP* with any Crisis?!? Asking for a friend.  
Come on, Gause. I KNOW you loved the Disney- like dragon ride scene with Jon and Dany giving Eskimo kisses to each other. 
Seniorella Disney Graduation #graduation #graduate #gradgift #giftforher… 
Most underrated Disney princess! #Kida Like if you would wear this or tag a friend who would look great in this c… 
#Disney spirit day Staff Meeting Shenanigans #ogpride #turner202Strong 
I'm not counting those since disney just chucked them out the window… 
EPCOT #photography #blackandwhite #bw #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast #monochrome… 
#savegifted #savegifted #savegifted please 
They lost me with the Disney-fying and costuming. Johnny Depp looked l… 
What’s your guys favorite classic Disney Movie? Mines probably Beauty And The Beast 
Better late than never! 
This is a great trip into Dark Clouds history of heckling."You find out from the player's wife on Twitter that he… 
While it’s nice of Disney to pledge this money, the amount is akin to me sending a dime. Some very quick r… 
All the human suffering going on in the world (poverty, homeless, hunger, sickness) &amp; they want to give $5 million… 
How can anyone be this happy over the absolute shit Disney has turned starwars into? Like hes serious? wtf lol 
Take it, taaaake it alllllllll   .. honestly can’t wait streaming service 
How to Go to Disney without Debt via 
I really like genmaicha tea (green tea with roasted rice) I saw it for sale normally &amp;… 
Disney Channel's Big Hero 6 Gets Renewed for Season 3 with Season 2 Premiering May 8, 2019 - Anime Superhero 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt DisneyEaster is almost here!Receive… 
There’s Magic in the Air as Progress Continues on Disney Skyliner at Walt Disney World Resort 
a cutting mat, the Pica side of a large plastic ruler (I got studying design*) &amp; a small stanley kni… 
To what do we owe the sudden burst of irony? #Texans would love to know WHY you'd take the time to put dow… 
Who run the world? GIRLS!...jk it's Disney. 
#SnowWhite Bracelet Sells for a Staggering Six-Figure SumThe #bracelet from the estate of Jean Tailer shattered t… 
Sen. Ted Cruz Snark On Disney Notre Dame Donation Draws Online Ire. 
“This is an organic problem and it has a holistic solution.” - that one cow from Disney’s Home on the Range 
Disney still giving money to Fox News? 
GM: "Will Disney’s Stock Gains Open a Stitch?" -  by $SPY $QQQ $IWM $SMH $IYT $DIS 
Disney’s Hollywood Studios to have a good time its 30th anniversary with in park occasions 
Disney+ content will be available in India via Hotstar Premium at no extra cost 
and also shows that actually know how to handle gay characters e… 
disney movie marathon 
I love Gerald, he's the best. I was so upset that The Disney Store sold out of his plush i… 
Millions pouring in for Notre Dame in France but no one will help Pine Ridge #smh #native #Disney gave 5 Million 
’it’s sherlock holmes, and you’re watching disney channel’ 
Vulpera. Sigh. World of Disney. 
Please pick up   it is a lovely show!  
No money should be accepted from people or companies that believe LGBTQ is normal an morally right!!!    Ted Cruz h… 
Every parent at Disney 
Disney Kim Possible | Mission Improbable (Cartoon Games) via 
Well, you ain't presidential. So they can't be harassing you.Head of Disney, maybe? 
Omgggg. I just got sad. I remember when I was younger and would be soooo excited when new Disney movies would come… 
How come they can’t pay taxes to fix our crumbling roads and bridges?  Disney hypocrites. 
First Presbyterian Church to host Walt Disney Chautauqua performance 
WHO WANTS TO SAIL ABOARD DISNEY 1-2- 3 Chances To Win 
I would’ve voted for you. But this is stupid. Notre Dame is a cathedral. A church of God. A religious icon… 
DISNEY PLEASE DON’T SLEEP ON THIS SHOWWWW!!!! ITS SO GOOD &amp; DESERVES BETTER THAN CANCELLATION!!!! #TheGifted  
Disney’s Magical Experiences in 2019 
Like Disney wouldn't steal this in a heartbeat. 
Pandora  em Disney's Animal Kingdom Theme Park 
we need a disney princess that suffers from coldsores 
Very Disney of you.  Nope. Try again. 
Raphael, are you saying Disney's going to be a pay for play with France like you are with Trump and Russia? You mus… 
Disney Baby Newborn Footed Sleep and Play, Winnie The Pooh 
Disney shares rise after Cowen upgrades the stock, citing streaming service launch, new Star Wars… 
If Disney wants to make donations, they should give money to whoever runs against #TedCruz next time 
Hey just woke up and realized 2 things:Don't mess with Disney.  Your career is over.Ted Cruz s… 
The Hunchback of Notre Dame grossed over $325m in 1996 and is only donating $5m to help rebuild it? I'm not… 
Ted Cruz hit on social media for joke about Disney’s $5M donation to Notre Dame Cathedral #FoxNews 
Sort of how Tolkien demanded in his will that Disney never had it. But without putting it in his will 
Brian Jacques was pretty clear he didn't want Disney to ever own redwall actually. Woops 
You look like a Disney Princess! Happy belated birthday 
When did Catwalk go away? And does anyone know it’s official seating cap… 
The Walt Disney Company pledges $5 million to support rebuilding of Notre-Dame 
Can’t wait for Disney w Billy and his family 
"Ad:" Disney's Little Mermaid Fantasy Pin LE 50.  FlyingTreasures 
You mad cause Disney’s $5M is not going to your sorry bank account? 
Win Disney on Ice tix: Dare to Dream at 7a, then 7:30a- Miguel at UCA, 8a- $4k a day national keyword, 8:30a- VIP B… 
School shooters are this generations serial killers in 30 years some zac efron esque twink will be playing one of t… 
No love, per usual..  
So sad that I’m not going to Disney with my family today  
The sad story of a Amazing movie released at the wrong time... Truly a Disney Masterpiece that didn’t get the love… 
Not a defense as I think that Marvel and Disney sho… 
The only bad thing is that Luke and Mara's relationship is non canon now unless Disney wants it to be canon unfortunately 
Subliminal.... Disney is famous for creatingpictures hidden within a picture! These Obama’s have never li… 
PRODUCTION - IN THE JUNGLEGrenville High School goes to the jungle this year, with a performance based on Disney’s… 
Disney donates $5M to Notre Dame reconstruction following fire 
Finna be me Disney  
#LCCAF Lake Como Comic Art Festival - using three shades of color#HarrisonFord #IndianaJones #RaidersOfTheLostArk… 
Foodie Fun! 11 Controversial "Would You Rather" Food Vs. Disney Questions You Need To Answer Right Now: Taco Belle,… 
After a long day at work of playing Eric from Disney on Ice’s ‘The Little Mermaid’, Cernovich still… 
Disney World Chat! May jump back into this over the summer 
Why’d he dye his hair? New movie role? 
Well I guess that means we’re one step closer to thawing out Walt Disney.... He’s probably gonna hate the… 
American Idol Reveals the Top 10: Who’s Making It to Disney Night?   #Hollywood &amp; Enterta… 
I’ll be getting rid of Netflix the day Disney+ drops 
#fun #cutebaby #babycare Disney Cinderella's Romantic Castle Building Set ... 
Fox letting it go in the new world is no surprise. But Disney taking this Marvel-sponsored show and roll… 
Disney to donate $5 million for Notre Dame Cathedral restoration 
I was various Disney Characters for years in Toowoomba at Uni. Mickey was always loved by all the… 
Scooters at packed Disney World parks spawn accidents, lawsuits and glares 
Magic Johnson joins Ice Cube’s effort to buy sports networks from Disney 
Disney’s $6.99-per-month streaming immediately makes it a value winner over Netflix  
Why Disney+ Will Be Tough to Beat - The Atlantic 
The comments on Reddit are full of people talking about Disney ruining Stitch 
happy ending ?sorry , we aren’t in disney 
Play Disney Parks App Now Available on Android Devices 
The Banshee ride at Disney World is the closest thing I've ever felt to flying on a dragon. 
I’m in ATL, my son had his first visit to Morehouse yesterday! Some kids want Disney, my 9 year old r… 
You cherish the people who are dear to you with a steady flow ... More for Cancer 
Literally any movie made by Disney after 2013 
I got Hulk! Quiz: Which Avengers: Infinity War Character Are You? | Movies 
Hunchback of Notre Dame adjacent theme park coming up.Seriously though I hope this turns out to be an actual altr… 
Disney hates Flint too! 
Because the churches that pay NO tax and collect money can’t afford to? Sure. I will never g… 
#tbt to last years birthday....#throwbackthursday #magickingdom #disneyworld #disney #cinderellacastle… 
‘Dumbo’: Does Disney Need Another Remake? – Variety 
I blame Disney. 
 Check out what's happening in the world this THURSDAY!#BREAKING #Disney #NusratJahanRafi #BTS… 
obamas Impressionist posing as a Disney caricature. #toxic 
Fort Myers, FL Montclair COMMCNS Inc Hi DMA SCL Media WZVN-SDT= +Weigel… 
‘Netflix killers’? Why Netflix may actually benefit from Disney+ and other streaming entrants 
Disney has bought FOX! they are now owned by foknutz &amp; twitbrains! Loony Left n… 
Extra particulars revealed on the Disney Skyliner Gondola Community 
Netflix May Actually Benefit From Disney+ and Other Streaming Entrants – Variety 
The joke was cute &amp; innofensive.Perhaps a little too soon tobe making jokes.Poor timing &amp; lack of discretion is… 
"You're a natural born leader, but you also know when to take a step back and let someone else take over. " seráI… 
I feel like would appreciate this  
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matt… 
#DailyWorldBriefing on April 181. Dresses of Kate Winslet at costume exhibition Disney… 
nailed it  Disney Parks history is my ishhhhh and I love that you're so into it. defs check out… 
Sabrina performing Sue Me at Radio Disney Brazil! 
Stuffed animal emergency? Doc McStuffins is here to help. Starting tomorrow on Disney Junior, Channel 309, and show… 
Sabrina at her event in Radio Disney Brazil! 
Sabrina answering a fan question at her event with Radio Disney Brazil! 
Sabrina at the Radio Disney Brazil Event! 
Sabrina performing Paris at Radio Disney Brazil! 
Netflix's can coexist with Disney, streaming competitors 
This past week, we had co-founders Tim Wucher and Disney Andreas - to tell us more about this co… 
DISNEY men's dress graphic #tie MICKEY polyester 3 #sale 
Why did you all allow Disney to buy Fox? I'm sick of these far left tech and entertainment monopolies cont… 
Callaghan as cupcakes : a thread 
Dungeons and Dragons day 3 of is running a Disney Princess inspired stream tonight and I'm playing w… 
New post: Mattel Disney Pixar CARS: Open for Business, Biz Torqsen 
  Disney offers $5 mn for the Notre-Dame it once immortalized on film #wallst #yahoo 
Stop going in on #TedCruz for his #Disney #princess #NotreDame crap. It wasn't offensive in any way and once everyo… 
Gothel: 
Walt disney quoted:All our dreams can come true, If we have the courage to pursue them. 
 ani-mia: I want to go back to Disneyland! Anyone else been to a Disney park? I never want to leave... 
Taylor Swift as modern CGI Disney villains: 
#Disney #Magickingdom #Disneyworld #Orlando Watch "My Time at Disney I Got to Pixie Dust People. It was a proud mom… 
Cute pic of Sarah from Newsies 
Ariana Grande as Disney Princesses: 
Magic Johnson joins Ice Cube’s effort to buy sports networks from DisneyIce Cube’s underdog bid to acquire 21 reg… 
there is no reason for there to not be a disney smash bros clone 
Do the Disney live action remakes frustrate you? 
Ted Cruz hit on social media for joke about Disney’s $5M donation to Notre Dame Cathedral. 
I Ship/Don't Ship It MEMES!Credit to MiraculousQueen22#thomily #bobthebuilder #thomas #emily #abbymallard… 
Why are you thinking about Disney princesses? 
here's some not-exactly-recent art of mine bc I don't ever post anything on here - enjoy! #art #artistsontwitter… 
Zeke the student that gets nose jobs and goes to Disney world 
Details emerge about new streaming service. What is the line for saturation in the streaming market?… 
Maybe but Netflix has doubled it’s price in a very very short time. What will Disney be offering? Does Mehta… 
lmao disney btfo 
Ford - bankruptcy Disney - bankruptcy And many, many more successful companies and people. 
I have no problem watching scary movies alone but best believe a fucking Disney movie is going on right after 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra #Android 
Disney Wisdom April Pins - - °o° -Tigger and Piglet look really nice, and I’d wear them if i wasn’t keeping them… 
Hearthstone has a new opening cinematic that is in line with old-school Disney movies. It's freaking amazing and re… 
Ted is the worst.  I'm pretty sure that Disney wouldn't want anything to be about them.  They make a lot of money i… 
Walt Disney Company pledges to donate 5 million USD to help rebuild #NotreDameCathedral 
I feel like Aladdin is underrated. Don't know why but I feel like whenever I talk to ppl about Disney they never me… 
What happens when  you finally Google the lyrics to your favorite song and you come to find out that you've been si… 
this is like someone/some-group demanded a remake as serious/dramatic/violent as the so… 
I could go for some chocolate milk, a nice warm blanket and Disney’s Treasure Planet on dvd. Who’s joining? 
I am sure Disney will make it a grounbreaking hit lol... 
Disney pledges $5,000,000 to help rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral 
I just imagine Takumi would be drooling the moment Leo appears in THAT GETUP. LIKE BOY YOU PICKED WISELY LEMME TELL… 
Ted Cruz hit on social media for joke about Disney’s $5M donation to Notre Dame Cathedral - 
how about disney gives five million dollars to rebuild the three black churces burned in Louisiana by some racist redneck 
If we can’t rewatch old Disney movies together, I don’t want you 
Me too man 
Ted Cruz hit on social media for joke about Disney’s $5M donation to Notre Dame Cathedral | Fox News 
Budgeting Disney – Eating for Days 
Ted Cruz hit on social media for joke about Disney’s $5M donation to Notre Dame Cathedral 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame - HuffPost 
ratio’d. I don’t even understand what he’s getting at here. the only Disney princess from France is Belle, and she’… 
Who says they didn't earn or deserve more? You're gonna take… 
Check out Mickey Mouse c Walt Disney Productions T-Shirt Single Stitch S/M ? (see pics) 
Me today #Retail #disney #killingme 
The Disney movie Dumbo was based on Aoc please see it it's very uplifting 
And get this, one of the little Mermaids friends off of the Disney movie is actually and Angel's fis… 
Now Disney lost they damn mind with that crazy looking stitch 
"..it is possible to argue policy without attacking people. "I want to hear a pitch that isn't grounded in contem… 
DISNEY NIGHT!!! COME LIDTEN TO SOME DISNEY MUSIC AND WATCH APEX WITH CAMLYNKNIGHT ....… 
Are we really surprised? Blame Feige and Disney. 
Do one on the song Disney Girls as it appears on Surf’s Up (1971) and Going Public (1977) 
#Starwars #Lucasfilms #Disney #Jedi #TheForceAWakens #JJAbrams #Rey #Fin #FoxNews #CNN #MSNBC #TheLastJedi… 
omg i just remembered when becky g first started off and she would get promoted on disney channel and they would al… 
In honor of Disney's Beauty and the Beast opening on Broadway 25 years ago today, let's throwback to some beautiful… 
#Shadowhunters Villains as Disney Villain Songs:(Might turn these into drawings once my wrist is healed )Lilit… 
I need to keep turning the game off.  Every time I do they come back and end up winning in overtime! 
 SALE POST Hello, I have many anime, manga, video games and other stuff from Love Live!, Inazuma Eleven,… 
Don't Give Disney Ideas xD 
Disney in Trump's pocket 
conspiracy theory: prequel memes were started by disney to trick people into thinking the star wars prequels were g… 
Sen. Ted Cruz Snark On Disney Notre Dame Donation Draws Online Ire – Deadline 
Imagine if Disney donated a portion of that money to the Black Churches that were burned down in the Louisiana. 
 Neither is Circle of Life by Disney Channel Circle of Stars... not sure if… 
Disney: Endgame 
I am still defending the choices RJ made on TLJ, if simply because he did something different. My worry about Disne… 
Disney used “anti-drone” drones to prevent people from spying on the set of #StarWars Episode VIII. via… 
I don't like Disney week on only good music from Disney is songs from the musical Newsies 
I'd prefer Disney give money to help #Flint and #PuertoRico but that comment is more than stupid - it's heartless. 
Okay, but. Are you and a Disney Prince/Princess couple and YOU DIDN'T TELL US?! Squirrels, NOW FOXES!?  
The Disney-fying of Nature is why so many people think “all-natural” is perfect and… 
SpaceBalls And Honey I Shrunk the Kids haha 
Trying to take nyla to Disney world for her bday 
I celebrated accidentally by watching two movies with him in a row for the last two nights  
Probably an unpopular opinion but I actually think some of the "Disney hates Jews" jokes in Family Guy are funny. I… 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame The GOP senator's apparent attempt at hum… 
Kill my debt, invest in stocks, take my kiddo to Disney World 
Time you build up points to get anything decent, they expire. Waste of time. 
Unless Disney+ has goof troop they might as well give it all up. There I said it. 
looks like some financial heroes are needed to step up too? 
Hey what about #PuertoRico or #Flint? 
either you or please pick up the gifted! 
It's not only about Disney, there are people who are willing to pay as much as 200… 
honestly a sucker for anything and everything disney. Made my childhood 
Mr. Iger, this is Kabin Thomas, the former StarBucks Employee who worked at FGW. Please, sir, create a… 
This was on Disney's Instagram page. I'm STILL not used to this.P.S. #DarkPhoenix looks good &amp; I want to see it.… 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost 
I’m guessing “Mr. Toady” Barr is going to be looking more like a fool on Disney’s “Mr. Toad’s Wild Ride” by the end of tomorrow night. 
who gave the disney animators THE RIGHT to make the scene of dumbo and his momma so incredibly sad.... i am sobbing… 
It was nice of Disney. Thank you. 
"Ad:" Ariel silhouette Disney fantasy pin  FlyingTreasures 
Please don't let this wonderful and entertaining show die.  Find a home for it.  This was arguably one of t… 
A terrible side effect of the fox Disney Marvel merger 
Disney celebrates her birthday, take notes guys and gals! 
Episode 2 Podcast talking about Tiger Woods, Disney+, new Star Wars Trailer, interview with from… 
The Princess and the Frog is literally a gem and we must protect it. &amp; ‘Almost There’ is absolutely in my top 5 all… 
Honestly, Harvey Milk, Amelia Earhart and Walt Disney. 
I don’t have children I just tagged along but the Disney cruise was unlike anything I’ve ev… 
Somebody was like "Disney should be a school!" and nobody asked why? 
Laken sporting her Disney shirt! I think she's ready to go back! #LakenMurielle #MyGirl 
i will only sign up for Disney+ if they let me stream Song of the South 
I love Disney World. I have since I was a kid. As an adult, I love the detail put into everything. I love the feeli… 
Sen. Ted Cruz Snark On Disney Notre Dame Donation Draws Online Ire – Deadline #entertainment 
They are. S16E03 is being skipped, and that had a gag about Mickey Mouse hating Jews because that's… 
My mother paid for the whole family to go to Disney world what a blessing  
Hey I hear you're starting a new streaming service. #TheGifted is a great show that would be a wonderful addition. #SaveTheGifted 
Ever get the feeling that there is this friendly sibling competition between the and teams… 
People have become really "protective" of animation studios that aren't Disney for the whole "underdog… 
Like...how freaking perfect is this???????????? I love Disney so freakin much!!!!! 
Sucks to hear the news of #TheGifted being canceled on That really sucks since it was right when the show w… 
After a long few weeks to the beginning of an even longer journey for my baby girl, I finally got control of the tv… 
"If you can dream it, you can do it." ~ Walt Disney 
Mark Hamill on Disney's Reaction to Him Trolling Fans: "What Are They Gonna Do, Fire Me?" this is the guy I love... 
Phil is my first day at the beach 
How much is the Catholic Church worth? They can pay for that stuff themselves. should p… 
Hilarious, but its cool, they got a vacation to Disney world. So the lesson is kids: if you do something d… 
Corporations seem to be falling all over themselves to help the church rebuild Norte Dame... meanw… 
Disney pulls plug on Fox's Wes Ball-directed MOUSE GUARD movie two weeks from planned production start; producers s… 
Every parent at Disney #reddit #viral #videos 
Yes! A MILLION TIMES YES! God this is the best #Disney movie of all time. 
My mom is talking about a trip to Disney during Halloween  
Man I forgot my all time favorite character from disney was Stitch And I totally had this pin! 
Disneyland Resort Will Debut New Oogie Boogie Bash – A Disney Halloween Party, Coming to Disney California Adventur… 
Pretty accurate likeness. 
Mickey Mouse Paper illusion | By more amazing art follow us #art #artist… 
someone take me to disney!!! 
I’m so excited! I’ve never been to Disney so I’m sure it’s going to be overwhelming and super exciti… 
Disney? 
Boycott Disney anyway. 
Maybe there should be actual religious figures, in a CATHOLIC church, not Disney princesses who, by nature, are secular figures 
Disney only 
I got Beauty and the Beast!! 
Judge Claude Frollo is the most relevant Disney villain in our day and age because he resembles the modern left. Ju… 
Waiting for the Disney streaming service. 
Disney Channel Powers Up 'Big Hero 6' Season 3 Order - Animation Magazine 
Omg-osh! A walk through one of the United States’ LAST classic #DisneyStore! icon#Disney… 
Disney fucked it 
Omg-osh! A walk through one of the United States’ LAST classic #DisneyStore!I totally made a pair of fins like thi… 
Cramer: Netflix's content will be enough to hang with Disney, streaming competitors. 
Cramer: Netflix’s content will be enough to hang with Disney, streaming competitors – CNBC 
If Disney can gobble up what they want. What’s the issue with T-Mobile merging with Sprint to cover … 
TBQH this is only the ti the iceberg, so if we can’t handle Disney penises... 
LUKAS CONFIRMED DISNEY PRINCE 
This makes no sense! I hope the actors will band together to encourage fans to try… 
I’ve been on the small ones but once my dad made me go on space mountain at Disney when I was 8 and I cried the entire time 
My, how awkwardly relatable of you. Are you the star of a teen sitcom on Nick or Disney? 
En disney  
yes. everything after the period after Disney was. 
This video of my drunk husband singing Disney to me a few years back still gives me chills. And those legs!!!  
Pity on every penny . Disney should of spend this money on hungry American , it would seem &amp; sound better . 
I know #StarWarsPinball‘s coming to Switch + #JediFallenOrder for PS4/Xbox...But I feel like we should be seeing… 
Do ittttt. Makes me think of the 4th Halloween Town movie on Disney. She goes to a supernatural college. 
New in the shop: Vintage Disney Seven Dwarfs Necklace, 1950s Snow White Movie Memorabilia v… 
My early 2000s memory is just various Geico insurance ads and Disney channel shows. 
E and F #2020Elections end the #OrangeApe tax breaks. Watch just how fast the #Economy tanks now that most… 
The Gifted cancelled ON Fox. Looks like it COULD come back in the future, but for now, the show is over. Any fans,… 
#writingcommunity Is any lie a betrayal? And how do you confront/ learn to trust again? Jasmine seemed pretty quick… 
AOC's Green New Deal Parody from "A Whole New World" from Disney's Aladdin via #AOC  
Five Disney Experiences for Adults via 
Fox TV Network isn't owned by Disney. According to deadline Disney is shopping The Gifted. 
i just want to visit disney. you can’t be sad at disney. 
I’m giddy with excitement this dress is almost ready! We have a pretty spectacular summer coming up! Do you have yo… 
But nothing to the historic black churches burned down this week in America that are trying to raise money to rebui… 
...WHAT. 
Never in the Pocahontas Disney movie was John Rolfe mentioned. However, John Smith was. Why might this be? #Hist1161 
If I ever have kids , I want them to experience Disney like I did . Cassette and everything  but yanno weekends only lol 
One of my friends is a successful chef. She did the Disney Culinary Program. 
You officially took off going to Disney to go to Disney? I’d do Universal. 
i’m not even going to disney anytime soon why am i planning an outfit??? 
I’ve never been to Florida or a Disney Park!! 
The Urban Legend About Scattering Human Ashes at Disney Is True, and It's Worse Than We Thought 
If my poor ass can give $20 to the care of one of Marvel's most prolific creators of the past who met with horrible… 
Create a All the Disney princesses until Moana Tier List via 
But guys, we’re Disney though. 
Check out 1999 Disney Mattel Holiday Hero Series Woody In Santa Suit NIB #Mattel via 
Dear make ALL of our dreams come true and include version of Cinderella on Disney+.… 
Come see our teams peform and send them off to Disney world to perform at ESPN!! This is huge for our girls!!! Cong… 
Disney World is my favorite place on earth but I bet Disney Land would be my favoriter 
Who’s smart decision was this...... 
I feel like the absolute fakest Disney fan because I’ve never even heard of this movie?? 
Please give us the Chicken Little sequel we never got. 
Funny thing is I just saw some of those ears in a Disney store (not millennial pink). 
WTF? #Flint, Michigan still don't have clean water after about 5 years, Puerto Rico is still a mess, &amp; 3 b… 
I'm thinking it'll be moved to Disney+ too... They're rounding up everything. You see they're removing th… 
Not suprised, but it was a good X-Men spin off. 
I am just waiting for the reboot with Marvel and Disney. They better not ruin it either. 
Did anyone watch this?!It reminds me of a song Ariel once sang- Look at this head Isn’t it neatWouldn’t you th… 
Disney Chanel is NOT the same nomore  that shit bogus is hell. 
 please quit canceling my comic book shows unless you have intent… 
I love mine. It's one of my favorite Disney items. I think if they're made in colors p… 
I swipe left on every girl that is in a weird Disney trip 
» Disney announces $5 million donation to help rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral | Blogs 
Tim Cook from Apple, Henry Kravis, and I think the latest was Disney. I mean it’s not as much as the… 
Who owns #FakeNews in America?Extremely rich people who donate heavily to the Democrat Socialist PartyThe "righte… 
what about donating to the 3 black churches that were set on fire because of HATE crime . How about st… 
Coca-Cola, Disney partner with ‘Star Wars’ for exclusive drink bottles 
Figures!! The Gifted, just like all the Netflix shows, owned by DISNEY  now, so ofcourse they are… 
He's on to the evil of the Disney Empire, but don't worry . . . he'll endorse it in a few months. 
spending all the profits on Notre dame. 
Question I ask people when I get to know them: Were you a Nickelodeon or Disney kid? 
#GHETTOBABY best Disney soundtrack? 
Check out VINTAGE DUCK TALES BAG NEW NO TAGS #DISNEY via 
How fans will make their own lightsabers at Disney’s Star Wars land 
I pray Disney donates $5M to Puerto Rico and $5M to help this administration find the immigrant children they stole… 
So what... Disney is worth Billions... Kind of like Beto and Bernie who give nothing to charity... 
Disney+ 
What's pledging to the churches in the south? 
Disneyland swans. That is all.⁣#disneyland #dlr #disneylandcalifornia #disneycalifornia #disney #disneygram… 
Damn, I didn't know it was Disney's responsibility to fix all of the prob… 
That should be obvious.....Yearly Autumnal Musical Event featuring Smoshnose, Benny Magitz, Orange November, Hori… 
It's as upsetting as a completely full bus back to your Disney resort and having to wait for another on… 
I did find something cool for one of my #AvengerEndgame outfits next week, though. This one's at the Disney store.… 
Starting a script for fire Kathleen Kennedy! We Star Wars fans must group together so the next 10 years of Star War… 
Idea: Disney parks (and sell awesome sweatshirts w/ small symbols on the front &amp; big lettering on the… 
Just watched Incredibles 2 in the comfort of my home without annoying little kids and annoying Disney people, and I quite enjoyed it! Wow  
Check out NEW Womens 4 pc C9 Pants, Disney PJ Top, PJ Pants, Gap Jeans Bundle XS 0-2 Lot #Gap via 
My roommate was in my wedding and my other apartment-mates came too! We've all been on lots of trips… 
How reckless of you. 
My mind gets hooked on/obsessed with things and I can't stop thinking about them and right now I'm considering star… 
I mostly liked this show, but it will kill me inside if THIS is the only show that makes the leap to Disney+. 
Is this confirmed? I could see WB absorbing DCU.(If?) WB absorbs DCU  pricing should… 
I got Groot and Paul Rudd!Which Marvel Cinematic Universe Character And Actor Are You A Combo Of? 
8/2/2019? Dammit, Disney!! 
27 Jokes Only 2000s Disney Channel Fans Will Understand 
What bulls don’t want: $SMH going from a breakaway gap to an island top. Then, the market will end like a darker Di… 
The only Disney princesses are in ur fantasy. 
It’s really upsetting that so many people hate the use of screens in the attractions at #universalstudios Yeah Disn… 
Who wants to play Disney Scene It while we wait for Joker? I got dibs on Goofy 
I wanna go on a family vacation and I do not wanna do Disney! 
Doug! 
If you thought Disney and Nickelodeon were geared toward children, you are right. Their need for symbolism will be… 
Everything That Happened at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 | Disney 
Rearview Replay: Backwards Driving | Racing Sports Network by Disney•Pixar Cars 
My question is of all the movies Disney has funded, why is obsessed with Disney princesses?  Is there a… 
followers might be able to help.I feel like… 
Doug 
Are you some type of weird Disney fanboy? Get lost pal... 
so you're a musical theatre stan?? cute! name 5 broadway musicals other than hamilton, dear evan hansen, wicked, th… 
Everything That Happened at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 | Disney From announcing the title of Star Wars: Th… 
Rearview Replay: Backwards Driving | Racing Sports Network by Disneyâ€¢Pixar Cars This segment of Rearview Replay… 
is it true that a Disneyland will soon be built in Cebu, Philippines? 
GIVE ME LIVE ACTION GREAT MOUSE DETECTIVE!! But like actuall mice and rats in lil outfits 
Frozen banana is the best at Walt Disney 
The crew of Disney Nature's Penguins filmed for 900 days to create this 70-minute film. In honor of Earth Day, catc… 
girl you better sing Zero to Hero from Hercules for Disney week cuz you got THEM PIPES 
For not watching a lot of actual Disney movies as a kid (Pixar was what I grew up on), I know a lot of Disney songs. Thanks Disney mania! 
Over $1 billion has been pledged to rebuild Notre Dame - from small donations to multi-euro commitments by France's… 
Ah, misread. Thought you meant about Disney 
Tangled the Series 
God help us that people elected this buffoon into Congress. The GOP is so stunned that some people and bus… 
"Ad:" Authentic Pandora Disney Ariel’s Tiara Dangle Charm - Sterling Silver  FlyingTreasu… 
How much did Disney made from the movie Hunchback of Notre Dam? Maybe they should donate the whole winnings. A… 
As Disney+ enters the streaming landscape, here's a guide for where to find your favorite movies and shows 
Disney donates $5M to Notre Dame reconstruction following fire - Fox News 
Preparing for a High Evolutionary arc in Guardians 3 now that Disney has those rights. Also, Secr… 
what kind if witchcraft is this? 
Which is one more sexy thing by them. If they keep on doing th… 
Emperor’s New Groove School 
take care of Bill Mantlo 
The only background info we need on Solo was who is the dummy who greenlit that God awfu… 
Why did we do this wild crazy Disney challenge today to support ?  I'd like you to meet my A… 
Just astronomically expensive. However, if anyone could afford it, it’s Disney. 
That’d only because you haven’t seen Pooh in Too Smart for Strangers 
What do you think of the new Skyliners? Would you take a ride on it? 
Gypsy rose Blanchard ghost wrote this 
Someone at Disney was sitting in a room surrounded by a mock-up of Ryan Gosling in a pro… 
“It’s kind of fun to do the impossible” - Walt Disney 
always win :)Tirei Mulan! 
I have a question that I have not been able to find a answer to ao I thought ask you. I'm a spicy f… 
Hey Great that you donated to Notre Dame Paris, but what about American churches… 
Who wants to see one of the new magnets?Comment with a number below to see the new #geektastic designs!1. Disney… 
Quirky dramedy is my sweet spot. Grief is my specialty. Semifinalist for ABC/Disney Program, WA experi… 
I mean, in the old EU he came back several times. Though with that said, I can't imagin… 
I’ve got multiple Disney playlists. I love your style. 
My boss, who says is a big disney fan, just NOW [5min ago] found out about Disney famous resuse of animations.I t… 
100% agree 
FULL DISNEY 
Know 
of experiences &amp; on vacations. Hes better traveled than we were at 11 already. He’s allllmost aged out of Disney &amp;… 
(Half the point of coming back was letting Nate experience it. He grew up in a family of 10 people w a SAHM and did… 
flaring, I expected it &amp; am glad it happened after MeowWolf &amp; it’s great it happened in a hotel w the best accommod… 
Huh.So I just had a coffee with one of the TED on-site emergency response contractors, and I’m impressed.It’s n… 
EX IBM &amp; EX APPL Exec's team up w/some big names &amp; look for monthly suscribers &amp; D pool get's… 
Disney donates $5 million to help rebuild Notre Dame, 
What the actual fuck is this tweet.. this is disgusting. 
This movie HORRIFIED me the first time I saw it! #horror #podcasts #spooky #disney 
Kon'nichiwa beautiful world! Feeling very colorful today as I head to Disney seas for day 7 of my vacation! Life is… 
Is Disney sending $$ to Flint or Puerto Rico? 
Scarlett hopefully your dating OT men though not Disney fans?! 
Disney Sets Release Dates For 'Frozen 2,' 'Lion King,' and More 
Disney donates $5M to Notre Dame reconstruction following fire 
Quotes from the Mueller Report only 2000s Disney Channel kids will laugh at. 
Disney Showcases 2019 Parks and Resorts Easter Treats 
For the bride to be that loves all things natural and all things Disney, throwing her a princess-the 
That’s So Raven was my absoulute fave from Disney. Courage The Cowardly Dog, Samuri Jack, Johnny Bravo, Dexter’s La… 
If you want to take the WHOLE family to Disney - here's how to keep everyone happy 
What could be the reasoning behind insensitive remark regarding the generous do… 
I was more of a Cartoonnetwork girl. Disney had good shit too. Shit, Nick had the great shit too. Them were like th… 
Walt Disney and dating app Badoo are the latest companies to pledge funds for the rebuilding of Notre-Dame after th… 
Twitter for iPhone in Disney 
multi usage haha  i’m trying to find something for when i’m in disney later this year but i want it… 
He's just jealous because Disney won't recognize his Princessness. 
Disney offered a $5 million gift to help with the repairs, which is laudable, and more than Cruz has of… 
Disney donates $5M to Notre Dame reconstruction following fire | Fox News 
This is the best Disney movie. 
Almost missed the sunset tonight!! It’s not Venice but a decent replica and makes me want to go back to the real Ve… 
Lower y'all ticket prices instead  
Claire sharing about her Disney Cruise!  #fcgrade3 #3O #gocrickets 
How much does Flint need to have clean water again? 
Disney joins efforts to help rebuild Notre Dame with $5 million donation - CNN 
Sen. Ted Cruz slammed for mocking Disney's $5 million pledge to help rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral… 
I honestly wonder how much the difference boils down to Notre Dame featuring in a Disney movie.  Amer… 
I mean if sora gets into smash good for him but it seems to be fucking impossible when disney is involved 
I’ve been on a mission to find a Disney conductor ear hat and I will find one 
It’s 2019.  I know Hollywood pretends to struggle with finding actors of color, but there’s no excuse for this,… 
Don’t forget “Disney Double Dare You” and that HAUNTED MANSION reboot he got Ryan Gosling to agree to. 
Even as an atheist I find that question offensive.This isn't the "Disney Dame" that's going to be rebuilt. 
Very true... long backstory here, but the crew and medical staff of Disney Fantasy was amazing... and yes, I did ha… 
Why are we whitewashing the dolls?! Hasn’t #Pocahontas been through enough?! Now you gotta bring… 
Ahh, now it's there. Gorgeous, like a Disney princess! 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: VTG 90's Disney Mighty Ducks Anaheim Ducks NHL.… 
Johnny Champion took his belt to disney world and I wish I was there to steal it and toss it into the epcot lake 
Are you listening Disney? Apple? WWJD! 
Disney/Lucasfilm donates $1.5 million to FIRST 
Oh nice!!!! Thanks for the reply! Hope to see you around Disney sometime! I owe you a couple beers! 
I want her  
Disney 2.0 
Check out this awesome TeamMould HausMart #sponsorship #disney 
Disney Channel 
It was fine enough but clearly a Disney cash grab. At least they’ve pumped the brakes a bit so as not to… 
Expecting wait times of 6 hours when it first opens. Will you be able to get Disney plus in Japan? 
And I oo- 
Also, these Forky shoes are real. Forky better be the best new Pixar character bc Disney's betting big on him. 
are you guys going to put all.your old T.v show on your services. #disney #disney+ 
Said to myself Descendants looks like a nice likkle movie, only to realize it’s a damn Disney sing a long  
fashion icons I Bought Old Disney Stars' Clothing Lines 
My main hair insecurities come from Disney movies and 
It is not a requirement to dress as a pirate, but it is a lot of fun.  Everyone gets a pirate bandana so if you don… 
#StarWars Legend Mark Hamill Says Disney Can't Fire Him For Trolling His Fans - 
How fans will make their own lightsabers at Disney’s Star Wars land - Polygon 
Add to that list of those who donate to save a building but not humanity.    $5M goes a long… 
Seriously Disney. People love this franchise. Just watch the viewcount for the new show on Disney Plus. 
These New Disney Princess Bikinis Will Let You Be the Belle of the Beach 
I believe that his comment was aimed at Disney not the cathedral.  
Box Office Scares or Prayers? ‘Curse of La Llorona’ Battles ‘Breakthrough’ on Easter Weekend… 
Whenever I was asked when checking a guest in what is there to do for kids here I wo… 
Orlando friends; anyone have a car our daughter &amp; (soon to be) son-in-law can borrow from May 18th through May 24th… 
sometimes I see my hometown friends and my denton friends interact and I feel like I’m in a Disney crossover episod… 
Nope the Disney Princesses are still in your where you stuffed them for fun. You know how you roll. 
I got: ROrder From Nando's And We'll Reveal Your Soulmate's First Initial 
Soooooo under rated 
I can thank watching the horrible Disney movie "Baby" &amp; running out of tortilla chips for that discovery  
"Ad:" Disney Ralph Breaks the Internet Comfy Princess Ariel Little Mermaid Fantasy Pin  F… 
it doesn’t matter if it’s a church it’s still a big part in france and… 
egirl da disney 
ur disgusting 
Not really interested since Disney is going to reboot the X-Men and make it way better anyway 
DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies 
It’s sad as hell, but it’s one of my favorite Disney movies 
My must do at Disney World is: walk in the front gate. Everything after that is just a bonus. 
Disney trying to reboot/remake their animated classics and adding way more content to the Star Wars universe than w… 
"Ad:" FANTASY PIN Alice In Wonderland Disney Jumbo Enamel Pin Cheshire Absolem LE50  Flyi… 
They’re called the tragic thrills now they rebranded to be less Disney 
sucks, they didn't help Puerto Rico, not Flint,  but are helping rebuild a religious building.Hey Disney… 
I also really hate the "look" of all the 3D disney princess movies I think they're going to be very d… 
There is NO way that can be even close to as good as the original.  The Lion King is the ultimate ac… 
Ohhh coool— what? I wanna go there so bad. I love Disney. What’d you do there? 
I don’t get why Family Guy being on Freeform is so weird for some people. It’s not Disney Channel. Fre… 
Never under estimate the mouse. In 50 years Disney will be their own country.  
Disney—Won’t release Song of the South for home viewing in the US.NBC—Not repeating th… 
Why 'A Goofy Movie' Is A Certified Disney Classic That Truly Deserves More Praise 
As much as many of us love KH I don’t think Sakurai wants Disney anywhere near his product 
Oh my gosh I’m the same way! Well... with the more classic Disney movies anyway. Anything after Toy… 
You are just an ASS! No Disney Princess’s at Notre Dame! It’s not just a church.. the cornonation  of Napo… 
Cramer: Netflix’s content will be enough to hang with Disney, streaming competitors #USA #US #USBiz 
Well, Ted, the concept of charity probably is foreign to you. I know you  can’t relate, but some, in this… 
Katie Stevens Opens Up About Her Not-So-Wholesome Bachelorette at Disney World 
Like the Disney movie or the original tale? I had a concept for it a while back that was basically a… 
Pokémon Go trainers are now being dressed by Disney Channel costume designers. 
Cramer: #netflix’s content will be enough to hang with Disney, streaming competitors 
Just a little free fashion advice:… 
#Disney  When you wish.... 
Seeing DisneyNature's Penguins in IMAX! Always see DisneyNature films at least once opening week to support the c… 
Disney announces live-actions Gremlins 3* 
Flint!!!?? 
omfg..you are an embarrassment to this generation 
Mish’s Daily: Will Disney’s Stock Gains Open a Stitch? $DIS $SMH $IYT $IBB $IWM charts &amp; more 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. – Walt Disney.Have a Happy and safe Easter lo… 
should be in the live remake of Aladdin, Rosanna… 
wIlL wE sEe dIsNeY pRiNcEsSeS iN tHe nEw sTaInEd gLaSs? 
Disney Express for Ted Cruz 
Few of my own notes:- Think #AvengersEndgame is $2 billion+- surprised #ToyStory4 isn't higher. (But if it's bad.… 
I just returned from a trip to Disney World with my wife and kids.   I need a vacation from my vacation now 
Netflix CEO Reed Hastings noted yesterday, "all players with high quality, differentiated content will benefit..."… 
Y Disney??????? 
Notre Dame Fire: Disney Pledges Financial Help 
ALAN MOORE - talks about Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko via Jack Kirby is th… 
Disney was great but I’m soooooooooo glad to be home!!! 
When Disney launches its new streaming service in November, consumers may have a tough choice. As they add more str… 
People thanking Disney for being "generous" even though Endgame is going to gross well over $1 billion. 
Even Disney knows this and that's why not everyone on every continent wi… 
“Jazz Loves Disney” ’16 Jamie Cullum  Ev'rybody Wants To Be A Cat | Produced, recorded &amp; mixed by Ben… 
i LOVE disney channel original movies. 
This is another regrettably stupid moment for you on Twitter, Ted. Disney has a huge park in France. This… 
"Ad:" Disney Pocahontas And John Smith Jumbo Fantasy Pin  FlyingTreasures 
Well, it’s Chinese. They’re not Disney. What are the odds you could scoot right up to the last show… 
clueless classless crudely corrupted-Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame - Hu… 
Check out this Amazon deal: Ultimate Gifts Best Gift Basket for Kids Teens Filled with Toys, Surprise Eggs, Blind B… 
Okay but why is there so many people on one song??? Are they trying to copy Disney with having all of them sing on… 
Yes, Disney made the Hunchback of Notre Dame film &amp; their gift is generous but it’s a real con… 
Hey Disney! Notre Dame really? What about those Black churches in LA? Give to their restoration yet? 
I don't think Disney acquired Fox News in that deal. 
The point i am making is that you can OPT OUT of spending money on Disney products, you CANNOT OPT OUT of taxes. 
Fox News Sucks Now. Thanks Disney 
Dog Disney owns everything 
Disney Frozen Fun on the Go Set - 
Now playing #BOYWITHLUV by feat Halsey on 
How does Discovery “pander to the SJW crowd”? For that matter, how does Disney? Is havi… 
You are stupid...if Disney princesses was meant to be a joke, it isn't funny. Notre Dame Cathedral is a shrine.....… 
Or, we could ask Trump for a donation so he could renege on his word as he has done so often. Or, he cou… 
"Ad:" Disney Rapunzel Tangled Pink Valentine Snuggly Duckling Rose Gold Fantasy Pin  Flyi… 
Fresh News Cramer: Netflix's content will be enough to hang with Disney, streaming competitors 
Can't you even get your Disney right? Stained glass window of Esmeralda or maybe the Hunchback of Notre Da… 
Never occured to him to say "TY"  After all, Disney supports Faux &amp; Faux Friends. 
It’s Cupcake Wars in our Food Safety and Nutrition classes. Students had to make and decorate cupcakes on the theme… 
Well, didn't Disney buy Fox about a month ago? 
Analyst Doubts Disney Plus, Other New OTT Services Will Push Netflix #Netflix #OTT 
Still, you are voluntarily giving Disney money. Taxes, you have zero choice.. 
are you still accepting and answering random questions? If so, are you a cat person or dog person? A… 
Disney + will explore new stories in Star Wars and Marvel series 
I mean, it's already been indicated that The Mandalorian isn't going to have all episodes on when… 
I remmeber when I was diagnosed with emotional instability almost 3 years ago and I later realized that’s also what… 
The fan bases of both Disney and Harry Potter alike are cults. Not a criticism per say, but a fact. Change my mind. 
I wonder how those people are going to act when Disney+ and the Apple streaming service experience… 
on the latest episode, you briefly referenced the Disney's America theme park that never happened.… 
Invicta Disney Limited Edition Men’s 44mm Chronograph Watch – Choice of Color 
disney has my heart and money  
I'm no conspiracy theorist but I really do believe he's doing this in the hopes that Disney wi… 
 on Disney+ Assembles Hawkeye, Loki and… WandaVision? Interview with Shazam!’s Michelle Borth - Heroes 
An underrated villain, tbh. Rats are scary AF 
Wait. Does this mean Mary will be a princess? Seems to be a demotion from Queen of Heaven. 
I like how he’s basically nerdy younger  Callaghan  
Went to AMC theatre today with husband, to See Disney Penguins and Hellboy, and came across this piece of merchandi… 
(stolen) which do i radiate?: soft, giggles, shy, sweet: cigarettes, alcohol, dark clothes: plants, books,… 
Here's The Disney Movie That's Just As Old As You Are 
Heading to DisneyLand? Check out these tips before you go, so you can take on the park like a pro!… 
Netflix reported first-quarter financial results Tuesday afternoon. The company now has nearly 150 million global s… 
Peter cotton tail? That’s another Easter bunny movie 
Trivia Night at Morty's Cafe is TONIGHT!!!Come ready to answer tricky trivia questions. You'll leave knowing more… 
Something Disney did I can agree with.  Nicely done 
**Edit** $30B not $3B 
This analyst's quote feels like it's from 2012 - "Netflix is “essentially a Blockbuster store in the cloud with a m… 
Disney has pledged $5 million to help rebuild the Notre-Dame Cathedral. But they insist on adding a Big Thunder Mountain Altar. 
Like literally this doesn't mean a lot to me. Again, I'm super impressed by its age and that's amazing… 
I've returned home from Disney World. Games will be resumed tomorrow most likely, if not Friday. 
I love Mel ahah! Given the ending I highly doubt we’ll see him again tho 
How do I become an Avenger so Disney will send me to Shanghai Disneyland? Is there a signup list or something? 
NEW VIDEO:Phineas &amp; Ferb Disney+ movie 
Hey and you really ought to take a moment to… 
If course it is. "I think I'm going to have a heart attack and die from that surprise!" Iago from Disney's  'Aladi… 
Hello #Disney and can Louisiana Historically Black Churches get a few Disney dollars First… 
Or a dog 
Movie Review- Banjo (1947) via We discuss another movie from the Disney vault 
Minnesota HGTV star (and hardcore #Disney addict) David Bromstad hit jackpot with 'My Lottery Dream Home'… 
Disney Movie Rewards Marvel Studios The First Ten Years Emoji Pin Set #3  ( 7 Bids )  
A Series of Unfortunate Events 
***Huge Disneyland News*** Disneyland has an all new Halloween party this year! Oogie Boogie Bash - A Disney Hallow… 
Anyone on #twitchsings want to do any duets later? I can learn any disney song or slower song that's not to high  
See ya real soon  #disney2k19 Disney World, Orlando, Florida 
Sister Hazel Epcot - Walt Disney World 
You look great and comfortable that's the way to do it . Enjoy Disney world  
Disney Is Selling Taco Cones, And It's Literally The Only Way You'll Ever Want To Eat A Taco Again 
well since all these new project announcement I am determined to live to be 100 to at least see how t… 
Yeah thanks for explaining the joke, Peter. You really do not think highly of your audience, do you?… 
Lol! Should be a photo of Congress not Disney 
$70 Disney Store Gift Card 
A11. I love this one! so creative and fun plus its in Italy which is one of my favorite places in… 
Fox Sports regional is no longer linked to FS1/2. Disney is the new FSN owner but it’… 
I walk into an animal shelter and I see this thing??? I ask them to put ME down #LiloAndStitch #disney #whatisthis 
Discussing Disney princesses is a great way to thinly disguise your racial preferences... 
Sister Hazel officialepcotcenter Epcot - Walt Disney World 
Ok this trailer makes it actually look tight? Maybe reshoots helped. My guess is jean kills everybody so Disney can… 
I’m so happy so many people are donating to rebuild this beautiful building #RebuildNotreDame 
I got &lt;i&gt;The Nightmare Before Christmas&lt;/i&gt;!!Here's The Disney Movie That's Just As Old As You Are 
Yeah true haha! 
Hey  "How I met your Mother" will be available at Disney +?Please, say Yes 
Why would you diss Disney for making a $5 million dollar contribution to rebuild Notre Dame? As a member… 
Do this?? 
Nice :D! I don’t think I’m too much like Eric ahah. I can see you as Joel. 
U know I never do this... but seriously why is everyone so pissed that Disney is donating $? They made a movie usin… 
Honestly, I don't know. For the most part, I would love to see the HD remake of animated Disney mov… 
 purrrrrincess: Happy Tuesday! Here’s today’s daily Disney gif! Atlantis: The Lost Empire - June 3,... 
I know Disney owning every franchise under the sun is bad, but I really hope that maybe, someday, we can have a ful… 
I can't wait to see and on American Idol during Disney Night,I can't wait for their duet 
just thinking of the time we were at disney world and my brother had an asthma attack while we were swimming &amp; we h… 
Sometime you are just a jerk. How about saying way to go Disney! 
Also I can’t wait to get my little dude his first Disney ornament next week  my mom use to get me one every time I competed in Disney 
I’ve never been on a cruise! But I’d love to do a Disney one!… 
It's very "our release date has been bumped several times, and we can't bring ourselves to just quietl… 
I got "Eric"!Answer These "Santa Clarita Diet" Questions And We'll Tell You Which Character You Are… 
I think it will be the best addition to Star Wars is the Disney era 
i’m going to get a disney pass 
I got "You got 10 out of 15 right!"!If You Recognize 12/15 Of These People, You're Truly A Gen Z'er… 
Imagine if pledged $5M to rebuild the 3 black churches burned in the US. Or fix Flint’s water. Or any of th… 
I’ll have to watch it now!  I’m a 42 yr old huge Harry Potter nerd...supposed to go to Disney in December… 
It's also a month until my birthday which I'm spending at DISNEY 
Sorry, I'm just having a mental break down about how bad I want to be a character in Disney 
Who owns Disney now? 
Ted Williams? Walt Disney? #disney #cryonics 
"Notre-Dame is a beacon of hope and beauty that has defined the heart of Paris and the soul of France for centuries… 
When you ask a toddler if he wants to go Disney land 
Want to be just like #Ariel? Enroll in #MermaidSchool! Follow this link to learn more: 
I got "You got 5 out of 7 right!"!Only True "Riverdale" Fans Remember Which Characters Said These Lines… 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame Cruz being ta… 
CinemaCon Winners and Losers: Disney, Delusion, and the Might of Millennials - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Went Shopping At the Mall in Roseville bought a new Disney doll and Made Eeevee at Build a bear workshop, Time for… 
Someone just asked me what my favorite Disney movies were and I can't BELIEVE I forgot about Great Mouse Detective. 
Hey Tulsi, life and Geo-Politics are not Walt Disney productions, clearly you are NOT ready for prime time. 
Peoples Unveils Exclusive Enchanted Disney Fine Jewelry Designs Inspired By Disney’s Live-Action Aladdin 
Robin Williams only made $75,000 for voicing the Genie in Aladdin. After grossing over $200 million, Disney sent him a Picasso painting. 
Today was a big day as the debuted an array of experiences, murals and interactive ar… 
Yeah just like Disney fired James Gunn for being "problematic"You act like Disney is so… 
Mish’s Daily: Will Disney’s Stock Gains Open a Stitch? $DIS $SMH $IYT $IBB $IWM charts and more… 
What a nasty comment to make after an American company made a donation to one of our allies after a tragic… 
so much for buying that streaming service subscription... 
I wake up at 7 AM on Sundays, and even then I need to spend 15… 
Come on, Disney. We know you started the fire as a PR stunt for th live action remake of The Hunchback!#conspiracytheory 
Haha everything Disney 
Forever the most exciting character meet! #minnieforever #dcl #disneyfantasy Disney Cruise Ship Fantasy 
A2. disney vacation club! would love either one. do they have any available in Italy?#WDWwednesday #AdventuresByDisney 
Disney's Hollywood Studios #photography #blackandwhite #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
It’s still ABSOLUTELY INSANE that Disney and/or Marvel tried to cut the best part of Age of Ultron to force Joss to… 
Disney Donating $5 Million to Rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral via 
I’m finally able to watch ‘s Disney Vlogs and oh man does it give me Disney and baby fever I’m so ready to go back to Disney! 
A1. its on my bucket list! love anything that is disney related really! #WDWwednesday #AdventuresByDisney 
If you’re gonna recommend a horror to me can you take me seriously pls. I feel like I’ve been watching Disney movies  
He got Dickey Do Disease ... His nose sticks out further than his Dickey Do... he hates lif… 
Proud to be a partner with the Walt Disney Company, who announced they will be donating $5 million to the restorati… 
Disney princesses my ass. This is merely a political move. 
Older people who are obsessed with Disney scare me lol 
Dreamworks. Never liked Disney 
As we enter the home stretch of our cancer fundraiser I wanted to thank Shane, Ted and the entire team at… 
has The Little Mermaid dedicated to him because he isn’t afraid to love it as a Disney movie and I am Ursula 
Aww, is Rafael upset and tweeting ridiculous statements because he wanted to be a Disney princess and neve… 
Get your last minute tickets for Presents #DaretoDream at Verizon Arena THIS WEEKEND, April 18 - 21! T… 
I commented that it was the stamping collection of Monica's group, the… 
I’ve argued a lot lately that Disney refuses to take risks with their movies and shows, but they cast both Bill Bur… 
How dare u put pocahontas down at the bottom! Justin are u cultured for Disney! Lol. How dare u mess Disney up smh 
Disney streaming service to include Be Our Chef, a cooking competition hosted by Angela Kinsey… 
- Thats nice that u pledged $5M 2 rebuild Notre Dame - BUT - what abt Flint MI &amp; all the children exposed 2… 
'Knights Of The Old Republic' Project In Development #KnightsOfTheOldRepublic #Disney #Lucasfilm #StarWars… 
Guys it'll be cheaper if you get Disney plus and Hulu together ($11+ a month) rather then pay $16+ for Netflix ever… 
Ok good 
Disney's Tangled The Series x Marvel's Guardian Of The Galaxy! 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame 
I mean SPIDERVERSE is the most interesting animated film that came out of a major studio in recent… 
You can't "rebuild" history, a**holes.What's done is done. 
Something something Disney paid shills something something 
I only wish Star Wars could still bring me this much joy. SJW Disney has ruined it. 
Me at Disney world even tho last time I was there was one of the shittiest theme park experiences of my life sfsffs 
Hey how about those black churches we have in our own country that burned? Think we will see some money for them? 
Disney+ is going to be so fantastic! 
But also we get it — you’ll cry over a church you’ve… 
Disney is just trying to hide Walt's anti-Semitic history. 
this is cool #IronMan #SpiderMan #Hulk #BlackPanther #Thor #CaptainAmerica #StarLord #Gamora #Drax #Mantis… 
Disney's service is also almost half the price, and will have some of the shows and movies that were ex… 
You sir, are a disgrace to Christians everywhere. You are probably mad that a Disney family member made th… 
Through the power of the Infinity Stones, Disney will indeed own everything with the snap of its finger… 
All time fave  Prince Abubu 
Disney Commits $5 Million to Rebuild Notre-Dame Cathedral Following Fire 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame 
21st Century Fox and all of its properties, both movie and tv, are now owned buy Disney. The Simpsons are now Disney.  
It could be the Disney 
howwww? He is one of the cutest Disney characters  
T-9 days until #AvengersEndgame 40 seats invested in Rows G and H in their entirety!! Im watching it twice during o… 
Send a Disney collectible fan this adorable girl dressed as Disney’s Queen from Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs, an… 
i swear it's always the disney guys LMAO 
‘Netflix Killers’? Why Netflix May Actually Benefit From Disney+ and Other Streaming Entrants… 
It's nice that people are asking about it to keep Kotor visible, but I'm sure the creatives Disney has… 
Nearly one week later, I still can't believe Jeff Goldblum and Forky were given their own Disney+ shows, but the Grandmaster was not. 
Now Available!Episode 2 | The Economics of Popcorn BucketsDirect: popcorn bucket… 
Will highly anticipated streaming service include past season's of  #AmericanIdol 
Can’t believe I had to scroll down so far to find the GOAT 
Disney Pledges Millions To Notre Dame Repairs 
#DCUniverse subscriptions suck! #WarnerBros is losing money! With th… 
Actually given the state of some of Disney's current movie franchises I'd say he's exactly like Brian F… 
New Oogie Boogie Bash Halloween Party Coming to Disney California Adventure Park 
I live next to Disney, the porgs are the only thing 
Cheaper Hotel Options Near Disney World To Save You Some Money | Off Dis... via 
New Oogie Boogie Bash – A Disney Halloween Party Coming to Disney California Adventure Park, Tickets on Sale Beginn… 
Let me translate this tweet for the liberals. “Disney is donating $5 million for renovation! This is fanta… 
I liked porn twitter ted better than Disney ted. 
yo listen marvel assholes CAPTAIN AMERICA CAN BE PLAYED  BY ANOTHER PERSON SO CAPTAIN MARVEL OR GAM… 
Has Disney stopped advertising on Fox?  They could donate even MORE to help Notre Dame by saving that money. 
Awesome Thank you Disney. Where is your donation Cruz? 
Pitting women against women, even this they both worked there ass off to ge… 
"I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter" - Walt Disney 
You mean we have to wait that long for it to come out . 
HACEN CAMP ROCK EN DISNEY CHANNEL. REPITO. CAMP ROCK EN DISNEY CHANNEL. 
Some great pics that we hadn’t seen before: #disneyworld #waltdisneyworld #magickingdom 
I just wanna be proposed to at Disney &amp; she got ASKED OUT there!? Are my standards too low?? Should I go for Paris… 
It’s such a good year for animation and movies The lion king, Steven universe movie, all the reboots in movie form… 
How much did pledge to help Puerto Rico? America First, right? I mean, Notre Dame is… 
Unpopular opinion, if Disney tries to steal Anastasia I’m gonna be genuinely MAD. It’s literally perfect as is don’… 
Apparently dolphins rape seals.... Fuck you Disney... You lied to me.. It's not all cupcakes and rainbows... 
Outlets are saying all of DC streaming might be at risk. Disney+ has scared them. Think about all the DC/C… 
While I agree 100% that there are many causes to donate to besides this one (I'm all in favor of rebuild this… 
Walt Disney and Badoo join companies pledging money to rebuild Notre-Dame 
SHE ASKED THEM TO TELL US NOT TO ASK ABOUT DISNEY AND GMW PLSLSLSL 
is owned by Disney. Mickey Mouse house news for the smartest in America? Deception...#TheyLive 
Hey everyone! Head over to the Facebook page, or the YouTube channel to check out my newest video where I am doing… 
My self-care when dealing with depressive episodes is drinking an entire bottle of wine and watching Disney movies… 
Lake Disney #DisneyVillage #DisneylandParis 
The hunchback Of Notre Dame Hellfire English (Disney) via 
Did Disney donate to Flint? They made several movies about American cars probably produced in Michigan. Im just saying 
We stan Twi’leks in this house! I’m so happy I can add her to my ever growing collection now!! #starwars… 
BREAKING: Kevin Feige confirms “UnderDog/Cosmo the Spacedog” show in the works for Disney+ 
Dress like a Disney… 
Flying with Dumbo. disneymagickingdoms #familytime #wheredreamscometrue Disney's Magic Kingdom 
R-Rated Deadpool Won’t Change Under Disney’s Rule Says Marvel Boss 
$NFLX $DIS $AAPL $T:How Disney’s New Streaming Service Could Help, Not Hurt, 
Fr tho captain marvel was a horribly timed movie. If Marvel (Disney) needed a strong female led movie, they should'… 
It's Wait for it... Wednesday and we made BIG promises...Today's give away are 5 sets of 4 ticket vouchers to Disn… 
Your lack of etiquette is showing. Why would u rip on Disney for such a substantial contribution unless yo… 
Star Wars virtual reality at the Void in Disney World and Disneyland of the Empire… 
Almost in the home stretch on our Disney challenge. Two tantrums and a nap for the kids (all the same ki… 
Fresh News How Disney's New Streaming Service Could Help, Not Hurt, Netflix 
Yup. That's what I've been saying for awhile now. It's what Disney+ is doing with Hulu an… 
On the condition Mickey Mouse appears instead of a new spire.#Disney 
going to Disney and talking to you and cat on the discord for first time 
"Disneyland will never be completed. It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world." - Walt Disney 
An anime ad for the Tokyo Disney Resort I randomly found on Youtube.. IM NOt CCRyiNG NOT AT 
You don't need to go to disney for fresh dole whip mmmmm 
Ted wishes he was a Disney Princess 
Disney isn't a single entity, it's comprise… 
Ted Cruz Gets Burned For Tasteless Disney Princess Tweet About Notre Dame: The GOP senator's #liberal #progressive 
Oh, gotcha! On the cave tour? I remember being told the stories about the naming of the mountain. Th… 
You got a problem with Disney donating to the project? Stop with the resentment and write a big fat check… 
Check out Disney Princess Ariel Little Mermaid Women's Size M T-Shirt Short Sleeve  #DisneyStore via 
Thanks Disney,future stain glass should rep the planet 
It’s like if Rosie the Riveter, Willy Wonka, Salvador Dali, and Walt Disney all got together to build a funhouse. 
Not a chance.  Disney's not gonna do anything that could have drastic implications for one of thei… 
There are some of mine in your list as well! Miss Bianca &amp; Bernard, they roam Tokyo… 
It’s nice... but other European companies are donating nearly 20% more AND #BobIger’s BONU… 
Only if we had Disney money 
You know what? Yeah I'm pissed off about what Disney did with Star Wars. But I don't sit here bitching about it all… 
If you should happen to be passing through, visit the state capital. Located in the rotunda are bust… 
This is dumb.. 
Layoffs Hit TV Ad Sales Forces Of Disney-Owned Former Fox Division via 
What do you have against Catholicism and Disney, Ted? 
Talking Disney Ep 17: The BlackCauldron on youtube #Disney #animation #talkingDisney #blackcauldron 
David Attenborough: here's how global warming is already affecting wildlife the world over. Sea ice and rainforests… 
'Disney Storied Places' Comic Book Anthology Explores The Magical Kingdoms This Fall via 
I'm watching Disney's Hunchback of Notre Dame. It hurts seeing the inside of the cathedral and know… 
an american classic 
Lenovo FCC Filing Suggests Marvel-Themed Disney AR Headset Coming 
I f*cking hope not!  Disney should donate to rebuild the three churches burned by an arsonist in Louisiana! 
So proud to be a mentor and a #ForceForChange with the robotics team. Thank you Disney and Sta… 
SANCTUARY  
Whether you have been wanting to visit Disney’s Aulani Resort &amp; Spa, or just looking for a dream getaway to a Disne… 
$AAPL $DIS:Disney Shows Apple How It’s Done With a Detail-Laden Product 
it’s a great gesture to pledge $5M to help rebuild a church in France, although… 
Please consider using my free disney planning services  
Planning a trip to Disney this summer? You can't have a trip without some iconic Mickey Mouse ears.... I think the… 
Disney moves to take $7 out of your wallet each - B. 
Disney to donate $5 million towards Notre Dame Cathedral reconstruction 
Fresh News Disney Shows Apple How It&amp;amp;apos;s Done With a Detail-Laden Product Reveal 
Will the Princess have a cleverly hidden [redated] in the new domed glass? Well, it is… 
“Time of Your Life” from #ABugsLife is #NowPlaying on ! Listen on any device at 
Your friendly reminder to drop a  for #BoyWithLuv by feat Halsey on today!… 
Walt Disney Word 
For me, it's childhood stuff. I also like kids movies, but the latest Pixar movies and Disney movi… 
Our Tokyo Disney merchandise haul has nearly reached a thousand views. How and when did that happen?! So cool! I wi… 
Me too!! We just got home from Disney World.  
We're still up in the air on Disney (what day are you going?) But we're doing… 
We're live right now!ON AIR - APR 17- Uber &amp; Lyft IPOs, Disney Plus, Verizon 5G, and more... via 
Reports of its demise are based on unrealistic, Mickey Mouse projections for Disney  $DIS… 
If anything, I'd argue that Warner will treat DCU like Disney+ is treating Hulu. They'll just fold it under as an e… 
With the #Disney and #Fox merger official, I wanted to take a look at some of the most influential #20thCenturyFox… 
disney world in 1 week, kentucky derby in 2 weeks 
Crash Bandicoot, Tekken 3, Dragon Ball Final Bout, Disney's Tarzan. 
Exciting #DisneyChannelFanFest news! You can play LIVE versions of #DisneyQUIZney with host and part… 
Disney date scheduled  
Groove is in the HeartMy SharonaI like big buttsMC Hammer's 2 hitsBeastie BoysBasically Jock JamsAll things Disney 
How much of a tax break will Disney get for this kind of very public donation? Will the resulting med… 
to na disney dms 
Disney Staff of Heroes Debuts Modern Experiences at Texas Youngsters’s Hospital 
is that noah centipede? he was on disney or something? 
Anything. Disneyland is iconic. Disney world is big. Your choice 
Tim Burton has built his career around an iconic visual aesthetic. Here’s how it evolved. 
I am so deeply curious at how that happened. Did you sell it to them directly? Did they acquire some w… 
SCIENCE: we have restored small levels of activity to dead pig brains. This is extremely preliminary, we don’t full… 
I’m so glad the Disney acquisition is ending this franchise. This looks as bad as X-Men 3. 
They gonna dump the rump anitronic? 
Walt Disney pledges $5M for work on 
Reloading #210 – Disney+ nos consoles, Star Wars: Fallen Order, Forza Street | RELOADING - Atualize-se, gamer! 
You're never too old for #Disney! Heritage Waukesha residents celebrated #DisneyDay last week with a full day of si… 
That money was raised with small donations,… 
They "were" making a boba fett movie.......They "were" making an Obi Wan movie. Disne… 
Fresh News Notre Dame fire: Disney pledges $5M to help rebuild the &amp;amp;apos;Hunchback&amp;amp;apos;s home 
Remember the #DisneyStore from the #80s and #90s! Catch a wave of the #1990s #feels before #throwbackthursday as I… 
A futile hope that I can't help but make is that sometime in the future the feds finally bust Disney u… 
Soon, we’ll take our first step into a larger world. #GalaxysEdge #August29 #HollywoodStudios 
Hahahahaha theres no time for such... This isnt cartnoon network / Disney channel. 
Hey, Beyonce' fans. Send some love to Beyonce' has rock… 
Follow the Mickey Ear road••••#MickeyEars #WaltDisneyWorld #AnimalKingdom #Disney #Custodial #LeafArt… 
They should have insurance or you can donate since you’re talking about it. 
If anything, if the DC Universe gets rolling into this much larger OTT platform, this will clearly add… 
And thanks to your class I'm making money from Disney lol 
What do you think of this ScreenRant article saying how this latest trailer is more in line with how… 
Once upon a time I would relish this idea but at this point I don't want Disney ruining any more of Star W… 
I understand but it was one line of consideration. That's very far from a new game or movi… 
do you think Disney will release Mandalorian on dvd? 
It’s not Disney, but Our Planet on Netflix is pure Attenborough awesomeness. 
Right. It’s like Disney putting their conten… 
Disney not even contributing enough to get a memorial brick heh 
My information is that the other studios are in the works to pull their content from it and pr… 
Walt Disney Company pledges $5 million to rebuild Notre Dame 
Can y'all imagine the difference this would've made if rich people/companies donated to causes that actually really matter 
Or if Palpatine's essence is imbued in something he owned or in a location he frequented and taint… 
disney is over. like there’s people dying because they have no food home or clean water and they… 
I’m so happy Disney Channel is airing great cartoons again! 
Anyone worried about the corporate interests donating money for the cathedral? The Disney Narthex. Apple Nave.… 
1987 Retro Easter Egg Decorating Kit:— Disney’s Adventures of the Gummi Bears 
oh but they can’t pay their employees 
and Siria?? Ridiculous 
I mean I like watching a good Disney movie once in a while but y’all can’t we wearing mercy at 50 
#Lularoe #Disney  This is a DON’T want to miss event!! 8CST/9EST 
Now I wanna see it. The preview gave me all the feels just like the Pooh Bear movie but I was just s… 
#CastCompliment Carlos from PR at the Lightning McQueen merchandise cart made our day by chatting with us… 
Can Disney afford such amount? 
Well, there was the fire in Paris. the Disney money was diverted. Surely fundraising was included in the business… 
I really want her to have a Disney + series first! Would love to see her exploring alt… 
I mean, that's probably healthy for them and all, but anytime Disney wins, we lose. 
The Mandalorian. 12 Novembre (USA) sur Disney +. 
Disney Nature's PENGUINS Has Very Family-Centric Messages! 
Individual people are donating upwards of $200M each, and all Disney can seem to scrape out is $5M? What the actual fuck. 
I hope "Endgame" lives up to its name and at the end, all of Disney is sucked into the void, and copyright is finally set free. 
Unlike Ted, I don’t care if they give. My deal would be, when is the last time Disney donated 5 million to… 
One of the first events in a while that I totally stopped everything to look to see if could get vacation days, fli… 
Everyone listens to the Weeknd and everyone is sarcastic. I also kill more parents than Walt Disney. 
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic Being Considered at Lucasfilm #Disney… 
You’ve watched these shows but haven’t seen any of the Disney princess movies  
Only like half of the MCU movies needed to even be good for this plan to work perfectly. I would admire it if Disne… 
now it's film related:Disney Donating $5 Million to Rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral via 
You know Disney would be making them off brand ass shoes plus I’m tryna see this happen like TOMORROW! 
These sound more interesting than I expected them to be. 'Toy Story 4' is getting two spinoffs for Disney+… 
Grey's Anatomy is gonna be on Disney+, I need that membership. 
Evaluate and Meals Images: Room Service Eating at Disney’s Wilderness Lodge Resort 
Ok ty. So he's been employed as a commentator for a Disney RSN? 
I can recommend some really bad movies if I need to prove it 
I think a more interesting thing that's come out of it is how Twitter has r… 
Not in my house!!!!   Disney Officially Renames Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope 
I don’t agree. Disney has a rep for making things snarky and cheesy nowadays. I don’t want that for the… 
Meh, seen worse movies, only die hard SW fans are just spoiled 
Disney World Timeshare Rental 1 Bedroom May 12-19 
Hi Greg! Could I get your opinion on DIS? I was looking at it prior to the Disney+ announcement, the… 
Well Marvel (Disney) owns them now. I’m sure they’ll fix up the mess Fox made 
What is your favorite Disney animation? #SabrinaCarpenterResponde 
Save up to 25% at select Walt Disney World Resort Hotels: 
$DIS $AAPL:Netflix isn’t concerned about lower prices as Disney streaming starts, except in one huge 
walt whitman was not involved in inventing disney 
Just when I think I've gotten my Disneyland, Walt Disney World, and non-Disney Theme Park galleries updated, I find… 
Disney donating $5 million to help rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral 
Check out the new #Disney sky liner! Look how fast it is! 
that last scene is some EPIC Disney Foreshadowing.. 
"Aladdin 2: The Return of Jafar" was Disney's first direct-to-video sequel.  It became one of the top 15 best selli… 
Disney Is Selling Taco Cones, So Looks Like We're Heading To Florida Soon 
It’s really sad that the first thing I thought of with this specific Disney contribution was:“Oh. T… 
#Craving #Indian #Food!! A client and visitor #favorite - Yak and Yeti!! 
This is pretty awesome of 
It's hard to find any artist/band without controversy or skeletons on their closet. Eve… 
#Trump has only made you more of an #Undesirable. But, given what they've earned from… 
I wanna go to Disney world I’ve never been 
Good riddance Jennifer Lawrence you was the worst Mystique. rebecca romijn was always the best mystique… 
Fresh News Walt Disney and Badoo join companies pledging money to rebuild Notre-Dame 
You mean Disney news "anal"yst? Their really running crazy, Disney is monopolizing everything,, becaus… 
Eu &lt;3 Playlist Princess Magical Run Disney por Deezer Partnerships BR 
All Disney’s villains are gay. Lol 
"Ad:" Disney Fantasy Pin Beauty And The Beast - Belle Stained Glass Beauties LE 70  Flyin… 
The MCU AND THE Avengers films have been a cash cow for Disney and Marvel. I can’t… 
"Ad:" Disney Fox and the Hound Tod Fantasy Pin Rare Mini Cute Hard To Find  FlyingTreasur… 
Notre Dame Official: ‘Remember That time....’Disney: ‘Ffs’ 
Disney Channel Announces Celeb Hosts For Season Three of 'Disney QUIZney' Olivia Sanabia, Issac Ryan Brown and Me… 
How much has pledged to Puerto Rico? can you weigh in… 
i’m on my way to meet you at radio disney and i’m so nervous spare advice on how to calm down #SabrinaCarpenterResponde 
Disney has money for foreigners boycott Disney 
Did you hear that #Disney’s Grand Floridian is getting a Beauty &amp; the Beast themed #bar? has all the det… 
I'm in the process of planning a trip to Disney World and I'm geeking so hard on seeing the new Star Wars: Galaxy's… 
THE FASTEST EASIEST WAY TO SAVE MONEY AT DISNEY IS NOT TO GO. DUH. BIGGEST RIP OFF ON THE PLANET. 
Time for another this or that: Which live-action #Disney film are you more excited about ... #Aladdin or #TheLionKing? 
Disney is trying to get favor in the public eye, since the global pedo ring has been busted open. #Assange 
Disney is already Studio Ghibli's partner for US distribution... So there is hope there for a deal 
Looks like Marlin found Nemo in this enchanting whistling seagrass 
WarnerMedia Launching It's Own Streaming Service By The End of 2019 To Compete With Netflix and Disney+ - Will Incl… 
Disneynature's Penguins comes to theaters today and it's adorable. My review: 
Favorite Disney Domesticated Cat: Lucifer from CinderellaFavourite Disney Wildcat: Shere Khan from Jungle Book 
What?! Disney is donating to Flint?? Oh no shoot I read that wrong...of course! 
What the hell Twitter? I respond to completly inappropriate mocking of donation to the recover… 
How long is the longest ride? I bet PeopleMovie, Liberty Belle, etc are longer. Already have longer t… 
He would want little Disney boys. 
Enjoyed spending time with HGTV star David Bromstad. He may be the world's biggest Disney fan! 
Favorite Disney Horse: thicc boi Angus from Brave Close second: Phillipe from Beauty and the Beast 
Me canceling Netflix for Disney+ 
Sad to say it but I don't trust Disney Kathleen or the "female directors" to know how to not fuck it… 
The Catholic Church has a value over $3B they are fine. But hey the Greater Union Ba… 
Yes I am driving for Disney Springs now hopefully we can meet again it will awesomeness!! Blessings!! 
When I worked at Disney the people who were visiting for the first time probably thought I was psycho. “OHMYGOSH IT… 
$DIS:Nexon bids coming due, and founder reportedly taps Disney 
$DIS $FOX:Disney auction of Fox sports networks fetching bids upwards of $10 
New up on the podcast is our latest episode of Talking Disney where and I talk all about the box off… 
Disney+: A Comprehensive Guide to All Its Programming (So Far) 
Can all the promos be done while riding the pirate ride at Disney World? 
I know it's late, but here's a little something in honor of Disney's recent acquisition. 
SFV is the only Capcom game at EVO this yearSFV hasn't had new characters or important reveals sinc… 
I don't see CBS AA and NBCU being in this long-term. Disney+ is all-in and that library they picked u… 
oh my GOD  I put on this disney playlist while I work and high school musical Breaking Free came on and I absolutely LOST it 
I’ve heard so many people say “I’m not a Star Wars fan so when I go to Disney World, I won’t be going to it’s new l… 
Soo cool! 
Love the Nemo pool at Disney's Art of Animation Resort! So many great memories there! #WaltDisneyWorld… 
Hey why haven’t you had play a singing character in a movie? Just wondering because it would… 
Happy birffday to one of my best friends in the world, while he’s out having fun at Disney World I’m stuck at work  
Ya'll might turn into Mini and Mickey if you keep going to Disney  
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -- Walt DisneyJust do the next thing and the result… 
Episode 28 is out!  Make Way for some awesome discussion with Daniel Guizar about what is to come in the Moana even… 
Chorizo Breakfast Tacos won the Trivia bonus pot last night for their knowledge of The West Wing tv series. Not Nin… 
Russell Wilson got Ciara making Disney music  
The Disney movie Dumbo was inspired by AOC 
Podcast | Is It Worth Subscribing to Disney's New Streaming Service? #emarketer #bhivenectar #bhivelabs #bhive… 
Not to mention it sounded so Disney-like 
DIS is trading at $132.21 right now! I've been tracking the stock for over five years now--and I've never s… 
Can't wait to go to Disney and make one of these... eventually.  Hopefully the attendance will go down a year or so… 
If my daughter did that and got expelled we would be going to Disney or maybe the Bahamas. Her choice! 
Calls of the day: Disney, Autodesk, Murphy Oil &amp; more   #CNBC On April 12, 
Disney vs Bitcoin 10 Year ReturnDisney 10 year return:2009 to 2019 - 760% returnBitcoin 10 year return: 2009… 
If Disney bought it... 
Disney won't be able to do what Netflix does (re: actual global programming for a global audience), b… 
 maybe you have another few million to really help those who need it and haven’t already gotten hundreds of… 
En Disney van a dar Hannah Montana a las 14:00  
Homework: everyone’s Grid is due to Canvas tonight before 11:59:00pm. Then everyone’s #Disney Texts in Conversation… 
Along with so many different tv shows from other networks. People aren’t going to get… 
And people wonder why Disney doesn't respect the franchise. 
Honestly I think Disney did all this on purpose. Making solo a fake last name — it’s almost as if th… 
Look. I hear you! If you search far enough back in my Twitter history, you’ll see I was the only one s… 
Predictions from 
Yes! Like Huck, Ted's goofs exist in a world beyond humanity. They operate on a special plane of bol… 
It'll be really cool if at the end of the year Disney releases a Blu-Ray box set with all 22 #MCU films titled… 
New Oogie Boogie Bash Halloween Occasion Coming to Disney California Journey Park 
Before people ask, tickets go on sale 23rd of April for AP, DVC And Disney Visa cardholders, 30th… 
Anastasia is by far my least fav Disney princess 
YAS DISNEY BBS 
THREE HOURS!  I love Disney, but that's excessive. 
Marvel’s Kevin Feige Says Disney Won’t Be Changing Deadpool 
I swear to fucking god if this goes to that Disney+ bullshit 
 DOMI HOM PEN NAME  IF DISNEY HAD A LEGAL FOR CREative artists creators.TAP SCROLL 
I mean, I know the answer is money, but also when it was conceived why not just more fina… 
Will Smith’s Favorite Genie Meme Is A Cursed Sight To Behold - DISNEYWill Smith is a corny dad, but he’s also Wit… 
Still don’t know how I feel about the live action Disney films :/ Understand how they make sense from a financial p… 
"Ad:" Ravensburger Disney Villainous Strategy Board Game for Age 10 and Up - 2019 TOTY  F… 
God Disney has Avengers: Endgame, Spider-Man: Far from Home, the live action Lion King (plus Aladdin), and Toy Stor… 
let down so many fans so badly along with employer who ignore real issues.… 
And this fall Disney Plus. 
Another reason I LOVE Disney and my kiddos have stock in the COMPANY 
You people at Disney literally ruin everything you fucking touch, from Marvel to starwars and now Netflix and apple… 
Disney says he’s a crab, but I think he looks more like a lobster  
JASreacts #8: Toy Story 4YouTube: 
There is a larger AT&amp;T/WarnerMedia streaming service being packaged up to compete with… 
Disney+ headed to PS4, Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch. 
This is a great article! Also....my picture is in it Walt Disney World's 6 NEW Iconic Instagram Walls… 
Ready, break! We're kicking our feet up in today's article and discussing our favorite in park spots to recharge.… 
when we went to Tokyo DisneySea it was very fun to get a map because the layout isnt anything like any disney park anywhere 
Netflix has all of their originals which are very well done and a ton of non Disney stuff 
Netflix Weathers Disney's Big Streaming Reveal, But Forecasts Slower Growth via 
Disney donating $5 million to help rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral #KMOV 
Fen the Disney Princess, final image plus some close ups. I had a lot of fun drawing this! I don't normally do Disn… 
It shouldn't, but it does. Corporations lik… 
What a surprise!  They’re starring stuff and they realize the whole thing sucks and they cut it o… 
Me too, but I’ve see the Disney Hunchback movie several times so that’s the same thing 
The Disney globalist mecca needs to be removed. 
Everything you tweet just further convinces me that you’re actually a Disney princess 
...thu RnR was not part of opening day. Aerosmith was an older classic 70s rock group w… 
Yeah, I'm blaming this one on Disney flexing their nuts. 
Shego - Kim Possible. .Cosplayer: tifftoaster ..: vessmess35 ..#cosplay #shego #kimpossible #kp #drakken… 
There are plenty of places to save while planning at vacation. Here's where I think you should spl… 
Probably scenes from the Disney animated movie 'The Hunchback of Notre Dame' 
If you read the article you would find out. April 23rd for DVC, APs and Disney Visa card hold… 
I miss a lot of work for Disney....   
Damn it... Yen Sid is just Disney backwards... 
Regarding corporations, Apple won't tell, but Disney offered $5 million. 
Walt Disney is turning over in his grave  
#ClayneCrawford was stunning as  Riggs, Damon lied on Twitter &amp; as employer just ignored… 
Sometimes you just have to eat chocolate caramel bunnies and crank some Disney movie music to get through the work day. 
Walt Disney Company pledges $5 million to help rebuild Notre Dame Cathedral 
That’s awesome! 
In 1964 this #Disney #film about a magical nanny made #JulieAndrews a star. It has a sequel with #EmilyBlunt in 201… 
New Halloween Party, Oogie Boogie Bash, coming to Disney California Adventure this 
Disney Pledges $5 Million for Notre Dame Restoration - The Hollywood Reporter 
El Anuncio Oficial de Walt Disney Studios The Lion King IMAX EDITION 
I’m absolutely trying to send kids to the dictionary with pages like this: and I think adul… 
What Does #Netflix Really Think About #Disney and #Apple’s #New #Streaming #Services? 
Buy One get One FREE #StarWars #LukeSkywalker #StarWarsCelebration 
It should be obvious. Amazon Prime children's original programming is good, but not even remotely compa… 
I am so glad I got to hang with before he got big. Although I’m living for your instagram stories at Dis… 
Disney Pledges $5 Million to Support Rebuilding of Notre-Dame Cathedral 
Disney On Ice - Frozen is a fun show for the whole family. Discover the story of Disney’s Frozen like never before!… 
Rey’s dad will be the tar monster when Disney buys Paramount. 
Their parent company is Fox Corporation. Disney only bough… 
hunchback of notre dame is the most underrated disney movie and you can't change my mind 
Disney Parks Fashion Tips: Do’s and Don’ts For Your Trip 
I am glad someone else said it, re: Disney's live action remakes... 
Sign the petition! #SaveDaredevil  
HellfireDark fireGod have mercy on herGod have mercy of our Notredame loser_skits Cosplay 
Reposition your business and make it “about something.” Think about Disney. It’s… 
will #Disney+ have a download option like Netflix for traveling purposes?  So… 
Mark Hamill is a god damned national treasure and the most patient human being on earth.Mark Hamill on Disney's R… 
Take a 1994 tour of Innoventions at #EPCOT courtesy of Dad's Video 8 camcorder! Very little footage exists… 
Got one of my guilty pleasure films on in the background as I work. The Rocky Horror Picture Show is owned by 20th… 
Yeah the trailer looked fine but the last movie was garbage so I’m expecting this to be garbage too lol… 
The Walt Disney Company Pledges $5 Million to Support Rebuilding of Notre-Dame Cathedral - The Walt Disney Company 
New Oogie Boogie Bash – A Disney Halloween Social gathering Coming to Disney California Journey Park, Tickets on Sa… 
It will never happen. A small promotion tried and the chicks face got broken. They aren’t going to… 
Disney bought Fox now everyones leaving them 
Disney is moving! 
A Producer Known For 'Pearl Harbor' And 'The Pirates Of The Caribbean' Franchise Has Now Offered To Produce… 
Both Walt Disney World &amp; Disneyland have announced updates to their stroller policies, which take effect on May 1,… 
I know that, but the original premise of the series is that it’s a crossover with Disney. Taking tha… 
To this day, the stand-out experience of my time at Disney World. 
According to this article  Fiegi implies that  #Loki will be alive by the end of Endgame!!!!! 
Finally bought my Disney on Ice tickets! I am so excited! 
Probably because of Disney. Murdoch sons nonbelievers. Don’t give a shit about father’s legacy. 
Disney + 
Disney Channel Orders Third Season of BIG HERO 6 THE SERIES - Broadway World 
Can you do more Disney vlogs pls? 
Our friends dropping another great episode! Talking Disney's new empire. Check them out at 
PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN 5 All Trailers (2017) Dead Man Tell No Tales, Disney 4K Movie HD 
Don't worry, Mr. President, we Fox News followers are very aware that they have been boug… 
Now that Disney has bought Fox does that mean we can have the Fox logo and fanfare in front of Star Wars movies again? 
Turtle back zoo is Disney crowded 
I predict anything in DC Universe that was doing well for them will get moved to WarnerMedia's streaming… 
We will continue with honesty. I have my doubts with this movie, due to the reshoots, th… 
Now I will really condemn myself: I think lipsticks only function is to simulate engorged vulv… 
That moment I realize I only care about Notre Dame because it was in some Disney movie. 
Dang it Disney! I hate and love you simultaneously  
Follow my Disney YouTube here for LIVE Drawing streams, art tutorials and time lapse art videos.… 
The Walt #Disney Company Pledges $5 Million to Support Rebuilding of #NotreDame Cathedral 
Regardless of what you think about Netflix, Hulu, or Disney in terms of content preferences or political correctnes… 
Will you be planning a ride on Disney's new gondolas? 
i live in an actual fucking disney tv show y'all. THE DRAMA. how old are they 12 
Used to be just MLBAM but now unclear with sale of BAM to Disney. 
You discussedthe legality of writing fiction about an actor vs. about copyrighted material like Harry Potter, s… 
When Disney pledges $5 million and it feels like nothing given the $100 million+ pledges that have some in... 
Hello! Due to busy schedules we will be posting episodes a bit sporadically during these next few weeks. For now in… 
We loved ours on the Disney Dream.  No kids and we still had a BLAST!!! 
Omg we are at 199!!!!!! Thank you all.. what a great day it has been #200subs #Disneyland… 
Disney+ streaming video service launches on November 12 for $7 per month - 
When u guys going to disney world 
Yes I Love to read Disney Books, Bible and Berenstain Bears Books too I Love you PlayKids and God Bless You 
 That created a Disney cartoon image in my mind! Love it! Awoofff!  
I'll say it again: Fox News slowly yet steadily turning to the left since Di… 
Do you love or hate rollercoasters? — I LOVE RCOASTERS SO MUCH And also wanna create a coaster for a Disney Park o… 
$1 raffle happening now at enter as many times as you’d like #disney #artists #mickeymouse… 
That's amazing to hear. Thanks 
3 Things to Watch for Disney Stock As It Ventures Into Streaming 
Radio Disney is on at my work for some reason. 
Disney donates $5 mn to restore #NotreDame | Read more here &gt;&gt; 
a disney princess is just a bard/druid multiclass 
Go Support Ed and his family as they try to go on all the rides in Magic Kingdom in Disney World! It's all for a gr… 
Classy Disney very classy 
Parades, Shows and Fireworks! Oh my! Must be at Christmas! Start planning your vacation today! #Disney 
Y’all. Right before we made our way to the checkout I spotted a table full of god awful Disney princess dresses. 
With the inauguration of Netflix, and announcement of Disney+ and Apple streaming services, viewership is experienc… 
#WednesdayThoughts Is there an actual Disney Vault, or is that just something people say? 
Office Space 2: Mike Works for Disney 
You can catch me at work listening to Disney radio trying to find appropriate music for my 7 year old dancers playl… 
Disney made a very smart move entering streaming, says former NBC CEO - CNBC 
plz sing when she loved me for Disney week ( toy story)you would do that with so much emotion and so beautiful !! 
It’s so true!!! I tried to get ads for a free Disney trip once by talking about it all the time. The be… 
Marvel Set to Launch Live-Streaming Twitter Fan Show, Hosted by ‘Agent M’ and Angélique Roché… 
#31DayCinemaChallenge Day 1 - First film you saw in a theater.I'm not 100% sure but the first film I can REMEMBER… 
But Salma Hayeck and husband put in $113m come on Disney 
Cheap Disney Baby Ultimate Sweet Beginnings Bassinet, Disney Princess 
Can’t imagine ever being that excited about a once enjoyable series that has had a giant dump taken upon it by Disney. 
Netflix forecast disappoints ahead of Disney+ launch #tech #feedly 
The biggest mystery that I will never solve and honestly don’t want to have solved, is -why- Disney? Why then specifically? 
My husband has never been to Disney World  &amp; he’s only been to six flags once!!!! Wtf!! I told my mom so she added… 
This is Zayla with every single Disney movie  
The magical worlds of Disney and Harry Potter top summer travelers’ lists, AAA reports. 
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney 
Disney Life Happy Wife Car #disney #mickey #disneyworld #minniemouse #disneyland… 
Erin and Matt talked about this during Celebrity Scoop earlier today. #AvengersEndgame #AvengersEndgameSpoiler… 
It’s perfect that it’s a lot smaller than Disney world because HATES walking 
Sooooooooo cute! #New today. 
please don't ruin the excitement 
have you seen the Star Wars parkthey are doing in Disney, it looks so cool I’m excited #NHCLoveAgain 
Will I ever stop searching for any possible way to theme class projects around Disney? 
I love Disney, but pledging $5,000,000 dollars to Notre Dame is a waste. Yes, with the rich history and amazing str… 
#NotreDame #social As much I appreciate they (e.g. disney) donate, but why you never hear of such high donations in… 
Love this pin so much! #enamelpin #disney #pin #sylvialovespink 
Netflix adds nearly 10 million subscribes as competition from Disney &amp; Apple looms 
The sweetest give from a lovely friend . #dumbo #sylvialovespink #disney 
Good move Disney! 
Btw, another great episode of Loving the inside info. Especially about the costumes. A f… 
This is Disney 
Fucking Disney. They started falling apart when Walt Disney died 
Struggling Disney employee be like: 
Nah, Sora I don’t think is in contention. I’d love Lea Croft from Square the most, Erdrick second bu… 
A big thanks to and for supporting our Disney challenge to raise money for… 
If they didn't have Hannity, Tucker and Laura Ingrim, I would no… 
What a hypocritical, bigot you are. Your bragging that you gave your daughter a Disney trip, I suppose that wouldn'… 
Hi. I’m Michael J. Fox and you’re watching Disney Channel... 
$DIS $NFLX:3 Things to Watch for Disney Stock As It Ventures Into 
What the green army men looked like ten years ago (or maybe more) at #californiaadventure. They don't seem that muc… 
Any chance you have a Disney Belle wig tutorial? 
As Lyle Lovett once sang, "penguins are so sensitive to my needs." The new Disney movie Penguins makes me happy. My… 
Disney+ Guide: What to Expect From Marvel, Star Wars and More   #Hollywood &amp; Entertainmen… 
.......Disney property is so vague and mysterious like I’m so intrigued now  
We love enjoying Disney vlogs. Be sure to check out our new Disney video 
Phil is my life and now it’s so heartbreaking 
Love it. We love enjoying Disney vlogs. Be sure to check out our new Disney video 
We do the same. We love enjoying Disney vlogs. Be sure to check out our new Disney video 
Thinking about doing the Disney Princess 10k in February 2020. 
Coca-Cola and Disney Design Custom Bottles for Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge via 
Of course no one asked for it Netflix original content...that’s what makes it original  I recommend… 
I can’t read or watch anything without thinking of Disney Example A- you see a simple post foreign sodas, I see E… 
You down for a Fall Disney trip? Harry Potter, Pandora, and Star Wars  
got run over by a stroller at Disney yesterday and it only solidified 1. My hatred of strollers and 2. My stance on… 
Yo when are we gonna get an Enchanted remake or somethingMissin' my gurl Giselle and that movie is sooo underated :(( 
Wouldn't say these shows are high production, high production would be like game of thrones or mandalo… 
Disney really thought it was okay to show us Scar murdering his own brother and forcing his nephew to leave his hom… 
Disneyland, Disney Springs, Epcot and Hollywood Studios. #Disney 2019 
have you seen The Hunchback of Notre-Dame? — I have! It was one of my favorite Disney movies as a kid. I was super… 
I really wanna go to Disney 4 my bday. Nobody wanna go tho  
Sellers want the publisher to donate, they won't. They are playing on the strings hoping to… 
This is different! #DarkPhoenix #Disney 
"Whatever you do, do it well. Do it so well that when people see you do it, they will want to come back and see you… 
I love u guys!#NotreDameCathedralFire 
I'm not quite sure that's a problem though. It gives Disney content for Hulu, quick money hit at the box… 
Spider and Minion friends swing into action along with huge collection of disney Cars! 
I’m 100% in on the finale being a setup for the Disney+ sitcom “That’s So 3 Eyed Raven.” 
CHILD MODEL will be presenting a $5000 Prize to one of YOU at Disney Magic Kingdom 
“When your #values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier.”—Roy E. Disney 
Disney Parks Ban Smoking and Stroller WagonsNew restrictions will take effect May 
What happened to the disney princesses? by Festusanderson #POEMS #amwriting… 
Box Office Preview: Disney-Fox Era Begins With 'Breakthrough' 
Lost #Child at Walt #Disney World Resort “Child #Safety” via 
Every time I see people mad about shit like this I am reminded of Jordan Peterson doing a whole video bein… 
#NightmareBeforeChristmas 25th Anniversary #Miniature Action Figure Collectible Toys 6-Piece Set… 
BIG thanks to for supporting our Disney World fundraiser to aid life-saving cancer research!… 
So the choices are waiting 2 years for Disney+ or multichoice/sabc? I’ll rather wait for it then le… 
Here is a link to the scholarly article--with a LITERATURE REVIEW--that we will look at in class: "Who Cares for th… 
Just started watching the Superstar Shakeup on #RAW They are the #WarRaiders "The Viking Experience"… 
 It begins today my friend, Congratulations on a new beginning with Disney! 
Disney gondolas, moving 11 mph, will give bird's eye views nearly 60 feet over Walt Disney World Resort 
I agree Blue and I'm sad to say that the wide turn to the left we are seein… 
Haha! Thank you!!! And Disney lullabies are the best and they WORK. Brian Cr… 
The Shaggy DA: The Toddler Years (Coming Soon to Disney+)  
Def know my NBA history, I'm talking about national televise games, not the local NYC tv. I don't remember him call… 
"It's really strange that not one but two things from the ‘90s and from my childhood are still a big part of my lif… 
Great point! And yeah I see that's the case now; I remembered Saban getting the property back from Di… 
You're right. Something is missing. But what? I've got the beard...the coat...the boots...the belt…#Good #bad… 
And the winner is Euro Disney  
"Ad:" Moana Destiny Fantasy Pin LE50 Disney + LE35 Pin &amp; Sticker Tefiti GITD Glitter  Fly… 
why did this remind me of the first elsa scene from disney's frozen 2 trailer??? 
I don't need white people white washing the stories of muslims for the the sake of other… 
A lot of complained actually see fanart as promoting their brand. But companies like Disney, Sanrio, and… 
You said Disney was responsible for those films when that's not the case,… 
I did a thing yesterday: I not only signed up for my first marathon, but it’s at the most magical place on earth...… 
hey im rafa benitez and you're watching disney channel 
Made a sketch of Kim Possible in anime styleI'm trying to make more cartoon characters in anime style so comment s… 
just said Disney will help donate to rebuild #NotreDame which is sooooo awesome! 
I literally dream of going back to Disney every single day 
The best zero to hero character was #kuzco in Emperors New Groove!!! Seriously one of the best underra… 
Peter pan’s flight is the worst ride at Disney world 
Disney Infinity 3.  All figures except the Star Wars rereleases with li… 
‘Star Wars’ fans keep fueling the Force as Disney expands the galaxy far, far, awayA few days ago in a galaxy not… 
Disney Infinity 2.  All figures. 
Walt Disney World Resort sky litter. 
I did focus on Disney Infinity.  So much of a waste of time there.  My… 
Netflix will still be number one for at least a few more years.Disney + will need quite a bit of content to surpass it. 
2014. Going away. All I could hear was 'THAT'S WHAT HE SAID. THAT'S WHAT ABRAHAM LINCOLN SAID'.It wa… 
Everything it touches dies some more. 
Love it 
Ah, I see! Those don't look so bad. You'll probably stand out from all the t-shirts with family names in all Disney font.... 
Big shout-out to for supporting our Disney challenge this morning!!! Raisin… 
girl, disney, hug, adorable, pixar, hugs, hugging, monsters inc, feel better, get well 
Camp Rock - What It Takes - Music Video - Disney Channel Italia via 
Disney news studios Disneyfox 
"All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney 
Laura,  how much longer are you going to stick with Disney=CNN. I love watching you, please go… 
Don’t even start with the Disney donation post about Notre Dame. Just don’t. 
Phil is my friend 
And I thought they were supposed to have it all #Marvel #Disney  
.  The goal at Disney and Pixar is to NOT do anything that isn’t new and different. #DigitalNow2019 #DigiNow19 
On the last episode of Making Magic it was mentioned that looks like a Disney Princess, so I drew u… 
I love Disney 
She is always close by... #rescue #catsofinstagram #calico #longhaircalico #adoptdontshop 
So Disney's released #Penguins about lovable penguin Steve coming of age in Antarctica. When will Disney tell the s… 
100%. I figured it was going to fail, but I thought they would hold on through the year. Never made a… 
And don’t forget about Disney plus 
What did Disney mean by this... 
DDL, Desde Disney Land 
One of the best things at Disney World are character encounters! Who’s your character to meet? Have a Wild Wednesda… 
never was able to find out I was never able to go to Disney anything,.... I'm Jewish anyway they m… 
I heard Disney bought it, so will probably become more and more liberal!!! 
Blair laughs at all the sad scenes I show her in any Disney movie. So there’s that... 
hard to pick one resort so I’ve got two: Wilderness Lodge in Disney World… 
‘Star Wars’ fans keep fueling the Force as Disney expands the galaxy far, far, away - 
13TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
Disney owns now.  Slowly they are creeping in on our news.  OAN will soon be the only alternative. 
I believe she is mind controlled. All these Disney kids had some sort of breakdown, then acting out. S… 
Yep, their roster of properties is too much. 
About 15 min after dropping off the babe I realized I was still listening to Disney Hits on  her… 
Minimize meltdowns when it's time to put down the #toddlerlife 
New trending GIF tagged disney, showtime, trailer, will smith, aladdin, genie, lets do this, its time, aladdin 2019… 
Despite the many issues, I also think it has my favorite Disney villain. 
we need a season 3 order of the There is no question about it. You're out star treking… 
Cominng to ORLANDO as an Executive, on tours, vacation, wedding, to DISNEY, make your reservations ONLINE now with… 
He's going opening day of Galaxy's edge 
I left months ago . They were bought out by Disney far left illuminati . 
I work in a place called construction.I hire.I fire.The ones who get fired are not worth th… 
So so soon. I can’t wait to be emotional over all things Disney and marvel together. 
Please send HEARTS for ‘BOY WITH LUV’ Ft. Halsey on Radio Disney Top Songs Chart:#4 →… 
This looks awesome!! Even pick your own crystal and more. How fans will make their own lightsabers at Disney’s St… 
I voted for #DumboSoars on Burton’s #Dumbo reboot is an exciting adventure 
Disney World? That's a weird way to spell Disneyland  (actually haven't been able to go… 
My Disney Vlog was deleted. I have to start all over. Sadness sets in. Its a long video.... Had it almost completed… 
Netflix minimiza impacto de rivais Disney e Apple -  
Hope Hicks is now the president of Fox news of Disney, she will verify the accuracy of the redacted Mueller Report. 
ResiWeek 167: SnapAV has a new alarm system, Disney details their streaming service, and discussing on-demand AV se… 
Disney will supplement the redacted Mueller Report with Hicks' story via the Fox news channel. 
49 Hottest Black Friday VPN Deals UP to 89% OFF Shop Disney - Online Exclusive. Pixie Perfe… 
Found notes in an old journal of mine. Apparently at some point I thought there should be a Disney/Pixar movie call… 
Why is fox doing this? Did the Disney sale have an effect? It’s pretty hysterical. 
Lots of Disney resorts have fun events... 
It’s Humpy Hump Day!!! Your times to win are coming up.  7a- Millennium Tour tix, 7:30a- Disney On Ice, 8a- $4k a d… 
Imperial Capital Weighs in on Walt Disney Co’s Q3 2019 Earnings $DIS 
I like the title... #starwars #disney #theriseofskywalker"ou're probably already aware of this, but the latest St… 
Imperial Capital Weighs in on Walt Disney Co’s Q3 2019 Earnings $DIS #stocks 
Imperial Capital Lowers Walt Disney Q3 2019 Earnings Estimates to $1.86 EPS (Previously $1.95). $DIS #DIS 
NXIVM and Disney execs and talent part of the club? 
$DIS $MAT:Better Buy: Disney vs. 
Wyndham Bonnet Creek 2 Bedroom Deluxe June 14 to 16, Sleeps 8, DISNEY ORLANDO 
You'd think you'd be more worried about like..making good content? Instead of berating customers for c… 
The 2020 Twincities Takeover Cruise to Puerto Rico.We'll spend 1 night in cocoa beach. Thats mins from NASA &amp; 1hr… 
Quite important! Not like I care but please let's be guided. 
Every since FOX was bought by Disney they have been changing. Fair is one thing but they are courting libs &amp; changi… 
#WritingCommunity All of Our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ~Walt Disney #quote… 
Disney* 
I read a book years ago, he was friends with Walt Disney and sold milk shake machines. 
Most of the food at Disney World is Amazing, but what was the WORST food you ever tried in Walt Disney World!! 
"Ad:" Monopoly Disney Edition Parker Brothers / Hasbro 2001 Board Game Complete  FlyingTr… 
So glad so much remains!   Hope disney doesnt style the repair, hope it isnt crystal. 
It's you turn #LooperNation . . . It's your Show!We want to know . . . what Disney Resort is your favorite to walk… 
Now that all the TV and film rights are under one studio roof for #StarWars, can we finally get t… 
Probably can't be down in Disney for that one but I'll cheer you guys on! 
"Ad:" Comics: **RARE** Walt Disney TOPOLINO January 13 1974 Issue #946 - Italian Comic Book 
Netflix says it’s not worried about Disney or Apple encroaching on its turf 
A Walk in the Park: Come On Every ‘Bunny’ Get Your Ears On at Disneyland Resort 
Why was I up so early? I was making Fast Passes for a family of 4 celebrating a 75th birthday in Walt Disney World… 
Also planning Walt Disney World so I guess that kinda counts as ‘seeing new places’  
Only solution to the ad #Disney #conglomerate 
OK, you won me over with the addition of #StarWars!Bring on the vacation.#StarWarsFFCSweepstakes 
It's about the content that Disney Plus will have, how that service will impact Netflix and other ser… 
Last week, Disney revealed its inaugural streaming service, Disney+. That means for the first time in its history,… 
No disney &gt;:^( 
The DISNEY Store Donald Duck Faces Expression Tie Necktie Blue Red Silk #Mensfashion… 
I can't wait til  #TheFalcon and #WinterSoldier come out on Disney +. I already have most of my money set aside for… 
I know that it’s Disney World prices, but $158 for a Lightsaber is insane. That’s $316 that I’m going to have to sp… 
Rumored She Hulk show coming on Disney Plus. 
Phil is my day 
This makes a lot of sense versus the AT&amp;T umbrella having separate services. So like Disney+ will have M… 
Netflix doesn’t seem too worried about the new streaming services from Apple and Disney 
My best friend and her sister and mother are like super Disney obsessed and the three have them hav… 
Mark Hamill on Disney's Reaction to Him Trolling Fans: "What Are They Gonna Do, Fire Me?" - The Hollywood Reporter… 
One Magical Weekend and KindRed PRIDE Foundation are looking for Volunteers for our upcoming events here in Orlando… 
Hectic. 
Just ask Disney, Jobs or anyone that was told it can't be done, and then they did it. #Repost 
If you love Disney parks and media discussion, give us a whirl: 
Hi, Nick. If you love Disney parks and media news and discussion, give us a whirl: 
Taken over by Disney...and Rino like Paul Ryan. Fox is not your friend. Promote OANN!!! 
Are you excited about these, or will you skip it? 
"Well, no, you don't have to."She said that, but looked at the Saber with вℓιηg вℓιηgѕ that suggested… 
 It's a simple fix - Removing Blu-ray Eurika A Discless Xbox One S All Digital Edition Console.Downside t… 
Disney and the young Murdochs are globalists 
peor que la Rock It de disney chabonnn 
Similarities in background might bring you closer to someone i... More for Cancer 
Which #Pixar series do you like the most?#disney #ToyStory4 
Zeke the waiter that dances and goes to Disney world 
I wonder if Anna and Elsa will meet in their new outfits at in the parks. 
Lori Adams tells people that Dentistry At Somerset is the “Disney Land” of dentist offices. As soon as she walks in… 
We shall see.But the comment about the DCU could be mixed with the AT&amp;T streaming service news whe… 
Netflix forecast disappoints ahead of Disney+ launch 
Disney’s New ‘Netflix Killer’ Won’t Turn A Profit For At Least Five Years   #ZeroHedge On April 12, 
Georgina (4) DBN dreamer got to meet all the Disney Princesses, including her favourite - Belle. Thanks… 
I actually agree with his Disney tier 
"Ad:" NEW Authentic Pandora Disney Aurora’s Signature Color Charm Ster Pink 791658  Flyin… 
Looks like he came out of a Disney movie . 
The Little Mermaid (1989) 
Rescuers Down Under (1990) 
Disney movies as represented by pics of Alistair Krei: 
Disney doesn’t own Fox News.... 
A new reward to celebrate the joint disaster between and 
Shazam is a cute movie, but not one to be watched several times. I loved it the 1st time, and was surprisingly bore… 
will finish it’s user unfriendly drive into 
Netflix forecast disappoints ahead of Disney+ launch #tech 
Pertinent to this weeks events- daughter, obsessed with Disney’s Hunchback of Notre Dame, called Esmeral… 
Conspiracy concept: Cristiano Ronaldo suffers from a Disney, Toy Story curse 
Now to your comment. It’s cause they sold out to Disney. Bunch of Liberal hacks. 
#CaptainMarvel is easily one of my favo… 
New post: Mattel Disney Pixar CARS: Super Chase Sgt. Highgear 
Disney's Peter Pan. 
Disney, Dimon, &amp; A China Debt Surge Lift Stocks As Economic Data Collapses   #ZeroHedge On April 12, 
Disney is tapping into Star Wars, Marvel, and more to upgrade its theme parks 
I’m not going to paint you a pretty picture or make this lecture a Walt Disney movie.  It’s serious.  I am very serious. 
We're seeing how Disney will dismantle from the inside. Starts with the hiring of pathological liars such… 
I had high hopes when Disney bought The fox network they would tone down the lies and hatred on Fox News.FAT CHANC… 
i dont like star wars, marvel, pixar or disney look at me im so alternative 
THEY HAVE BEEN TAKEN OVER BY Get ready for more left-wing bias!! Sad! 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on from #poshmark… 
I've decided what stuff I'D personally love to see on Disney+!  What about any of you?  Did I miss anything importa… 
never too old for disney  
floyd norman pretty sick i aint know he was the first black animator at disney, mans a  
Pocahontas.Probably one of the most mature of the Disney Princesses. She straight threw herself in front of John S… 
HOT SALE! Disney Princess Frozen Flip N Switch Playset Kristoff &amp; Elsa Watch 
#Apple, #Disney and Co ain't got sh.t on #Netflix 
HOT SALE! Disney Princess Sofia the First Talking Doll Birds Bunny 
WHAT TO DO, WHERE TO GO - Florida Weekly - -Disney’s “The Lion King” takes the stage at t… 
*looks at all the Disney live actions 
Definitely 
Disney chief Bob Iger says that the company’s bid for 21st Century Fox assets would never have happened if it weren… 
Not being at Disney world 
But Universal is gonna have Nintendo land! I love Disney, but imagine Disney with Charle… 
Of course. 
With real cat singing... 
So building a progressive movement, pressuring Amazon and Disney to enact $15/ho… 
They make all non-ruling class citizens wear costumes and act out a reality show they sell to other countries, havi… 
Disney+ isn't coming to Africa for at least the first 2 years? Good thing all the people here are cool, and will… 
Disney is the devil 
Also Jeff Bezos buys Disney and turns the United States into a theme park-tocracy called the Bezos-Disney Republic. Or something. 
Netflix surges ahead of quarterly results report; Disney in focusShares of Netflix jumped 3 percent on Tuesday ahe… 
Remember when Lion King actually showed an animated death scene of fratricide? Disney supports fratricide. I can't.… 
The year is 2039. Disney is remaking all of its Pixar films in live action. Ratatouille gets a re-write set in 2007… 
The genius reason Disney world highway signs are purple, red, and yellow 
the story of pixar &amp; the deals that they worked w/ disney is a textbook business school example of a ti… 
Disney: *erases Mara Jade Skywalker from canon* “But look! A stormtrooper with a flamethrower! Isn’t that sooo feminist?” 
I’m so scared because I was just mentioning Mr Simmons to my friend and he popped up on my timeline  
Walt Disney Co $DIS Short Interest Down 67.7% in March 
Look - there’s only one live-action remake everyone wants: The Aristocats. 
Have you ever taken off on a flight in rain or thunderstorm? It’s apparently gonna be one the day I fly and I’m t… 
man, why didn’t she become a disney princess by now!? 
Me in the sibling group chat. Notice the time  never too early or late for some nostalgia 
Don’t expect Disney+ in Africa any time soon 
Films this week seem kinda eh honestlyI guess I am excited for Disney penguins documentary. The curse of la llo… 
Yes please,  Make it happen Disney! 
Netflix forecast disappoints as streaming competition loomsNetflix Inc gave a weak forecast on Tuesday that unnerv… 
Netflix says it doesn't expect Apple TV+ or Disney+ to 'materially affect' income 
Netflix isn’t worried about Disney+ or Apple TV+, says it’s ‘excited’ to have the competition 
A lost Disney film that predates Mickey Mouse was uncovered in Japan 
Not with those demon                               M-I-C-K E-Y M-O-U-S-E hands. Disney is evil. 
Fox regional sports networks get bids from Liberty and Ice Cube’s Big3Walt Disney Co. received final-round bids o… 
NBCNEWS reports Netflix announces it added the most subscribers in its history during the first quarter of 2019, br… 
Buy Disney on the dips, says Jeff TomasuloDisney's new streaming plans make shares attractive over the long-term,… 
My president, this has been going on since you became actual investigative stories being tanked and the the… 
Goodbye Netflix  
when you wanna rp certain charas but the fandoms just dont exist rp wise or dont acknowledge your character as bein… 
New post: Netflix forecast disappoints ahead of Disney+ launch 
Also I need all of these to be on Disney+, and I will never leave my house again. 
Thanks Disney, for making me realize how amazing tv used to be. 
I accidentally started looking at my DCP photos and damn did it make me nostalgic and wanna be back at Disney again 
How about A Disney executive from Saugus charged with sexually assaulting two children over… 
I guess she would know right?  Must have a place there in Disney where she can keep an eye… 
Disney? Really? What about Disney rehiring Guardians of the Galaxy director James Gunn in… 
And that’s why LucasFilm is better off with Disney. 
Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Walt Disney $DIS to Hold 
Walt Disney $DIS Upgraded by BTIG Research to Neutral 
Ralph Breaks the Internet is great. The parts with the Disney princesses are hilarious. 
In the EU he had a lover named Mara Jade. We are all hoping Disney brings her in somwhere. She was an amazing character. 
Before Disney bought Star Wars Luke had a wife Mara Jade 
Disney is Now in the Streaming Game. Here’s What the Smart Money Thinks of Disney and its Competitors… 
I prefer the books over ANYTHING Disney has come out with , Luke had a wife &amp; son....great stories. 
"Ad:" Fantasy: STAR WARS DISNEY SOLO FORCE LINK 2.0 STORMTROOPER MIMBAN SUPER RARE HARD TO FIND… 
They are owned by the cabal....Disney.... 
DON'T SPOIL THE ENDGAME 
#Disney Enchanted Tales Storybook 8 Stories Hardcover Childrens Book 2005 #ebaydeals… 
hanna the singer that fights and goes to Disney world 
Disney Bought Fox Primarily Because of Disney+, Says Bob Iger 
Disney Bought Fox Primarily Because of Disney+, Says Bob Iger Disney's acquisition of 20… 
Young star of the new Disney feature! 
YOINK, pretty positive the disney character would be flagged normally pretty quickly too, I guess the… 
Kevin Feige Calls Disney+ Marvel Shows ‘A Totally New Form of Storytelling’, Shares ‘X-Men’ Excitement, and Promise… 
So was the protagonist in SWBF2 from EA and in the current Disney SW trilogy. Whats your point? 
Waddup Jeff Bezos, he could easily fix that issue, and many other billionaires, like the ppl who own Perdu Pharmace… 
My family going to Disney World this weekend and I’m not going, i need a vacation  
Cable went out but Internet is still working, so I went down the YouTube rabbit hole and GUS FRING IN A TIE FIGHTER… 
Hear about Norte Dame yesterday and seeing the newspapers in flames with it today I'm heartbroken. On my way into w… 
Disney band competition #1 via once a band geek always a band geek!… 
One of Chaplin’s too, apparently! But seriously, it’s hard not to see the Chaplin influence on Disn… 
BITCH DON'T PLAY WITH ME. I NEED TO BE EXCITED AFTER THAT DISNEY CHANNEL ADVERT THEY GAVE US  
New Smash content this? Thanks, really need a pick-me-up. Disney/Pixar's Coco wrecked me 
EVERY CHANGE Disney made to the Tarzan storyline was WELCOME and NEEDED (I read the original book—it is BAD) and I… 
This whole time I really thought all these tweets bout thanos were about the evil uncle from the Disney movie twitches. 
Born On This Day | In Remembrance of Anne Shirley (April 17, 1918 – July 4, 1993). #AnneShirley #DawnODay… 
all y'all n more are just recreatin… 
Netflix forecast disappoints ahead of Disney+ launch #technews #techgeek 
I always am  
I got: True NeutralWhat Is Your Moral Alignment? 
Emulating Walt Disney to develop my life 
#TokyoDisneyland's 35th anniversary celebration has come to an end. This is a lid of a cookie can. #Japan #Disney… 
Disney+ gets two new series based on Winter Soldier, Falcon, Scarlet Witch, and Vision: #Tech #Data Cc… 
Chaplin’s influence on Disney is unmistakable. And Chaplin, who attended the premier of Snow White,… 
Walt Disney $DIS Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Analyst Upgrade 
I agree, I just can’t believe the constant interference in DC specifically. I know WB med… 
Disney + (The Netflix Killer)#Disney #Marvel #Pixar #StarWars #Showmax #Streaming #NatGeo  
Disney ruined Star Wars 
All these corporate sponsorships are going to turn Notre Dame into a Disney theme...oh...wait 
The Magic Kingdom of Disney 
Netflix, Disney, Apple streaming. Someone should bundle their content into one package, maybe add some news, sports...oh...wait 
Netflix forecast disappoints ahead of Disney+ launch 
I saw this Video by at Geeks and Gamers. Com &amp; WOW it blew me away everything he said was truth Last Jed… 
Yess. I still need to see the second one tho...If you want a movie that will actually make you cry… 
One of my favourite favourite books! Would love to see it on the big screen! C'mon Disney, make it happen!! :D… 
Disney has beaten that movies to death with poor writing. So the game can't do much worse.The cha… 
Emperor’s New Groove is by far one of the most underestimated Disney movies. 
If I ever want to see a Disney classic I miss seeing, I will make the purchase then an… 
Netflix brushes off streaming threats from Apple, Disney #business 
I saw Disney's new movie, DUMBO, and if you have a child inside - you'll love DUMBO!  Or, if you were a kid and rod… 
DDL (Desde Disney Land) 
Disney/Marvel is really fucking up not having the background story for Captain Phasma's armor being that it's the m… 
Here are the biggest analyst calls of the day: Disney, Lyft, Dow Inc., &amp; more   #CNBC On April 2, 
Y’all doing a Live Action Disney live tweet watching party extravaganza at some point? Happiest Millionaire should be in there. #GEEKSCORNER 
needs to add comics to #DisneyPlus 
Looks like the lost 72% of it's viewing audience between 2014 &amp; 2019! It's mostly due to the rise in… 
phil is my time of day and y’all are getting old-what ? 
Omg, I need a happy Disney movie now. 
Any help would mean the world to me. Whatever it takes! 
God Help the Outcasts#Disney #Singing #notverygood #NotreDame #hunchbackofnotredame 
"Ad:" Savings: Rare Disney Pooh Tigger Fossil France Blue Leather Watch  FlyingTreasures 
Kind of reminds me of some of the people behind Disney channel struggling to look happy but on the in… 
I had recordings too, don’t know where they are anymore.  It’d be nice if they… 
Okay Netflix... since y’all wanna raise $15.99 per month I better see old  Disney Channel and Nickelodeon shows on here ASAP.. thanks 
So these people are great to work with. Lots of passion and love for Disney. If you have interest you should apply.… 
Netflix gives a weak forecast that unnerves investors just as Disney and others prepare to escalate Hollywood’s str… 
&amp; having few crossover in past. Even The Mouse &amp; Bunny was on same screen once,also DC vs Ma… 
sigh, they want Disney to buy it?  I realize the Hunchback was a Disney thing, but seriously. 
Planning a family vacation to Disney with travel 
Currently planning fam Disney trip part 6284 
Regarding food,  we have been on the Allure of the Seas and food was very good.   I don’t… 
You’re such a Disney Princess now, and I love it. 
I'm going to sound like I'm jumping on a bandwagon but this movie has ALWAYS been under appreciated, the music soar… 
They better keep damn near everything from the old republic lore the exact same. And please don't try to… 
Good article, while I disagree about Rogue one and Solo not being that good and Episode… 
My fave! 
Yas i'm watching miraculous ladybug on disney channel aaaaa 
Disney+ just put a lot of pressure on Apple’s streaming video service   #WallSt On April 12, 
The fact is, Fox news was bought by Disney Company… 
Maybe that’s why I’m such a depressed piece of shit. Thanks a lot Disney. 
We went to downtown Disney to get the regular beignets. There was never a long line there and when we… 
I listened to your radio interview today so Awesome So Glad your having fun at Disney Land and your… 
The podcast gets turned on its head as Taylor takes over "Rap or Crap", Disney gets all my money, Exlax laced cooki… 
Disney in Mickey Mouse head tshirt 
Oh, Same here, man. Was on a Disney cruise in December. Holy wow. *shudders* 
Interesting; I didn’t know that! ButI would think then, that Disney w… 
Bradenton Herald: A ‘Beauty &amp; the Beast’ bar is opening at Disney. What will it mean for kids? - Bradenton Herald:… 
Fox and Burney..   because Disney the socialist network purchased Fox, 2 weeks ago. 
and this is the question we were talking about! Personally, I'm hoping for Zahn to co-wr… 
2/ But they act like you are a great friend. And you act like you are happy to see them. You kinda know them, but… 
1/ Talking to a Disney Princess as an adult is an extremely bizarre experience. You know the character but you do… 
"Relaxing Disney piano music" has me crying doing my homework 
American Idol Reveals the Top 10: Who's Making It to Disney Night? 
google rewards doesn’t send me surveys anymore because id answer questions like “which of these brands have you hea… 
tom fletcher is actually a disney prince. 
Dude yes. Feedback pls- I’m considering trying out the Disney one but this one catches my eye too 
Have you seen the Disney/Pixar short 'Kitbull? ' It speaks to cruelty that some people inflict, but al… 
I just want to talk about Dali/Disney collaboration with someone 
Yo  I know how much y’all love reboots. Now is your opportune moment  
I would rather people change their photo to Quasi Moto from the Disney movie. Watch a… 
I know so many people on twitter who do this lol... 
sounds like a series for Disney+ 
Foxnews becoming the new Disney’s Mickey Mouse. They’ll all be w… 
I think everyone I’ve ever talked to prefers Disney world over Disney land minus maybe like 3 people but I still wanna go so bad  
Asking #Disney politely to renew their contract with #Netflix, all I’m asking is for Moana and Disney princess movies mostly?? 
Evil Satan run Disney. That’s what’s wrong with Fox News. 
Heh, tell him go by yourself. I always hated Disney. Especially around this time and all the time 
"Ad:" Sally Lavender Yensid Fantasy Pin LE25 Disney Nightmare Christmas Harry Potter  Fly… 
Quick trips to Disney are the best! 
'Disney Officially Owns 21st Century Fox.'- The exterior of Fox Studios is pictured Tuesday in Los Angeles. ... On… 
#Disney: 660% return in 10 years. $DIS #finance 
Netflix original content is bland.. excited for Disney plus though! 
This is the lamest millennial take you’ll hear on Notre Dame, but it’s true:The soundtrack for Disney’s The Hunchb… 
The Saudi Prince you mentioned actually… 
Do y'all understand how badly I wanna run a Disney World half marathon 
But, the Disney Star Wars films don't have a story. Or characters. They're not even fun sc… 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker. JJs 3hr movie has a lot of explaining to do. Hopefully JJ &amp; Disney Exe… 
WIR 2 is gonna age so well  
I need to clarify this does not mean Endgame spoilers, I won’t publicly mention what I saw of them, don’t want no o… 
Disney + (The Netflix Killer) 
Solo and Rogue One were good 
disney same 
THE ARISTOCATS IS MY FAVORITE ANIMATED DISNEY MOVIE!!!!! 
Can you imagine if War of the Spark was actually a live action movie/series. That would be End Game times 3 for us… 
DISNEY CHILL WITH THE LOVE ACTION, YALL STUPID AFFF 
"Phil is my favorite part of the cage". . .Phil I'm sorr- 
We almost always fly down to Orlando. My favorite thing has to be the WiFi… 
we went to all 4 parks today (magic kingdom, epcot , animal kingdom, disney springs) im beat! 
I heard Dennis' horn on two Disney XD shows 
Oh I know, they're gonna go with the boring and stupid route of her being a Skywalker or something.My cor… 
It would be so great that the Crown Prince of Crime made a cameo in a Disney film. Take that Marvel/Disney 
omg I’m seriously in the middle of trying to plan a trip to Disney World with my boyfriend in october… 
I want to live Disney magic every single day, no matter where I am!! 
Yeah, just looked it up.Well, that was stupid of Disney to do.  They wrote themselves out of a perfectly… 
Lion King was the first black Disney movie. 
Disney Tsum Tsum Woody's Round Up Jakks Series 7 - 7 Pack Mini-Figures Toy 
Fox sold out to Liberal run media=DISNEY 
I have lots of mixed feelings about the live actions, but I still watch them because Disney.  
Seriously, #DontSpoilTheEndgame, or I will send you to Disney jail. 
"Ad:" Miguel Destiny Fantasy Pin LE50 Disney + LE35 Pin &amp; Sticker GITD Coco Day O Dead  F… 
Futurism: Disney’s “Frozen” Inspired New Attempt to Find Dark 
Same here. Most of mine are those ones. I also like the disney princesses and a lot of… 
Is it just me or is Oh My Disney (the site) dying? There used to be fun content and quizzes everyday and now it see… 
The 'hope' is probably the result of Disney/Lucasfilm bringing JJ back to finish what he started w/ T… 
For the love of all the is good #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
I MIGHT GO NEXT SUMMER WE GO TO DISNEY LIKE EVERY OTHER SUMMER 
perhaps like Euro-Disney, France should embrace another great American cultural phenomenon and prepare for th… 
It does look like stitch but it’s not the model Disney is using because that’s just a fan made image 
please for the LOVE OF STAR WARS make a FRIGGIN RPG / KOTOR game then idc if you call it non cannon plea… 
It failed due to multiple director issues and firings, the severely bad advertising amongst other st… 
And finally, the hellfire that was "why the heck is Disney bringing a sex drugs an rock and roll gr… 
I’m so fucking excited to be going to Tokyo Disney in a couple weeks LOOK AT THEIR FOOD 
Mayor Pete's family apparently went to Disney World during the PSR Romans and Corinthians weeks! 
I have really enjoyed your shows! I totally understand and hope you guys can do some guest spots for my Disney fix! 
I AM SO READDYYYYY I haven’t been back to FL in a hot minute let alone DISNEY MOTHER FLIPPING WORLD !!!!!… 
I know, but I'm still keeping my fingers crossed and hoping for the best since Disney recently scoop… 
I got "You got 12 out of 12 right!"!This Lyrics Quiz Should Be Simple For Millenials And Really Hard For Gen Z'er… 
CAUTION: GRAPHIC CONTENT ! 
That’s oddly specific... Tell me about your past interactions with discontinued Disney podcasts.  
Now which Disney movie to watch while I work on cosplay?  
LOL BUT THATS SO TRUE all the other time I do admit I came back home with all this stuff and I’m just lik… 
"Ad:" Disney Fantasy Pin The Mouse Straw New  FlyingTreasures 
mostly owned by Disney 
I follow back 100% 
Also: Disney tricked Netflix into paying them hundreds of millions for content, then turned around and stabbed them… 
I can’t stop planning Disney trips. Help. 
Disney Plus a Netflix killer? Actually, it's Apple's headache now via 
Disney really missed an opportunity to just name their penguin movie Steve. I would watch Steve. I would not watch Penguins. 
They're Disney now. 
If the new Penguins documentary that Disney is making doesn’t have an entire section about how Barry Trotz merciles… 
Time lapse blender build 
disney world is 10x better ! 
Disney, and something about Saudi Arabia 
Disney Star Wars Authentic Licensed Drawstring Bag Backpack (Blue) For Sale 
I thought it was one of the better animated remakes. Sure it had some problems like the CGI tea cu… 
the people making fun of this guy are the same grown ass adults saying disney princes are sexy 
Original Art: Hand Drawn Disney Fan Art Happy Birthday Card Featuring Coco Dante &amp; Miguel 
Getting ready for our fundraiser at Disney World tomorrow. If you're in the area, come cheer us on!… 
It’s owned by They are liberals in disguise. They have been adding people like… 
Just got a suitcase from Next stop: Disney World!  
Netflix unfazed by Apple and Disney as it sees room for all streamers 
Disney buys the rights to theme park Halloween events 
Considering that FoxNews now has Muslim producers and o… 
Just posted a photo Disney's Hollywood Studios 
I saw Russo brothers and I thought of Wizards of Waverly Place but now I am sad...X_( 
Enter to #win 2 Middle Grade books From an Idea to Disney &amp; From an Idea to Nike in this #Giveaway Hop US 4/16 
I think you should put out a limited special edition of “ The Hunchback of Notre Dame” on Digital with all… 
And of course I would split my time between ‘Beach Supervisor’ and ‘Disney World ride tester’ 
Who else is excited about #Disney+Honestly I don't think they could have done a better job rolling this out.… 
Have you listened to the latest episode of the podcast? Disney is coming to consoles, PSN name changes, and more!L… 
Yeah, you might be the better team but you don’t have a Disney logo stitched across your jersey. Who’s really the loser here?  
What will a Disney #Hulu look like? Will the same made-for-Hulu series be there? Hmmmmm 
"Ad:" Pandora Charm Bracelet Sterling Silver Disney Carousel Mickey Mouse Parks World  Fl… 
Tristan Strong!!! One more reason to wish I was at TLA.  
Nah, just pointing out the facts. If you listen to their podcasts, they're pretty up front… 
 my Disney Queen  
How does one get banned for making Cartoons? Seriously?Watch out Hanna Barbera! Be Car… 
Disney Lilo and Stitch Tee Ohana Means Family Purple NWT Juniors XXL #clothing… 
They've become a Mickey mouse operation. Literally. Disney owned 
“Oh, Scar, it’s just you. We were afraid it was somebody important.” #TheLionKing #Disney… 
disney's got taste 
The next time my f*ther tries to get me to rejoin the mormon church I’m just gonna hit him with the classic “I’m no… 
jackson the shakira impersonator that runs and goes to Disney world 
So nobody wants to get Disney af? Fasho 
Just listened to a CP CM tell a guest an outrageous amount of training/backstage info. This is hap… 
Disney Inches Closer to Owning Hulu 
My daughter and I enjoyed 8 Disney Cruises they are fantastic! Thank you!! 
Disney's Fox will die a slow death, much like CNN. Wonder how long it will take Fox viewers to realize it. 
let me write a Honey I Shrunk The Kids reboot for you! 
Hey! I just found your account and it’s super awesome. I forgot I had an account made back in ‘16. I lov… 
Every Disney discussion that comes up people hate on it or act like it doesn't exist. 
Via Twitter for iPhone desde Disney.Oh irony is so sweet! 
Quit supporting hate and divisive propaganda on Fox. 
I hear about what if series on Disney plus and wonder what what if you would like you see? 
let’s go to disney world ..... no reason at all ... 
Tenyo Japan Stitch and Scramp Disney Rare Hologram Puzzle 108 Pc NEW #shopsmall 
Yay! It bums me out I can’t find any merchandise of him :(. Disney has never made anything, I’m hopin… 
I'll pay for a Disney plus account for that shit alone!!!! Better yet make it a movie and get… 
Or going to knock off disney world... 
It’s been bought by Disney..... 
If you're going to Disney after GuardianCon, definitely do this event.You will get more Disney out of an after ho… 
Animal Planet 61Cartoon Network 62Nickelodeon 63 Disney Channel 64  
Tell Disney to go away so I can have an original thing 
Igual diz a Disney: Coming Soon!!! 
we already no they raped star wars.  we don't need to know anything else 
Fox News was excluded from the Disney deal. It is still owned by the Murdochs 
#DisneyStore Exclusive – #Pixar Toy Box #ToyStory4 Figures Available #Disney 
Haha, they can't fire you now Mark... Oh, &amp; btw, we took a vote &amp; the new title is no… 
"Ad:" Marvel Select BLACK WIDOW - BOTH VERSIONS Mint and Complete Disney Exc  FlyingTreas… 
To be fair I’m certain people would go nuts if Disney dropped a hand drawn film in the midst of CG films we have now 
Disney  now Owns Fox  And Disney is Ultra Liberal   So slowly they will join the likes of CNN 
Congrats  to our Minis on a wonderful show! We had so much fun with these talented kiddos during our Disney Session… 
Disney ein kkkkkkkk suave 
Swamp taking over FoxNews.  Disney run 
Just say no to Faux News  
Springfield Missouri mom seeking transport to surgeon willing to remove &amp; treat large mass of roun… 
Even though it isn’t book related, would you guys like a video where I tour my Disney room/collection? 
If you care at all for movies being affordable you will not buy a subscription to Disney’s streaming service. Boycott #DisneyPlus 
20 Deleted Concepts From Disney Movies They Didn't Want You To See 
20 Deleted Concepts From Disney Movies They Didn't Want You To See Disney has experience… 
From my experience (on the Disney ride...so valid) the two have similar temperaments. 
 Netflix, Disney to Be Complementary, TECHnalysis Research Says Via 
As someone who began going to Disney the first year… 
Deck out in Disney tomorrow!! 
Check out NWT Disney Store Minnie Mouse Baby Bodysuit Long Sleeve Tutu Costume Dress Up  vi… 
Copyright law before Disney. 
What a marvelous achievement, deserves a free ticket to Disney land. 
New owner. Ask Disney. 
I’d rather see Laika have a crack at it but I’ll take a solid Disney film of it please and thank you. 
11 Disney+ Originals We Already Stan 
You know the French..always surrendering..POW now here’s a bunch of photos of me on a baller vaca with… 
Star wars looks kinda stupid. Disney let this film die, You have killed it since you took ownership. And you people… 
Man people in Disney groups (ie fucking boomers) are so nasty and don’t deserve any device connected to the interne… 
This reminds me of classic #Disney, before the dark times, before the empire... 
Please reconsider this gif. It is harmful to people… 
I’m now on Twitter as come follow me for updates on my latest art and when I go live #art #disney #drawing #artists 
Raise prices by 30% in 12 months.Remove a large chunk of popular movies.Lose your most popular original series… 
Can't roll with it, VII was a rehash, VIII was a bust. (2 out of 3 fails is bad odds) but I'm sure Di… 
I used to work for Disney, so it’s literally my life. You should see my Disney Room! 
I swear only Disney taught me how to cure a brain freeze 
We do use it; problem is… 
Disney already told us who is the culprit in 1997. 
Finally done.  Would have finished Sunday night but you know...  #GoT and #work  my favorite Disney  cockroach is… 
#SolarPower: This Ma ... 
I read endgame spoilers. I couldn’t help myself, it’s honestly nothing TOOhuge though. But I won’t post a single thing about them 
plz make a kuzco live action and call this guy I'm always amazed when I see him cosplaying it 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: DISNEY Little mermaid shirt. via #shopmycloset 
Galactic Soda! Coca-Cola Debuts Custom Bottles for New Star Wars Land at Disney World 
Marvel's Disney+ spin-offs will intersect with the MCU "in a very big way" 
Disney unveils price, launch date for big streaming push   #businessNews On April 12, 
When I ran the Disney World marathon in January, I heard a handful of “MIZ” chants. I tried respond… 
SPOILER ALERT!!!#AvengersEngame is NOT the end to the #MCU because #SpiderMan… 
It will be interesting to see what the SEC decides is suitable disclosure for Disney+, App… 
Not sure if that costume is Disney approved. 
What if all the main Disney animals were all sized according to their real counterparts. 
17yr Nflx customer here: The Highwaymen (it’s plural) was fine as a movie (would watch something li… 
That’s so crazy 
Disney obviously knew this #PineappleTeacher was visiting. #edchat #teacherlife #disney 
True but fallout doesn’t have these huge movie franchises as well. And they don’t have a company like Dis… 
Maleficent Painting Disney Fan Art Graffiti Painting Queer Art Disney Graffiti Click now $29.00… 
Realizing I need to binge watch Gravity Falls before it gets locked in the Disney+ vault. 
Critics Pick the Best Alternative Streaming Platforms Beyond Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon 
Spring is here and we want to send you to Disney in style with the our Bambi Inspired gift set or $900 PayPal cash… 
Apple&amp;apos;s TV Box Will Probably Get Disney+, Despite Rival Platform   #WallSt On April 11, 
More info about Disney Plus’ flagship Star Wars series ‘The 
im in disney world &amp; ended up with strep throat, i thought disney world was supposed to be the happiest place on earth???? 
Actually I’ve never been to Disney World, I just thought ice cream sounded good. 
i would like to make a claim that the lion king 2: simba’s pride is the best disney sequel 
Heading to #DisneyParks for spring break? Check out these tips for doing it with younger children!… 
Disney better stay the fuck away from my favorite part of Star Wars before they tear it to shreds too.… 
I didn't expect to defend this one Disney classic so much, but I did. It's done. haha You'll be seeing which one soon enough. 
New Orleans, Louisiana 
"Ad:" Disney Marvel Ant-Man and The Wasp Figurine Set **BRAND NEW**  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Planet Hulk | Disney Exclusive |Thor Ragnarok NEW Sealed Figure  Flyi… 
Disney dad thinking that was dynamite dropping in. Bitch that… 
So. Here's the live action disney hades. Yeah. 
OH MY GOD AHHHHHH 
do people go to disney just to take pics or what 
Oliver I watched the leaks and I can tell you know.... Whoa, when they had Mickey Mouse Show up wi… 
#DisneyStore Exclusive #SpiderMan With Spider Mobile Playset Available Once 
Phantom Of The Dosshouse ships internationally#phantomoftheopera #disney #hunchbackofnotredame #notredame #lusky… 
Disney + will not release all the chapters of The Mandalorian at the same time 
Disneynature's Penguins Soundtrack by Harry Gregson-Williams Amazon Digital (UK): 
Thinking since Fox was bought by Disney we may nee… 
Disney+ Investor Day Demo 
Loved having you there. I had a blast at my first celebration. Thanks for making it great 
For what its worth, I was really proud of you when you got that job at disney and I’m proud of you now as well  
You're forgetting Disney and Lucasfilm didn't even have a plan for Star Wars. JJ Ab… 
Hi pretty lady - we are planning to explore more places in/around my husband's new post and a fun Disn… 
I disagree.  Ten years ago I did 1-5 on plastic, plus all other expenses, paying cards in full when statement arriv… 
This is so cute!  Winnie the Pooh is one of my favorite Disney characters. 
Why choose the popcorn or peanuts over Easter eggs ??!!  #dumbo 
Disney listened to fan complaints 
The series is the perfect solution for anyone who is squeamish about the sight of an animal eating an… 
Ahh can’t wait to watch this! Booktube and Disney the two loves of my life  
Our latest video is about Disney character designer and storyteller Joe Grant who goes underappreciated for his dec… 
BUY THE FREAKING GALLAGHER GIRL SERIES FROM ALLY CARTER AND DISNEY YOU COWARDS 
I threw up at Disney World today. Get on my level. 
I have a love/hate thing with Disney. Why do they always have to kill, injure or degrade a charact… 
I really miss seeing new 2D animated Disney films :/ 
I’ll hand deliver my payment for a one-year subscription for #DisneyPlus if they finally green light the… 
Not a Marvel fan, but for the sake of the people who are, PLEASE #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
The only way I could see that happening is if Comcast sells a stake… 
I need that original Oliver and Company on VHS. Top 5 Disney movies...maybe top 7. 
why do you think this is okay?? This is going to give people night terrors! 
One thing working at Disney taught me: how to move around on a moving vehicle without eating it.  
It’s not my kind of movie but just comparing it to other Disney movie it’s probably bottom tier 
Please tell me I’m not the only one who listens to musical/Disney/animation soundtracks to calm down? 
Disney is killin' me! I haven't seen 'Dumbo' yet and now 'The Lion King'? One of my all-time faves!!#WaltDisney… 
Although extreme diehard Star Wars nerds flip shit over this, I actually appreciate Lucasfilm's decision to make ev… 
THE HAIR, THE OUTFIT, THE DISNEY CAROUSEL I AM VERY ATTACKED RIGHT NOW 
In terms of Disney movies standards it is trash 
Everything you need to know about the Disney+ streaming service 
I for one am happy that Disney bought out HBO and contracted George Lucas to direct the… 
Disney has bad characters 
Once Fox became Disney, the parade of characters began. Never Trumpers own now. 
Movies are one of my favorite things. Theater experiences are so important to me. It's why I am a courteous viewer.… 
Some of the Disney character cast are really amazing. They make people's day, multiple t… 
They took a nose dive once Disney swallowed FOX 
Netflix Nears 150M Subs, Shrugs Off New Competition From Disney, Apple | Light Reading via 
I did. And I'm gonna see Endgame and Star Wars and Toy Story 4 and all the Disney r… 
Disney Springs Highlights Easter Choices 
Rarely movies become more haunting with time, but now this Disney villains song is made far more sinister 
Disney and the Future of TV – Stratechery by Ben Thompson 
Netflix says it's not worried about Disney or Apple encroaching on its turf — there's plenty of growth to go around… 
Thank you so much! Now we only need… 
I watched! I learned a lot I didn’t know about Lou. I got nostalgic about the Disney special too! That’… 
WTF, now we’re getting lectured on political correctness by Netflix??  Disney+ is sounding better to… 
How every movie is going to start in 2035, after #Disney buys the entire film industry.from: Disspointedfacesss… 
hm sdds disney/cartoon/nickelodeon/disney xd OLD 
Welcome to the family, thesimpsons. #DisneyPlus #repost Brisbane, Queensland, Australia 
I liked it! It was good. Not as good as the Disney Mirror, Mirror one. But it was still good. 
“BREAKING” Someone can eat pizza at Disney parks  
It’s more likely that Disney mobilized against you. I read an article that said they were ready for trolls with Cptn Marvel. 
Fox News is the new Adult Disney Channel, fox and friends is changing their name to Mickey's Clubhouse and friends. 
Hey don’t me to annoying, but I was just curious about when we find out about the winners of the Disney song bracket challenge? 
I got a starbucks frapp from a super redneck bait n tackle store at the marina not knowing it was a month expired t… 
Except I didn't finish Sonny With A Chance and I regret not doing it when I could. Stupid Disney shows yo… 
Do it. I'll send you my "How to do Disney" tips! 
Netflix Stock Falls After Disney+ Presentation 
YUP. Put that one in the old "Disney Vault" and threw away the key. 
robby ray the mechanic that eats children and goes to Disney world 
Here is picture of a fun project we printed for one of our long-term clients. This is a decorated door on a Disney… 
OH THANK GOODNESS 
Can’t afford.  Only for the wealthy.  Thanks Disney!!!!! 
I got ""Back to December""!This Quiz Will Tell You Which Taylor Swift Song Describes Your Love Life… 
New video on a specific Disney show tomorrow! Guess which one you think it is! 
We are giving away tons of Disney on Ice tickets at Henry T’s in Topeka! Get here before 7 for your chance to win! 
Not just the change from… 
is tapping into the magic of solar. They say their new solar array can generate enough power to… 
Disney+ Originals We Already Stan #TVGuide #EvanTheShow 
Captain EO isn't a Disney princess?  
No, but I’ve always wanted to since that Disney movie and I’ve been forever in awe of its beauty, whic… 
We can deliver superhero-sized smiles to hospitalized kids with this $1M donation! Thanks… 
Awesome I have over 100 VCRs tapes mostly Disney... Ironically even Labyrinth on B… 
LW was on Saturday night and WWof Disney on Sunday nights 
I hate to be a negative person, but... "Something to look at does" not equal movie or show on Disney+.Besides, as… 
#ComingSoon Live-Action #Disney 
Disney is fina kill the game come November.......every season of The Simpson's.........Malcom In The Middle.....alo… 
are you moonlighting in the Frozen singalong at Disney? I did a BIG double take!  
I admit it... Ive seen the #endgameleaked footage. If anything, im more keen to give and my… 
There's only a hand full of places that could have that. One press stop in South Korea s… 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame SEM SPOILERS! 
To fucking late you should of just released at the same time wtf now I know what happens thanks for ruining… 
Bought and taken over Disney. 
The marketing of the game. The game’s intent and original interest was bringing Square characters an… 
Disney's been doing it for ages. And if it's good enough for Disney... I dunno? 
I’m one of the fundamentalists who thinks IV-VI were canon &amp; even directors’ cuts w… 
What is the best place for the first date? — Disney world or Paris. More realistic dinner and a hockey game 
SO SOON!!!!! I thought it was June. And at a decent hour too! 
"Ad:" FANTASY PIN Disney Ariel The Little Mermaid Smiling LE50 Pin  FlyingTreasures 
I want to go to Disney so bad 
Disney Star Wars 
You've got until midnight tonight to register! 
so in a nutshell, two Italian boys goes to Disney Land just having the the time of their lives while t… 
Disney Licensed COCO Sling Drawstring backpack Tote Bag w/ Small Wallet (black2) Review 
I used to think Chicken Little was alright for whatever budget the producers hadbut then I found out it… 
I didn't want the OT characters in the ST, actually. I thought they were too old and washed up. Disn… 
I got ""Oh, What A World""!Your Late Night Food Preferences Will Tell Us Which Kacey Musgraves Song You Are… 
The coolest thing happened! I get to tell someone who watches my videos they are going to Disney world ! Could be you, watch out 
disney tas cancelado por no poner a zayn como aladdin 
I got: 5 of 9Only A True Pixar Expert Can Spot These Easter Eggs 
I think the Catholic Church can afford to rebuild it. 
love the #dreambigprincess BUT where is the #dreambighero my daughter is encouraged to reach for the stars… 
I was hoping to score access to the auditorium for the TPM panel just so I could be that… 
I got "Rosie!"!Which "Mamma Mia" Lady Are You? 
Imagine being obsessed with Disney as an adult......can’t relate. 
I got "Betty Cooper"!Plan A "Riverdale" Episode And We'll Assign You A Character 
Today only! Minnie or Mickey Easter Plush $8.99 (reg. $14.99) Minnie- 
Disney+ putting you fucking idiots out of business can't come soon enough. 
"Ad:" DISNEY Ursula as Vanessa from the Little Mermaid YOYO chibi pop fantasy pin LE50  F… 
After the tragedy in Paris, gay gamers rushed to re-watch Disney's classic The Hunchback of Notre Dame. 
I just saw that the Notre Dame Cathedral burned... I already got like 10 jokes lined up, and a Disney reference. Is that bad? 
#News Disney+'s rave reviews put pressure on Apple #BreakingNews #usatoday 
Please do it! More Vlogs= More adventures to share with out big happy Disney family 
I’m seriously debating being very impulsive and signing up for the Disney Marathon Weekend Dopey Challenge. I’ve… 
And on top of all of this? Even before Apple and Disney have arrived, they are gaining viewers more slowly than expected. 
Well now Fox News will become part of the Fake News Network. How very sad and dismaying. Maybe Disney should have s… 
I will not be surprised if ‘Knights of the Old Republic’ becomes a Disney+ series. 
I know and I love it. I meant specifically Disney themselves 
On top of all this, the hottest content on Netflix isn't owned by Netflix. All the Star Wars movies? All the Marvel… 
Netflix investor isn't worried about Disney, Apple streaming services - CNBC 
Why Netflix doesn’t have to worry about Disney+ - Yahoo Finance 
Disney's plan for the theme park of streaming services - Axios 
If you invested $1,000 in Disney 10 years ago, here's what you'd have now - CNBC 
Conservatives Seize Moment in Streaming War with Release of Biblical Series, ‘The 
If Apple TV+ fails…If Amazon Prime Video fails…If Disney+ fails…If Netflix streaming fails… 
My utterly uninformed expectation is that Loki is *not* coming back in ENDGAME, and that the Disney+ Loki series will be set pre-MCU. 
Suuuuuper cuuuuuute! 
Mickey Donald and Goofy are Disney characters and not just names that are a similar creatu… 
I just don't see the $DIS Streaming service as a direct competitor to $NFLX. I just don't. I see it as an appetizer… 
Yeah, Paramount never owned Marvel Studios. They bought the rights to distribute the films, but Marvel Studios were… 
Thanks, Kathleen! Thanks for taking the time to share and gi… 
Love this..i’m a special ed teacher and several of my students (one in October and one in November) got… 
Netflix says it's not worried about Disney or Apple encroaching on its turf - CNBC 
No, "fans" do not want that. SOME fans want that, and fans often do not understand what will make fo… 
So, is and suing the shit out of whoever pirated Endgame? 
#license2diva #l2d #NBC##NIGHTMAREBEFORECHRISTMAS#MOODRING #disney 
Check out DISNEY NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS OFFICIAL MOOD RING NBC JACK SKELLINGTON SIZE 7 #Disney via 
$NFLX $DIS $AAPL:Netflix Isn’t Afraid of Disney or Apple — Here’s 
When #TheMandalorian was announced, I was mostly "meh" despite the names attached to the project. Having seen the l… 
Thank you, Miller Family, for hosting a fun proclamation party for wish kid Saphire! Saphire was greeted by her fav… 
Is Going to Take Over #disney #hulu 
Disney out here working overtime to force my anticipation. It's not working. Spoil away.  #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
Clear skies over Disney Wilderness Preserve marks the first time the AOP has collected DSNY cloud f… 
Disney can afford it shit 
I'm as scared of Disney as much as I love it. 
I bet the only way he knows it is from Disney's Hunchback. He rooted for Frollo. 
Disney Bans Smoking, Stroller Wagons, and Ice at Theme Parks - - #World 
perhaps your young mind just perceived the beginning and ending credits separating the shows within t… 
SHE IS A DISNEY PRINCESS  
Check out what I found. Liu jo Disney Mickey Mouse Violet Long Sleeve Girls 11-12 YO Sequin Jumper Top via 
Press the button or disney will remake movies every year instead! #TSUQueerYA 
If you like or hit me up 
You got it aoc!  Just push that old meany down. I love you. Your the most admired by… 
The Simpsons are coming to NEW streaming service. This is GREAT! #TheSimpsons #DisneyPlus 
Yep! The rumors r heavy about this one. Sadly the music is gone as mumblings that coasters is getting a redo. Will… 
Here’s an idea Disney: how about instead of making live action movies, you just remake animated movies scene for sc… 
Join us at Henry T's TODAY for delicious food and a chance to win Disney on Ice: Frozen 
Decided to watch Disney’s “Hunchback of #NotreDame” for the first time in years in honor of the beloved cathedral,… 
That time that #cruelladevil taught me how to swagger.  #disney #disneygram #disneylife #instadisney #disneylove… 
Krei is my favorite character will we get to see even more of him this season? 
Is it really worth waiting for? Probably not. #DisTechPro #Disney #WDW #WaltDisneyWorld #DisneyWorld #MagicKingdom 
“But... but... how can this kind of foreshadowing exist when Disney are just making it up as they go?!” - Some Du… 
Disney World! 
What's going to happen to #RyanReynolds' #Deadpool now that #Disney has acquired #Fox? and the plan is to reboot everything. 
Every original show coming to Disney+, plus everything else you need to know 
A Hoppin’ Information to Easter Choices at Disney Springs 
It's wild how low the bar is for big companies like Disney to provide opportunities for poc creators and actors to… 
WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK did I just read here If you want to be bought by shi… 
Disney+&amp;apos;s Splashy Entrance Dazzles Investors   #WallSt On April 15, 
SVP of #Marketing at Disney Channel Worldwide, going out with a  at #TheCoachingEffect Summit. 
Say what you want about Disney, but they really know how to train people to interact with the public. 
"Ad:" Nap Queen Princess T-Shirt Series - Disney Fanmade Fantasy Pin  FlyingTreasures 
On your rest day,  how much time would you spend between resort hopping and visiting Disney Spring… 
Twitter for iphone desde disney. Y S I 
  Exclusive: US Video Personal Finance - Buy Disney on the dips, says Jeff Tomasulo $SPY… 
Oh yeah! Disney owns some of RL Stine ip. Can’t wait for the theme park ride. 
Celebrating Easter at Walt Disney World? Here's what's happening over at Disney Springs. Brunch at Wine Bar George… 
Walt Disney World Offers Replace on Skyliner Gondola System 
Expect changes to Streaming Content Ecosystem with AT&amp;T selling its share in Hulu and Disney gaining control. Share… 
Not me mate.... but to be fair... most people only know the Disney cartoon! 
As Disney bought fox, I want a new season of firefly 
Go to Disney world for me hehe 
Honestly I have no reason to care about the 312th live action disney remake this week. 
Disney plus...Me tientan, omg. 
9 Ways to Make Your Disney Cruise Line Vacation Even Better — for Free (Video) 
Check out Vans Disney SK8 Hi Reissue MICKEY &amp; FRIENDS High Top Men's Size 10 Sneakers #VANS via 
I just received this gorgeous review copy of Thomas Kinkade’s Disney Princess Coloring Book ready to frame oversize… 
Lmaoo I’m a chill I don’t want Disney on my back  
Babygirl is finally going to experience Disney World  
my favorite rollercoaster at disney world is the peoplemover 
Talk about taking a useless stance. I'd be more worried… 
Yeah, TCW is Disney canon, so it doesn't apply to the conversation at all  It's wrong… 
Netflix seems unfazed by Disney and Apple amid huge quarter 
And Fox now that Disney owns them. There are about 6 good anchors left. 
Idk how I can look so mean when I’m walking as if I’m not listening to Disney soundtracks 
Authentic S925 Disney Classic Mickey Pendant Charm "Brand New" Sterling Silver via 
Netflix Not Concerned With New Streaming Services Coming From Apple and Disney 
(Literally) flying into the Cedar Street Playhouse this summer is the hit Broadway musical adaptation of the classi… 
Authentic 925 Disney Disney Piglet Charm Sterling Silver via 
A great talk for workplace leaders! “That’s the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up. They forget.… 
Disney  
Do you know some one who needs some galactic choking? #starwars #darthvader #art #disney #marvel #memes #jedi… 
Once the Disney fox deal is finished and X Men gets redone it will be 100x better than ever 
Tree Lights #photography #blackandwhite #bw #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast #monochrome… 
We all can learn so much from how Disney trains its cast members to serve and communicate with children with specia… 
Play the Disney " when you wish upon a star" at subliminal levels during the pitch? 
Translation: It's very worried about Disney and Apple encroaching on its turf. 
We have Star Wars collectibles at #starwars #darthvader #art #disney #marvel #memes #jedi… 
now that Disney owns FOX, could you please put the FOX fanfare &amp; logo at the beginning of Star Wars IX? It’s greatly missed. 
Netflix, Which Now Has 148.9 Million Subscribers, Is ‘Excited’ to Compete With Apple and Disney 
Man Disney has their hands in everything 
hi, i'm vi and you're watching my life in chaos! *disney channel theme music* 
and the Mirror has a piece about this.  I am American, Lutheran,but I cried yesterday because ND is fa… 
I loved this dudes happiness there. Still fucking hate TLJ though and all the bullshit around it from the Disney employees 
$NFLX $AAPL $DIS:Netflix says it’s not worried about Disney or Apple encroaching on its 
Is Disney racist for not giving free entry to migrants? 
Black Panther made double that. Guess those millions of feminists Disney c… 
Will we ever get the other Hulks? She Hulk? Red Hulk, Red She Hulk? Will we ever get Rick Jones?!   Can we? How str… 
stop messing up my childhood! 
I don't know how much you're particularly into Disney, but be interested to hear what you think about th… 
If Disney does a live-action "Pinocchio" I want the scene where he turns into a donkey to be like a fifteen-minute… 
A New Hawkeye Series is Being Developed for Disney+ 
We’re getting our first look at the inside of the Disney Skyliner gondolas and their “passive ventilation technolog… 
hanna the florist that makes spells and goes to Disney world 
The 3rd and 4th Music Program is tonight. "Disney, The Movies and Music."  The greenhouse will be open for sales. S… 
Getting Disney+ just for The Mandalorian 
BIG HERO 6: THE SERIES for Season 3 at Disney Channel ahead of Season 2 premiere on May 6 #TV 
Kevin Feige On The Future Of The MCU And How Disney+ Will Be Part of it #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #MCU… 
Disney Channel Powers Up ‘Big Hero 6’ Season 3 Order - 
I'm watching the leaked footage. I will not watch racist Captain Marvel. I'll wait for fans… 
So yeah with CloneWars Season 7 coming out can bring back Clone Wars Adventures cause that was my childho… 
Disney XD or every single streaming service 
Hi Whiskey and Disney ! Thanks for following rockfleet on Twitter! 
I heard Disney bought Fox. 
Got it signed. Now where’s the one to get Craig as head of all Disney? 
Netflix falls on earnings. Cites Disney and Apple streaming services for lowering guidance.#Netflix #Disney… 
On this week's One Up Me #disney comes to consoles and more. 
Disney taking over 
"Ad:" Comics: GOLD KEY WALT DISNEY LOT (2) COMIC'S RARE 1970'S MOBY DUCK DONALD HUEY  Fly… 
Your still watching Disney. 
lolz at people who think Disney and Universal actually want to sell 1 Day /1 Park Tickets...You're simply missing the strategy 
Can this idiot do Disney now? 
Jack-Jack Crhome Incredibles 2 $11990#jackjack #incredibles2 #disneypixar #disney #pop #funkopop #popart… 
Or that Christianity is still the largest religion in the world so naturally more Christians care. There’s also a D… 
Disney owns Fox and its gonna be a circus everyday. 
Lmao what if Vince got Walter on smackdown and called him Walt and his gimmick was a Walt Disney fan by naming all… 
#StarWars' fans get 1st look at #TheMandalorian' series coming to Disney+ 
Disney owns Fox. Get your credentials examined thoroughly. 
Will Disney ever bring back Toontown? 
Disney, i miss you #NewProfilePic 
By selling its Hulu stake, AT&amp;T leaves the streaming service in the hands of Disney and Comcast. The two rivals nee… 
LEGO Disney Series 2 Collectible Minifigures (71024) Review 
12TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
I wouldn’t have guessed that would happen in a shot-for-shot remake that casuals and movie critics… 
Totally agree with your train of thought. I will miss actors like F… 
The creative restrictions placed on Capcom certainly were. Hopefully Disney &amp; Mar… 
Can Teen Disney Fans Guess Disney Movies Described By Kids?: vía 
You better be getting Disney + and watching some as it’s even funny today... 
A company's culture needs to be preserved. We as #shareholders can do this through our annual votes.My goal in li… 
Very simple reason: Liberal, twisted Disney is their majority sh… 
Fox was also purchased by Disney. 
Singing Quakers to present A Wonderful World, a night of Broadway, pop and Disney at Symphony of Spring 
Whiney bitches hate the truth, and they’re cowards. That’s why not a single one would… 
The Skyliner is coming soon as a new transportation option at the Walt Disney World Resort.  Check out this super c… 
Oops, sorry I misunderstood. I was too gorked out on cough medicine this year to remember you wishe… 
for Disney Villain! 
From Disney 
All you saying your not gonna watch just makes the rating go up more so kee… 
It's so nice to have a helping hand! D03: Southeast manager, Guy Fausnaught, came out to help the field science cre… 
every picture taylor has been posting look like the disney princess costumes i used to wear when i was four or five 
Honestly, I wish I had considered writing and submitting to the Extended Universe before Disney bou… 
I love your Disney vlogs! 
Disney’s parks are truly wonderful with children with disabilities. Others could learn from them. One of… 
Thanks to Disney, Paul Ryan and the new liberal fox leadership. By November fox will be no different than CNN 
If you invested $1,000 in Disney 10 years ago, here's what you'd have now - CNBC $DIS #Disney #Disneyland  
 I hope that your streaming service will have audio description the same as  as a blind person it… 
Choose!  Favorite bunny... #Easter #poll #polls #polloftheday #Disney #cartoons #movies 
I had a link for the leaked Avengers: Endgame footage and in less than 5 mins it was disabled.... Disney ain’t F**kin around  
Well maybe the Dems love it because Disney another leftist organization now owns Fox News !! 
Do you have any Disney bandaids or lidocaine gel? 
A New 'Star Wars' Trailer, 'Game of Thrones' Returns, and More 
Guys we need to all tweet with #DoraemonGang to save doraemon on Disney XD 
He'd doesn't take his job seriously and prepared for the 2017 probowl (that he didn't get invited to las… 
The story was fine, the combat is, not my favorite. I'm just not a big Disney fan. I totally respect t… 
Shep Smith is a paid puppet shill with a spray tan. He’s a disgrace and I can’t believe Fox renewed his contract. W… 
I wanna go to Disney 
This week on Chit Chat Money- $Disney+ Unveiling- Corporate Beef &amp; $AMZN's privacy problem- Panasonic won't hel… 
My thoughts exactly. Cheaper than Disney. 
I really hope they get their own buddy, road trip comedy series on Disney+ 
[WATCH] Kevin Smith Share ‘Star Wars’ Theory About ‘Rise Of Skywalker’ - LucasfilmStar Wars has always been a hav… 
He mistakenly meant disney..They have been doing alot behind the scenes,, including possibly illegal monopolizing.. 
See?  You really CAN make anything metal if you try hard enough.  Although this particular Disney song didn't need… 
Now all we need is the Marvel VS Capcom Collection... Something that will only… 
He's the Sora of final fantasy, visiting other games instead of Disney movies and I'm all about that 
J J Abrams: so I know most people big complaint is that the new movies are he same story as the originals, First Or… 
i really forget bella thorne was a disney channel baby lol yikes 
Five Lessons From The Digital Frontier With Walmart, Disney And Amazon). Two Winners Only. 
Yeah is Disney still part of this? Yeah ok im not falling for this. It will suck just like everything els… 
My dad is having a lot of fun at Disney world 
I was at Disney last week lolll 
Imma be watching this video in the line for Tower of Terror in Disney world. If that isn’t dedication, idk what is 
When Disney owns everything 
 Is it very neutral to jump on an unrelated post and start advocating for Disney? C… 
I think wanted to let everyone know that even though the building has been damaged all our friends are safe… 
Lemonade Mouth was one of the most under appreciated Disney channel films + music !!! 
Alice doesn't like back talk from the Rabbit.Model: Edited by: me#cosplay… 
How To Save Money On Your Disney Cruise via #travel #TravelTuesday  #Disney 
I did literally just say that I'm not the one denying two canons.Getting Disney|Lu… 
Showed him ohtze's meta. 'I've said as much before but that's what makes it garbage. Also, anyone could be labeled… 
The current canon--DisCanon, nuCanon--doesn't have an "Expanded Universe." Their ext… 
"Ad:" Comics: RARE Dell Mar 1951 Walt Disney's Comics Volume 11, #6 Donald Duck 10 Cents 126… 
In the first year after its launch, Disney+ will include 7,500 episodes of current &amp; off-air TV shows; 25 original… 
Sorry, #Solo fans -- "nobody" wanted that movie, and "everyone" wants an Obi-wan movie instead. It was only made be… 
they gonna see this and send you to that creepy pasta disney prison thing 
Pluto and Mickey Mouse #DisneyPin on #ebay: #Disney 
My whole face is numb so it’s time to drink some starbs and watch a Disney movie  
Don't say that! ... You'll have Disney after me : D 
was thinking of THX1138 while listening to a tech podcast and realized how prescient that film is. Di… 
Great read on the changing of TV and potential future of content distribution. Disney and the Future of TV 
Not including the fac… 
Man I'm ready to go to Disney World .... 
We’ll work backwards.… 
Disney's got like control over Nintendo anyway 
Live Trivia will cure what  ails you, especially when you wash it down with a beer or two!Tonight’s Hint: Disney… 
If you care about $DIS ... you gotta read this.The Disney narrative is dead. Long live the Disney narrative! New… 
Disney character actors are simply amazing!  
Hades in any format (but mostly Disney)Captain Hook in the Peter Pan universeRumpelsti… 
I totally agree! I always thought The Yuuzhan Vong War (NJO) and Jacen Solo's fall to the Dark Side… 
Twitter for iPhone desde Disney 
Definite love this song, &amp; SO happy you got a solo. But I have to admit that I See the Light… 
Approximately 70% of people at Disney World are wearing cringey white people t-shirts. 
The only* thing I care about is the #Loki stand alone series, and I will subscribe just for it.  
But it will only be a replica. Something that could be constructed at Disney World.Not to sound sour but what is gone - is gone 
Kevin Feige: Marvel’s Disney+ Series to ‘Intersect’ With MCU Movies in A ‘Very Big Way’ 
Wishing I was back Great #promotions and #sales happening now! Message me for #FREE #Disney #vacation… 
Are you completely un… 
Since #women were little girls, they’ve heard things from their family, church, Disney movies, and society in gener… 
Disney Store Exclusive The Muppets Animal The Drummer Plush Toy 17  Tall Doll via 
the only Disney live-action I will NEVER watch... what the hell is this  
Good. Remake shouldn't exist. 
Halfs are fun and very doable. I've done five and Disney is a fantastic choice. Flat and fast. 
I don't know whether they are going to continues it but it's going to go on Hulu. They wan… 
is legitimately a Prince &amp; you can disagree but you'd be wrong. #QueerEye 
I’ve entered in all… 
Disney returns to Neverland, where valuations are based on market share and dominance of an emerging industry, and… 
2 Disney visitors injured getting off and on rides at Magic Kingdom, state report says - Apr 16 2:31 PM ET  
Thank you both for all that you have done with this podcast. I know that it must have been a big t… 
Basically, nothing from Disney Star Wars has been THAT great. So I sided more with the subversive m… 
Yeah I wonder that too with 
I'm curious if we will ever see the President of France on any episodes- we see the mayor - but not… 
hopefully Disney+ gets this. Hulu seems to have some but not all episodes whenever I try to watch. 
This could be a new Emoji blitz game...#AvengersEndgame 
So randomly saw some winter fashion in the shops yesterday... And a disturbing amount of Adult tops had Disney char… 
Seriously have to read through these texts from lasts night paired with Disney  princesses... Changed... #laughter… 
A new Marvel game might be coming to Disney and Lenovo’s augmented reality headset 
Brett and Martha tiptoed with Bernie. After all, Disn… 
$DIS $NFLX:Disney Firms Up Its Grip on Hulu; Now 
I love Netflix, interesting stuff on it, but Hulu better get… 
Did you hear the big news?! We just added a can't miss workshop to the #CCExpo agenda. Join former Disney Institute… 
Kids Disney Clothing Sale starting at $3.20 via Kohl’s=&gt; 
Which is better? Disneyland or Disney World? 
Do you think once all rights and trademarks are resolved with Marvel, do you think Disney plans on… 
There's 40 of them? Jesus Marvel, give it a rest. 
Rappers call for firing of Fox News' Laura Ingraham after Nipsey Hussle segment via ⁦… 
just remembered disney owns pixar 
We had amazing seats super close when we took our 7 year old to see Taylor Swift last year. After the… 
I’ve done just abou… 
That’s how you described Netflix when y’all were discussing Disney+ 
This pretty much being a hint at Marvel's #DisneyPlus new s… 
$ROKU $DIS $NFLX:Roku Gets a Boost From Needham Note Saying Disney+ Will Be a 
Worst mistake in tv show history! Killing off iconic character Riggs in season 2.… 
Y'all really be asking for niggas in disney fairy tails hey 
Who Wants to Go To Disney ?Best Photo Wins It All 
The closest thing that comes to mind is Song of the South being the driving IP behind Splash Mountain e… 
Ariel Eau De Toilette Spray with Free Collectible Charm By Disney Only $10.89. USD 
Disney should cast him in the  live action of the little mermaid!  I would definitely watc… 
Disney Netflix Westworld 
This is news to me but ICP was once signed by Disney lmao 
Yeah it’s hard but I saw some people posting about Disney removing vide… 
Check out NEW Just Dance: Disney Party 2 for Nintendo Wii, Factory Sealed  via 
From the rumor mill Disney bought FOX and they are as left as can be.. so no surprise's there. 
#thehustle = #dirtyrottenscoundrels Remake after remake after remake. Hollywood, don’t take tips from Disney...… 
This is a poem I wrote for Harry Anderson soon after he died!For HarryThank you making me laugh and smile.I w… 
Until the end of 2021 Disney's roll-out for Disney+ is definitely not hap… 
These live action remakes by taking it a bit far with the Hunchback of Notre-Dame one 
Same for friends. I had one who didn’t like th… 
I told Kyle I could talk about Disney+ for a solid hour and he obliged 
When are you going back to WDW?  If you could bring back one attraction to Disney World what would it be and why?  
Her final role was Laverne the gargoyle in The Hunchback of Notre Dame in 1996. 
"Ad:" Alice in Wonderland Cheshire Cat Fantasy Pin LE 52/75 HTF VHTF Disney Flowers 3D  F… 
Everyone need to take note that Hannah is slaying Disney right now 
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix To Win The Streaming Wars 
#Nanotech News: Disney Plus a Netflix killer? Actually, it's Apple's headache now     - CNET 
Make's no sense... MLB is on Disney Channel, And there Princesses Love Handsome Princes and they Date Them but what… 
This weeks episode willpeak your interest! We talk Star Wars new trailer. Plus discuss Disney Plus and it’s content… 
Disney bought Fox! 
Do you love #snowwhite or #theevilqueen like me?! Another #handpainted purse on my Etsy shop!...#disney… 
Disney Nature films are seriously the best  
TWITTER FOR IPHONE DESDE DISNEY  ??????? 
Cinderella Blue Sparkle Hair Piece Bow Disney Princess via 
Disney Plus a Netflix killer? Actually, it's Apple's headache now - CNET 
I love how all the actor's see how stupid it is. It's the best they see what Disney Rian and other fans a… 
The shell-abration has begun! Shop the Disney x Roxy Girl collection. #littlemermaid30th 
First Worldwide Meals &amp; Drink Fest Spices Up Shanghai Disney Resort 
Exactly. Why throw good money after bad? If Disney ever actually launches their streaming service,… 
Knowing your a Simpsons fan ,wanted to make sure you were aware Disney+ is going to have all episodes a… 
Please consider letting me be your disney travel agent  
Everybody hyped for EndGame and I’m like BRING ON THE MOTHER LOVIN’ DISNEY PENGUIN DOC!!!#DisneynaturePenguins 
People need to start asking for blockbusters that are big AND good, all of the trashy Disney humo… 
Can't wait to chat with everyone about Disneybounding and about the Disney Renaissance!!! So much fun! 
Magic Kingdom speaker #photography #blackandwhite #bw #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
Disney Takes On Netflix With New Streaming Services via 
In celebration of Telecommunicators Week, our Dispatchers are doing a Disney Day! There are not enough words out th… 
#netflix investor isn’t worried about Disney, #apple streaming services — #netflix is ‘future of film’… 
give me ideas for more Disney bounding outfits, what characters am I like? 
So true, which is exactly what I'm feeling. Heck, I was crying last night and this mornin… 
Also got v mad because I need time to buy Disney “costumes” and new Minnie Mouse eats this bitch is going to be dre… 
When you’re pregnant, this is heaven.  #hotfudgesundae #pregnancycravings #babyfood #goingtobeasbigasawalrus… 
I so want to see #DarkPhoenix and #TheNewMutants. Both look to be very nicely packaged up to wrap up t… 
That's right,  is now owned by Disney.. all the animals in the fo… 
Stark reunites with Peter and gives him a hug-Carol gets the short hair she has in recent comics, and Peter Parke… 
Big scene with all the Avengers, including Wasp, the Guardians, Spider-Man, vs Thanos and a revived Black Order. It… 
Sam is the first dusted avenger to come back, we hear him say to Steve “On Your Left,” then we see T’challa and Shu… 
Are these the right moves to be coming from 
Hulk tried to wield the Stark gauntlet, but it appears to be too powerful for him.-Steve dual wields his shield a… 
Thor is living with Korg and Miek, getting drunk and not caring about what happened. Hulk and Rocket go to get him… 
disney is the cure 
All the discussion about the new Disney Villians game makes me want to work on my otome/josei-muke panel... but I d… 
Hey When are we going to get X-Men The Animated Series on Blu-Ray? 
TBH  Disney Channel albums :   kiss and tell -Selena Gomez   Camp rock one and two High school… 
$DIS $AAPL $CMCSA:Netflix investor isn’t worried about Disney, Apple streaming services — Netflix is 
-Scott, Hulk, Steve, and Tony travel to the battle of New York to retrieve the mind, space, and time stone. Steve f… 
  Exclusive: Business News - Netflix surges ahead of quarterly results report; Disney in focus… 
Digital Marketing Spending Market 2026 By World With Top Key Players Like Comcast, AT&amp;T, P&amp;G, Verizon, Ford, Johnso… 
Netflix surges ahead of quarterly results report; Disney in focus 
-Professor Hulk sounds just like Mark Ruffalo, and can speak full sentences. He’s seen wearing a tank top and glass… 
Saw a show on Disney cruise where beast &amp; belle were dancing when beast somehow lost his foot. Water w… 
Disney+, YouTube TV Just Might Make You Miss Cable 
Marvel Disney+ Series Will Intersect With MCU Movies 
Marvel Disney+ Series Will Intersect With MCU Movies Marvel Studios president Kevin Feig… 
ICYMI: Loki Series Starring Tom Hiddleston Confirmed for Disney+ 
Netflix investor isn’t worried about Disney, Apple streaming services — Netflix is ‘future of film’… 
Netflix surges ahead of quarterly results report; Disney in focus 
Netflix surges ahead of quarterly results report; Disney in focus #USA #US #USBiz 
Twitter for Iphone desde disney 
Disney announced their $6.99 a month streaming service last week. Separately, Sony has introduced a 63-foot 16K tel… 
Neil Cavuto is doing his Disney masters bidding. 
I just really wanna go to Disney....anyone plz? 
I’m personally more okay with the idea of live action Minecraft over all the Disney live action remakes doe.. 
Disney gets final bids for Fox's regional sports networks 
Me! Mine fell through because I was traveling home from Disney  
Is that a new Disney ride called the road to Socialism? 
What a perfect time for a remake of 's Hunchback of #NotreDame 
Ahhh I learned years ago....never a place like that. Monkey joes, Chuck E. Cheese , boomers none of i… 
Disney gets final bids for Fox's regional sports networks via 
I’m gonna say it for the people in the back...GIVE THIS MAN A STAR WARS MOVIE!I believe with the way Disney run… 
Twitter for iphone since disney 
Congratulations my Disney Princess  you looked absolutely gorgeous &amp; you truly are a Bright Star  Conti… 
$DIS $NFLX ER will rock to 380$+ and Disney will die to 120$ 
.63 AC WATERFRONT, near Lake Wales, close to Disney, Florida / Pre-Foreclosure 
.93 AC close to Lake,Cocoa,Cape Canaveral,Short Drive to Disney,FL/PreForeclosur 
Large 1.25 AC WATERVIEW, by Lake, Frostproof, near Disney, FL/Pre-Foreclosure 
Yeah, unless I'm bored and desperately want to hate-watch something, I'm still not checking out "WandaVision" 
#LethalWeapon season 4 renewal? No thank you knows its a total #LethalFail#TeamClayne look forward… 
"Ad:" LEGO Ideas Disney Pixar 21303 WALL-E New in sealed box  FlyingTreasures 
I love video on Disney’s Hunchback Of Norte Dame. It has such a wonderful history and is a refle… 
Great news! Disney is making it easier to eat plant-based ... just watch the fat, sugar, and salt! Disneyland launc… 
Okay i know we’re talking about pickles.... but star struck is one of my favorite Disney movies 
Feeling cute....might go find a mouse. IDK.  #throwback #DISNEY #minniemouse 
She and her Disney fans annoys the living shit out of me  but I like her music 
Notre Dame is also medieval and from the 12th century..  and theres a Disney movie. Its recognitio… 
Hey Here’s life with #DivorcedDad! Going to #Yosemite,  #GrandCanyon, #Sedona,… 
Here is my Disneyland vlog. I'm not very good at vlogging but I wanted to get some shots of Disney for people who n… 
Thanks to the Make-A-Wish Nebraska Foundation and the Kearney Family YMCA, Wyatt Smidt and his family — including h… 
people really getting their panties all knotted up in a bunch over a tweet about a Disney movie? 
Me, after completing 11 days at Universal/Disney with a 2-year-old and a five-year-old. 
Oh dear, I just realized with all these Disney classics being made into fancy live action movies, it’s only a matte… 
Happy birthday!! 
Had fun in Disney but glad to be home. 
Sending Love To Notre DameBurger King QUASIMODO 9" Figurine Kids Meal Toy - Disney's Hunchback of Notre Dame… 
Thinking Of Notre DameWalt Disney's Quasimodo Action Figure/Doll - Disney's Hunchback of Notre Dame 9" Toy… 
should buy out Comcast's stake in Hulu then spin it off 
From Iowa and was at Disney with my family for spring break. Orlando definitely has something off wi… 
When they became owned by “Disney” they turn liberal. Very few c… 
Disney and the Future of TV via and this reminds me of my favorite quote from… 
I am convinced all the GoT elephant memes are a marketing ploy by Disney to promote Dumbo 
Finally, my Disney wall is complete! I hate hanging art cause of all the measuring you have to do...  
He is going to be assassinated by Disney for saying that shit... just like Leia &amp; R2. 
 Disney came extremely close to cutting ‘Part of Your World’ from “The Little Mermaid”- because the CEO… 
also u know disney is gonna try and capitalism off this ish 
EW everyone who is posting pictures of quasimodo from the disney version of the hunchback of notre dame as if the… 
Disney is in charge of that..Lash out at the source!! 
Oosh, get stuck in pal, Dino Thunder and SPD are arguably 2 of the best seasons from the Disney era 
'Penguins' review: From Disneynature, lessons in parenthood and Antarctic survival 
From what I remember you basically just walk around and look at all the old people. It’s a place your… 
Roxy Girls Launches Collab with Disney’s “Little Mermaid”  
Fresh News 4 Reasons Why Investors Have Become Too Optimistic About Disney Stock 
Coming Soon from Funko: Pop! Disney – The Lion King 
Pixie Perfect Bonus Event: Take an Extra 30% off 300+ Items at Shop Disney #deals 
#NotreDame — what started as one of the most beautiful, heart-wrenching disney movie made me fall in love with the… 
you look amazing. 
New Club Penguin? 
I am a Disney Princess unless Avengers need me shirt, hoodie, tank top 
NBA stands for This tweet has been a Walt Disney production. 
Disney attraction name fame for the tag team fka the War Raiders. Rip. 
It’s pretty much been reduced to a Disney resort anyway. 
Selling all my Disney stock now. 
Next destination,  Disney World....one week stay is not enough.come on down. 
Disney World is Burning Man for winos. 
Alice is learning about Disney movies and VHS tapes. Valuable lessons all around. 
After ‘Rise of Skywalker,’ It’s Up to Disney+ to Carry the ‘Star Wars’ Banner 
DoD = Dads of Disney 
Disney ruined the entire franchise 
I’m so excited! I love all things Disney and I usually avoid September because of hurricanes and weather, but not this year! 
Marvel, Star Wars and all the Disney classic films and shows? I don't know about you but I am 100000000% getting Di… 
Disney's Live Action 'The Little Mermaid' to begin production in Spring of 2020. 
#Wishkid Michaela enjoyed a ride on the merry-go-round in Disney Parks! 
You should be good, Disney pulled all of it off. None of the clips really flowed together besides the ending. 
My next Disney Cruise puts me at gold status. Y'all bring me in too 
10 Reasons Disney Should Make a Darth Vader Horror Movie 
Every Company Disney Owns: A Map of Disney's Worldwide Assets 
The Mandalorian Probably Won't Be Bingeable When Disney+ Launches #StarWars #StarWars:TheMandalorian… 
We knew the sons do not hold the views of the father. And Disney is their mother. Sad s… 
Tales of a Technician: About that Disney Magic | Tackle Trading 
You're basically a Disney Princess. 
Addresses What Comes Next For The MCU After ENDGAME And How Factors Into It#MCU… 
$CMCSA $T:Hulu Sale Sets Stage for Disney-Comcast 
just butchered the War Raiders with a name that sounds like a Disney World ride. 
Dall's Porpoise Surfing Disney Wonder's Bow Wave – Disney Alaska Cruise 
Want to improve your financial life today?Cancel half of your paid monthly subscriptions$6.99 to stream Disney… 
#StarWars, #LEGOS, #StopMotionAnimation, #DisneyPrincess (Leia is technically a Disney princess!) This latest… 
Senile Vince McMahon changes the name of War Raiders to the Viking Experience?That shit sounds like a Disney World… 
“If you can dream it, you can achieve it” -Walt Disney 
**Watch Video Presentation- Creek Disney World Vacation Rental 2 Be… 
See if your favorite made the list! 
I am a Disney Princess unless Winterfell needs me the Prince of Winterfell shirt 
Hello! Where is this man's Disney movie?! Make Jack a prince!! 
TODAY on CARTOON RESEACH: About the 1950s Disney hit songs from live action sources 
Disney has cameras EVERYWHERE girl be careful. But fr if it works let me know... 
Win a $2,000 #Disney Gift Card!#disneyworld #disneyland #dinero #free #win #sweepstakes #giveaway #contest… 
Regardless of what you call these chick flicks or clam jams, is comingI like but I love Disne… 
There's a fair number of kids from cordcutter families that don't know many Disney brands.… 
Something else to love - the title deeds and board feature concept and developmental art straight from the Disney A… 
There's a reason FOX news is beating fake news. Be careful, your viewers are not happy lately with your dec… 
There is nothing you can tell me that would convince me that a 7 day Disney Cruise is $1000 pp better than a royal… 
Disney #tb #Disney #summer2018 
CSA will present Disney’s Little Mermaid JR Preview Show this Thursday at 4:30 PM at the Main Library. This fishy f… 
Disney Corp is easing into more control. Kind of like China with Hong Komg. 
It’s a ride in Disney World’s Norway Pavilion. 
There probably was, that was my favorite Disney movie of all time. They can still cgi it so I’m sure it still in th… 
#Bales2019FilmChallengeApril 16 – Movie with someone asleepSleeping Beauty (1959)One of the many Disney classics… 
Streaming war heats up - Netflix, Disney and Hulu 
#AvengersEndgame spoilers are being revealed. If the movie has not been premiered in any country, anyone who is rev… 
I use Vudu disc to digital. I can scan the barcode of my DVDs (from partici… 
I hope joke "spoilers" were OK.  I figured, who *doesn't* know Disney will not be killing off the franchise? 
Yeah! It was so cool to see as an easter egg. I hope Disney does more easter eggs with Club Penguin bu… 
The best and only Disney Plus explainer you need - nice work Disney: The 350 Word TL;DR Version - via 
#AT&amp;T sold it’s 9.5% stake in #Hulu back to the company, which means that #Disney could end up owning close to 70%… 
“I'm Free As the Breeze” by Disney Studio Vocalist. East of Here, West of Now at 10:08am. 
#WomenofColorIntheArts Mingjue Helen Chen is an artist behind the scenes of hit Disney flicks such as Big Hero 6 a… 
We wouldn’t of survived Disney World without our “backpack” I would of lost my sanity and my kid… 
Have you left any hearts on Radio Disney for #BoyWithLuv by ft If not, please go and leave plenty… 
being hired by Fox was what looks… 
Disney Plus Streaming Service To Launch In NOV at $7/mo  
When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier  -Roy E. Disney...#eroe #value #growth… 
Disney+: Why the Streaming Service Will Be Hard to Beat - The Atlantic  
Disney + will have chick flicks 
#TravelTuesday We love cruising so we're passing deals from to you! 3 Night Bahamas Cruises from $… 
The Jolt Journal - Hulu buys back AT&amp;T’s stake, leaves Comcast and Disney as owners - 16th April 2019 -:… 
Disney Voyager: Na'vi River Journey (Animal Kingdom) 
Honestly. I'm at a Bar, not Disney Land 
Disney World is in Florida. 
Ah, yes. Saw some footage and it seems like a good casual game with that monopolic… 
Ever since they were bought by Disney they've been turning into… 
Disney sure makes it easier for me to be their fan. They almost never claim a video of mine and I've done lots. Son… 
Ok.Focus on your price gouging! People will move over to Disney +, prime or hulu 
“First, think. Second, believe. Third, dream. And finally, dare.” - Walt Disney...#packyourpassion #zulz… 
Disney corp owns the other parrot… 
 purrrrrincess: Here’s your daily Disney gif! Tarzan - June 12, 1999 
the only thing keeping me from completely losing my shit is the fact that i leave for disney saturday morning 
Mikrokosmos equates to Life in Color by OneRepublic, which was the Disney theme song a couple years ago. Disney? 
It was a good Disney movie man, gotta honor that 
I prefer #californiascreamin to the #incredicoaster. It's not that I mind the Incredicoaster, it's just that I thin… 
"My son's been watching Disney movies and cartoons since he was a baby. Are your kids Disney fans too? Get our must… 
The Disney content on Netflix is already minimal. People aren’t signing up for Netflix to wat… 
If you think "beating Netflix" is the endgame here, you're overlooking the entire Disney monetization ecosy… 
Just another reason why Disney is so amazing. 
Oh, man! Let me know if you need me to bring more movies! We probably have the entire Disney library (minus the newer ones...) 
IT IS PODCAST DAY!! We talk Star Wars trailers, Disney +, and a whole lot more! Give it a listen: 
Woke up this morning and my brain decided it was a solid time to rage about Kingdom Hearts 3. No prompting, just an… 
$ROKU $DIS $AAPL:Roku Stock Rises After Analyst Says Disney+ Will Add $1 Billion in 
Disney give us a new trailer for Artemis Fowl challenge. 
Today is a day for a chill game, Disney themed! 
So you think people will actually cancel their Netflix subscription in order to sign up for D… 
My biggest pole was the Disney movie  
I heard that a new Simpsons movie is in the works, where the family goes to Disney. In the first movie, there’s a s… 
National Stress Awareness Day Sounds like a great day to plan a Disney World vacation!!! At least that is how I dea… 
Ah, inspiration as a kid was actually my dad and then it expanded to Don Bluth, Disney, and Brian Froud. 
The Disney wizards bought them out. They have to regain control… 
That was bound to happen. I read multiple articles that predicted that bump and fall for both Disney and Ne… 
The new softer, gentler, Disney-owned conservative news channel? 
Landed in paris currently in an uber on the way to Disney. being on the right side of the road isn't as weird as I… 
Disney to host its first official LGBTQ pride event, "Magical Pride" 
That’s quite interesting. 
The Rock ‘n’ Roller Coaster, Starring Aerosmith, is full of twists and turns, with a design that makes you feel lik… 
SIR!!! This clearly says “Spolier” right on it! Are you trying to ruin my Black Hole experience??!! 
The perfect Disney movie. 
Same here. Knowing that I’ll never be able to see it in its original form is just heartbr… 
With Disney in Control, Hulu Buys Out AT&amp;T for $1.4 Billion via 
Rediscover your inner child and experience the thrill of Walt Disney World on your next magical family holiday!  B… 
Would be a great move by to donate a portion of all Hunchback of Notre Dame reissue sales to #NotreDame 
You loom fantastic 
20 years with Home Depot! Wow!!! Disney your hard work and dedication amazes me! Everyday you come into work AWESOM… 
Why Netflix doesn’t have to worry about Disney+ via 
Uh huh. 
There was some weird sci-fi at that time. Going back and watching 2001 even seems hokey. 
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. – Walt Disney #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation 
The Closest Beach to Disney World #florida #disneyworld #familytravel 
See, I was a Vader kinda kid. That was my bad guy crew. 
How am I the only one who never saw it, then?? Haha 
Agreed completely. But in light of how sad the fire was, I’ve refrained from Disney-ifying… 
And a trip to Disney has got to be the biggest waste of money known to Americans. 
No! Cliffy Boy! Not you, too! 
Make sure you Google Mark Cuban or Steve Jobs or Walt Disney or Bill Gates or on and on. Just another ex… 
The only thing on Disney+ that appeals to me is The Mandalorian, and maybe The Simpsons. 
#SayMyName Queen B singing the same tuneStill talking about $DIS as opposed to second best FAANG mover of ye… 
Yikes. After seeing that clip, I think I’m better off not having seen it.  
THE SIMPSONS Welcome Their New Disney Masters in Hilarious Promo Video 
Military Discounts For Disney Parks, Cruises &amp; Resorts via #travel #travelbloggers #TravelTuesday 
LOVIN' Disney - Star Wars Celebration in Chicago looks AWESOME... OH YEAH!!! ... 
How much of Hulu has Disney now? 
Can u share the wealth..lol I wanna take the family back to #Disney  
Netflix and Disney to compete over streaming sevirces 
Dad Belts Out Unexpected ‘Ave Maria’ In Lobby Of Disney World Resort, Wows Everyone #Video… 
Jack Skellington &amp; Sally Portrait of Love 3-Piece Bedding Set in White 
Disney Parks Minnie Mouse Ears Adult #disneyparks #minniemouse #vacation… 
'Monsters Inc.' Sequel Series On the Way with Billy Crystal &amp; John Goodman 
AT&amp;T just sold their stake in Hulu. That eliminates everyone except Disney and NBC Universal. The question is, will… 
#VikingExperience is a Thor ride at Disney World. 
That's funny as hell. Also, it's a disgrace to men. I was hurt that Disney destroyed my favorite tri… 
29 Hacks I Learned From Going To Disney World Like 1,000 Times - BuzzFeed 
Welcome To Pandora   The World of Avatar, Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort… 
#Disney’s #GrandFloridianResort &amp; Spa "Royal Palm Club" #Concierge! via 
Cute Kid from China singing the #Moana song #HowFarIllGo #Singing#China #Kids #Culture… 
'The Mandalorian': Jon Favreau Teases Disney+ Series at Star Wars Celebration by #themandalorian 
I've never been to Disney or Universal. 
Yup. I stay in hostels and tiny AirBnbs as an almost-40-year-old. I scour flight deals. I guarantee I'v… 
Coming Soon: An Exclusive Glow in the Dark Genie Pop! from the live action Disney Aladdin movie. Pic cred… 
Rush   A Disney Pixar Adventure #XboxGamePass #XboxOne… 
And people tend to view international travel as something for the well-off. My brother spent thousands eac… 
I refuse to see the #LionKing movie until Disney acknowledges the real Lion King  . 
A quick clip for last week. We stumbled upon the Disney Skyliner being tested in windy conditions outside of Hollyw… 
Welcome To Pandora  The World of Avatar, Disney's Animal Kingdom theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort… 
Imagine if any of the americans bitching about this actually knew any history regarding gothic cathedra… 
i wish, the adult xmen cast could just have one more bow out before disney scraps the xmen until 5 yrs from now. th… 
David Wisniewski's 1992 picture book version of the African epic of "Sundiata, Lion King of Mali" and the… 
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix To Win The Streaming Wars via 
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible." —Walt Disney via 
Disney vs Netflix? Let me put it this way: Would you prefer watching Fauda or yet another cheesy, forgettable Star… 
AT&amp;T may have just signaled the end of Hulu as you know it today 
Walt Disney: “All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” Just believe! 
On our way to save you from being overcharged by non-local servicemen. Call 816-875-4977 today!#savingtheday… 
Hey and what kind of action are you gonna take with this #AvengersEndgame footage leak? And… 
Hey you should donate all the profit from recent sale of the #HunchbackOfNotreDame to repair &amp; restoration… 
I have a question, I tried to send on the show- didn't go through. Figured I'd try here. Now that Dis… 
What's your favorite Disney movie? We can almost guarantee you'll see it featured in Disney Trivia at Pride Camp th… 
France pavilion at EPCOT #photography #blackandwhite #blackandwhitephotography #noir #noiretblanc #highcontrast… 
15+ Things to do on Your "Day Off" from Disney Parks 
Disney Plus 
Every time we went to Disneyworld...….I stood in line with the kids to take photos of them with the Disney Characte… 
I know that. 
Is Already a Clear Winner in the Disney vs. Apple Streaming Service War #TVGuide… 
Hopefully and catch these spoilers and squash them FAST. Having to mute every… 
Sorry, #Disney, but the REAL Lion King was a black man.His name Sundiata Keita (died 1255), he was the founder of… 
Disney Now Has a Plant-Based Visitor’s Guide. #vegan #Disney 
This week’s best iTunes movie deals: $15 Disney film sale, action titles from $5, $1 rental, more 
Oh boy, can't wait for *that* part of the fandom to return to its normal levels of toxicity once the… 
Mikrokosmos Disney Edits Thread 
30 Nightmare Disney Cast Stories That Will Haunt You 
This is why Disney+ is going to destroy you. Well this and show people want to watch. 
The Lion King was one of Liz’s all time favorite Disney shows and I for one can’t wait to see the new Live Action F… 
I also did last week. The South African office isnt really clued up/in.This from t… 
What did he do? 
I feel like the powers that be at Disney are xenophobic. Mon Calamari Lives Matter! 
"THE WORLD IS CRUELTHE WORLD IS WICKED."#notredame #thehuntchback #thehunchbackofnotredame #fire #quasimodo… 
Disney+ will sadly not be made available in South Africa/Africa. Maybe post-2022. T… 
If you invested $1,000 in Disney 10 years ago, here's how much you'd have now 
In their official press release they've stated and in their presentation slides the… 
np breakout - miley cyruseu to muito disney girl 
#Hulu agreed to buy back AT&amp;T’s 9.5% stake, a deal that valued the whole entity at $15 billion via 
#Disney+ streaming service will be available starting Nov. 12 for $6.99 a month 
On Mayor Pete's 'Bucket List' is to speak the native tongue at each of the non English speaking countries from arou… 
Literally a Disney amusement ride name 
i'm not talking about the disney one 
Disney+ will be available on November 12th for $6.99 a month  vía 
Kingdom Hearts is one of the most amazing games I’ve ever played in my life from its characters, to the story, Disn… 
News flash: AT&amp;T Sells Hulu Stake for $1.4 Billion. Disney Disney Disney... What will you do next? 
Any MCU hero... Which I guess is Disney's job now 
Sorry, this would never draw me to Oregon. I’ve been to Oregon many times and was always taken by the… 
Disney is launching a streaming service Full story here #TSAon3 #TSAonline 
Tulsa’s #sunrise has me thinking about The Lion King! It’s seriously so pretty this morning Make it a goo… 
QA magazine shows how Frank Yiannas went from Disney to Walmart to the FDA. #foodsafety #quality 
That is unfortunate... #starwars #disney #themandalorian"Throughout the entire course of Star Wars: The Mandalori… 
5 FREE Disney Movie Rewards Points -----&gt;&gt; 
5 FREE Disney Movie Rewards Points #freebies #freestuff #free #freesample 
Tickets Are Going Fast For This Disney Princess Ball in #RochMN! 
Quick notice: If you spoil End Game on Brawlstars or Royale subreddits/discord you will be banned without warning.… 
disney time 
Preschool Toys Up To 50% Off – LeapFrog, Disney, VTech &amp; More 
Or allowing them to simmer in th… 
