I said I don’t enjoy Bollywood movies as much as I used to and he said it’s probably because I’m “divided between e… 
there were some pretty unintentionally hilarious jean-claude van damme movies about it in the 80s though 
Just got our #AvengersEngame tickets for Sunday. I haven’t been able to keep up with all the #Marvel movies. Which… 
This is Bernstein's best film score, and heightened the drama and pathos of the movie. One of the… 
Can't believe Friday has to be compared to other stoner movies. It's almost criminal. 
Pull through And I’ll hook you’s upPop corn and movies included 
#Movie "The Wings of Eagles" (1957) 
May be his last drama as pm 
Raise some hell with this weekend! Reserve your seats Now: #MakeItICONIC 
Also there are several movies made from H.P. Lovecraft's stories in case you decide to do that far. 
Some people like drama yoh, and Cass is one of them. 
Attention attention all girls If you can't find your man, quickly run to Oshakati (Etango) there is one there… 
But it's so much easier for them to go for the drama! Truth, schmooth.  What a bunch of… 
Steven Spielberg’s ‘West Side Story’ Adds ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Star Mike Faist, Singer Ana Isabelle -… 
Drama yenu ga e ntekane shame it's too much for the baby 
why I can't choose the language and the subtitles for the movies!!! Second time that I made the mistake… 
starting twitter drama is not the move 
What’s Some Good Movies On Netflix? 
Marvel Fan Breaks World Record After Seeing #CaptainMarvel 116 Times - 
It was nice with no drama Obama.  I knew we were in good hands.  But,  any time I heard his voice on T… 
It is a great scene. I'm guessing you mean the Scotty scene. I know other people disagree, but I think… 
The EC is too busy with Modi movies and streaming content to bother… 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                  
While Tony Stark has an interesting hole in his chest in the movies, it’s certainly disconcerting to s… 
What does the research say about workplace #Conflict and #drama? Listen to this 1 min. video.… 
What type?  We left the pharmacy this morning and got the new Cocoa Carmel Latte at Starbucks.  It was… 
But doesn't ZBC have that incredible Game of Thrones type of drama? The one in serious deep Shona?… 
Must see my friend! Vintage lesbians, big time drama, great story telling, EPIC love story and uncensored! 
Very reliable website for watching movies and series online 
One of the best and funniest movies ever made. I discovered it as a teenager, unobtrusively t… 
Sam Shepard's drama 'True West' is about the restlessness that drives some men to the western edge of America, and… 
 LIVE ! Relax day, New Vamp Baby inc!#TheSims4Movie night at 8pm CST !movies… 
So I was in the movies watching dumbo with my little cousin and there was a huge service dog behind us and he thought it was a wolf 
April #films#movies list 4/1/09 - #PirateRadio ~ 4/5/02 - #24HourPartyPeople… 
GOAL! Bernard Parker fires Chiefs into the lead late into the game. There has been non stop drama in this game, but… 
It’s a standard practice of SJWs to punish a target for wrong-think through misinterpret… 
I love her movies, but if it's so bad here, go? On the other hand, is she saying the USA… 
Aren’t you the one that apparently recommends bomb movies? Please drop top 3 black love movies. 
You might be correct that not all people that claim to have social anxiety have it. But is that something… 
I am all in on this Jared Dudley vs Ben Simmons drama  
I'm not an expert, but isn't Super just a way to canonize movies? I've heard conflictin… 
There’s some romance movies that I like. That’s one. I love period pieces 
a snobs vs slobs type movie of an independent movie theatre that allows drinking and talking during the movies vs alamo drafthouse (snobs) 
Hey guys !!! Do you guys digging #comics and #nerdy things or the #marvel movies or the #dc shows !!! Well come che… 
As a show this could be better than the upcoming High School Musical one, i can say the same about Camp Rock, a cam… 
Oh. My. God. I have a second Twitter Account.Not a Secret. I planned to do movies and Art on it.Never have the ti… 
1. I’ve worked at the dmv for over 4 years2. My favorite thing to do is watch and make fun of movies3. I’m an introvert 
Ouat, musicals, old movies, Disney and nick!! Let’s be friends  
Is it supposed to be Hell? I'm not into movies at the movie houses. 
Casting Call For Will o' the Wisp: I am an award winning independent filmmaker a director of photography for a shor… 
I want so many intervals in the movie to handle the so melo drama  
Best psychological thriller? #movies 
there are actual interesting discussions to be had about the history of the Americas, ranging from colonial mercant… 
same, the romance was good!!! 10/10 drama, 10/10 character development, and 10/10 storyline (some arc… 
Episode 1: Concrete Valley. First battle taken by combined forces of Kemper and Q. Lots of wasted ammunition and ex… 
21, approaching 22 - can hardly stay awake for movies, has moles that need watching, a small colony of white hairs… 
Oh please. Drama llama. 
I keep seeing tweets saying that there’s a bunch of gymternet drama, but I don’t stay on Twitter long enough to see what it is  
That you haven’t seen one of the most popular movies of all time 
You and me are the same. I don't repeat movies 
And it was an awful moment for American culture. Clear Channel march to the sea destroying… 
He’s a No Drama Llama. The best kind of llama. 
For some reason I enjoy these b grade action movies 
You need to speak to yourself and stop listening to other people who… 
Trump knew Russia was helping him.  He coordinated a reliable strategy with wikileaks. Whole movies will… 
My answer, FWIW, is Captain America (and it isn’t even close). Right mood, great representation of characters, perf… 
Yo this community was fun for a lil bit but now it’s just all drama?? Ya’ll need to grow up 
Till recently when I discovered that Patience Ozokwo isn't so evil as she used to showcase in Nigerian movies* 
That minding my own business and focusing on myself prevents a lot of unnecessary drama....it really is healthy 
The thing with Trump is that far too many of us have become numb. This drama has been dragging since 2… 
One of the great movies ever “On the Waterfront”. Marlon Brando. “I coulda been a contenduh. I coulda been somebody” 
Nerds without kids that complain about kids at movies don’t get to come if we have to move to a different planet. Y… 
Lol,some movies should not be remade,ie Ghostbusters. 
I don’t watch the NWSL but I love seeing all the drama on my timeline y’all are wild 
What Should We Do About Scandalous Artists? By A. #Celebs #Celebrities… 
. My movies sound goes off always during crucial part if any movie. Pls help. Channel 0107 E movies extra 
Oscar-Nominated Designer Slams Melissa McCarthy For Her Outrageous Academy Awards Outfits (2019)… 
I thought you were really good! I can name so many major movies that had terrible acting! 
"The Wolf of Wall Street" hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
We may be closed on Easter, but our digital collections are always open! Access #ebooks, #eaudiobooks, magazines, m… 
You say that but you have been stirring up drama over him for months.You will never not… 
But they are all great movies 
I can’t wait for the most sacred of Easter Triduum traditions tonight when I make watch one of my f… 
One of the Greatest PM's Canada has ever had....and lunatics in Canada voted him out and voted in a clueless, p/t D… 
Hahaha and I watching the drama in our apt group chat rn 
I Just Wanna Eat Cuddle &amp; Watch Movies The Rest Of The Day  
Early secret feature reveal!50/50 raffle during the show!Winner gets HALF of all lino donated during the stream… 
Lmao the drama 
Please Ask Drama To Free Uzi 
This scene was my favorite! #SomeoneGreat #movies #Saturday 
The Child's Play movies sure are... a thing. The first two are some GREAT horror. The most recent two a… 
Anyone think the decay of our culture-horror movies, glorification of a “gangsta” life, social med… 
I suggest home movies + a picture everyday in a digital library for a keepsake forever wi… 
I'd love that. Cause I think Ultron is what it is ca… 
Would you like to see that? 
Enjoy a nice weekend at home watching all your favorite movies in your cozy living room. Our #Denver homes offer gr… 
New #movies in theaters this weekend: #Music #ClassicRock 
 I always notice little things like this in tv shows and movies. Spoiler Alert Did you see the "La… 
I hope by now that ALL patriots are boycotting Hollywood. Their movies are like CNN. Propaganda. Spielberg has been… 
CBS Drama Embeds ‘Assassinate,’ ‘President,’ and ‘Trump’ in Hidden MessageHeatMap Col 1&gt; 
Toni Morrison Documentary 'The Pieces of Me': Premiere Date, Facts - Oprah Mag 
Who ya got? Godzilla or Kong?#HATM"Godzilla vs. Kong" wraps shooting 
Drama, pettiness. 
Hi Suzanne. I LOVE Killing Eve. How I wish we had shows like that in South Africa. I would love to wor… 
one of the best movies. I was so teary by the end. 
the ig music hack isnt just applicable for ig, you can also access movies on netflix especially the ones that are n… 
Kevin Feige Says #SpiderManFarFromHome Is The Final Film Of Marvel's Phase 3 - 
Awwww. It’s not like they are deployed for 18+ months. Spare me the drama. Its the job. 
Man, I loved his movies. This sucks. 
Can't stand those kind of movies  
Hells yes! Bruce Lee movies are definitely near and dear to my heart! 
No one has threatened April. Why all the drama? Geeezzz!!!! She's not the one needing prot… 
Woman: Yelling at another woman who cut her off in Chapters parking lot.Other woman: yelling back at her.Me: Ca… 
Or the travel she and her fellow pampered actors indulged in to make the movies? 
Movies, Easter Egg Hunt, church 
Jesus christ who ISNT in the Expendables 3?? This movies got it all! 
I understand you being upset, but he feeds off of the drama, it helps his YouTube… 
What are some more funny movies like total dhamaal? 
there are movies that were made to be watched on planesWatched Bumblebee last night and yeah, t… 
the perfect date: staying somewhere on the beach and a big storm coming in and staying in bed and watching movies 
Possibly one the best movies I've ever seen. — watching A Futile &amp; Stupid Gesture 
Peter Weller to Play MacGyver's Evil Counterpart in Season 3 Finale - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Or the movies! Major pet peeve. 
Are we still feeling emotions that are ours or are we feeling feelings that have been imposed on us through TV shows and movies? 
says there's no reason to watch ‘The Curse of La Llorona’: 
So what about the right-wing commentators who in 2012 who said Romney was a truth-teller saying things O… 
Wood ash drama snake.  Five, terrify, Lemon verbena. 
So Brie Larson can tell everyone certain movies arent for them and so you have no say, but Christia… 
Yeah, so that we never have XMen movies like Logan again. This should make you upset. 
i think my first week after graduating will be spent binge watching tv shows and movies. 
Some TV Series/Movies will really make you second guess if you in the correct career. 
I know it’s 420 and everyone is excited for that, Happy Holidays everyone  but I’m so excited for today cause Jos… 
past 2 movies I’ve seen this weekend made me cry like a baby. 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                
Talk for yourself aus. Don't count me in all that drama 
New YouTube Drama video dropping soon! #YouTubeDrama 
Don’t hate me but I’m already missing the drama of winter. Summer is too ~light~ for people as extra as me I’m sorry I need layers 
To #film buffs and #cinema fans out there: 
I missed DJ drama ..where were u 
Is it mainly that Americans don't read so we need to see televised drama or is it m… 
Yeah if End Game delivers the way we think it will, Spider-Man will gain a whole lot more traction. In fac… 
can problematic fans pls stop coming for blackpink or bts or nct every chance they get,, like stay in your lane and… 
Now that the dust has settled, I feel like Thanos shouldn't have snapped in IW. It could have ended on him w 4-5. W… 
Neither have I. There’s no credibility in his degenerate drama-shock-YT shit. 
Let me watch Total Drama Island.  
She laughs some, "Muggle movies really?" 
Tingu ke successful movies gin le.40 films me se 20 bhi successful nah… 
Man I had these movies, watched them over and over  kids these days know nothing bruh 
#Movie "The Evictors" (1979) 
just deport Donny THE DRAMA QUEEN and his HUSBAND, Melania...aka BRUCE JENNER'S BROTHER.. 
Sanaa do beautiful on her movies yo 
so much drama on the tl 
Grandma’s with drama. Love them  
It is weird that they've announced a game and we haven't seen hide nor hair of it. I'd be game for tha… 
I agree that Secret Wars will be the next big thing… 
So much drama... Robert Marawa missed his calling to be an actor    #NedbankCup2019 
Fast Color is finally released. This was my 2nd ever film to work on. Go check it out. It is great! 
 is full of drama, but ke we’ll win tonight’s game 
. Hey folks if you want to escape the crazy world for an hour check out at 9pm Eastern The return of R… 
I can't deny I actually liked the Power… 
Then by that standard about 95% of the choices made are wrong. Because like zero movies take… 
Gay family movies. Do you know of any? 
Why is it that when other fandoms have drama they suddenly tryna bring GOT7 into their mess 

Apparently, I realized that this year for movies specifically, MY CHILDHOOD IS INVOLVED! 
Brooke sh… 
Photo Coverage: Get a First Look at Jessie Mueller and Megan Hilty in PATSY &amp;amp; LORETTA - Broadway World 
How to be happy, successful &amp; drama free. Don't expect a f**k*ng thing from anyone. 
I made a big post with details. But I would recommend watching good summaries of all the movies you don't e… 
Says the actor who pretended to be a gangster in his movies... 
All the movies, TV, books and music the writers and editors of Windows Central are into this weekend 
You could just say her name and not cause drama though? Isn’t this why the fandom is too much for… 
Your “friend” was subbing us the other day, lol. Didn’t entertain her because ke lapile ka the drama she brings int… 
Civil War, Black Panther, Thor Ragnarok**, and Infinity War***. These four feel pretty strongly linked to m… 
If you only get stoned to movies about other people getting stoned that’s just boring. Hell,… 
Get this starter pack:Essay available online: "White P… 
She’s got 2 new movies coming out that she needs to pitch 
This is depressing, Keem is stupid. Maybe some things he reports on is true. But, he just wants mon… 
#SomeoneGreat #MustWatch  #WomenEmpowerWomen #LoveStory #LifeMovies We need more of these movies!! 
idk if it’s just me, but I’ve always wanted to hit someone w a frying like in the movies 
Oh bitch oh bitch!! Keeping my daughter far tf away from his toxic ass drama omm I’m finna text you 
I'm aware of "The Four" but it doesn't seem to be romance-centric drama &amp; also this was back in 2015. i've only see… 
I think I need to watch one of my all-time favorite movies tonight! #Willow 
Glad that we can finally see him as a lead in a romance drama and his character is funny lol btw, have… 
Ryan gets the Twitter drama queen  because Huckabee calling for her credentials to be revoked is a much bigger thr… 
i definitely agree that the supporting characters def had too much lines/time than zhang hans &amp; janine chang. I DEM… 
The drama from this guy is hilarious. It’s hard to believe people take him serious… 
I only want movies  
‘Someone Great’ Is a Totally New Kind of Romantic Comedy #SomeoneGreat #WomenEmpowerWomen #Netflix #MustWatch … 
James Bond movies have it all. Actions, drama, and love...and a lot of explosions.  
YES!!! Love all of these movies. 
Stop making drama your not Shakespeare  
This is the first 420 I get to enjoy legally! I’m celebrating by going to the grocery store  but then after it’s e… 
What’s everyone’s favorite movies?? 
Im demented lol, I laugh at horror movies. 
I got: Uncle Colm.  via 
Lmao I just encountered my first bart drama. The white woman was shaking but angry for stupid reasons. 
He realized he’s falling off and depends on other youtubers for his show and he needed some dra… 
When the coordinated campaigners bring up drama from the last election. 
John Singleton: 5 Fast Facts You Need to SingletonDirector John Singlet… 
How good were 80s movies... Currently one on with a test-taking montage! The montage is my favorite movie feature.... it's not used enough. 
John Singleton Hospitalized After Suffering a Stroke - Oscar-Nominated Director &amp; Writer of 'Boyz N the Hood', 'Fou… 
What's the most spine-chilling movie scene ? #Movies #TV 
Michael Chaves’ “The Conjuring 3” — Official Logo #Movies #TV 
Check out DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies ⁦… 
Here's why I don't like Adam Sandler movies. Donald Trump is like Adam Sandler in an Adam Sandler movie. He's a com… 
It would have been great for one last shot or scene like this in one of these movies. But… 
I wonder what happened to just going to the movies together, just chilling at the park or something, going to the t… 
It’s our final dnd day for this campaign. Huge fight. Lots of drama. So here’s an overtly dramatic lipstick.  Ahh… 
I also like the psychology of the movies because he thinks hes trying to do good in the world to "reform" people 
Ferda making movies 
Sometimes ask for a good book to read,business book,self development stuff to download,and perhaps… 
This gonna be hella of a game, drama, red cards and all #NEDBANKCUP 
They do! I just feel like they're overdone at this point. All the new superhero movies are starting to… 
LOL....can’t even answer this high drama...how about teach your kids right from wrong, stop societal… 
Naahh. I'd watch horror movies instead 
i need to buy the movies somehow 
My mom loved it. I’ve showed her all of S. Craig’s movies lmao 
I really think it all depends on what stage of life you were in whether or not you remember these show… 
The NRA, nor any of its members (including myself), has ever prevented a single per… 
drama girl 
Which is why I go to the Alamo Draft House. No talking tolerated from anyone. But also please don't bring your kids… 
That’s what I was thinking - I’m not even a huge Batman fan (I mean , he’s fin… 
Miss me w that drama, you must think I’m someone else 
I just bought your movies #HouseBroken &amp; #SmartHouse loved them both very very funny movies especially… 
We just need to stop blame each other and start coming together to rid our beautiful co… 
All I can say: glad I am as old as I am. The future looks horrifying. All the stuff we have seen in scienc… 
Smoke sesh and movies today, and I couldn’t be happier 
“Hopefully things should change around here, but I’m not so sure...”She sighs and looks up to him, “Glad there… 
It’s the most liberating thing ever....start small by taking yourself out on lunches and date nights, go… 
I stop drawing for a couple hours and watch some animated movies to get some inspiration 
Only one(Extortion) out of all the action movies is playing. 
I confess it'… 
I enjoy watching movies that are inspired by true events 
I like it when cheerleaders in movies look like cheerleaders when I was in school, especially when the actresses ar… 
I can't even begin to imagine Phase 4 Avengers movies without Iron Man and Captain America.  plsss nooo. #Avengers 
Live Easter Drama, tomorrow at 5:30 
I hear you and you make a valid point. However comparing them to Marvel movies? When Marvel shows are… 
4/20 Movies Of All Time.1. Half Baked2. How High3. Friday4. Up In Smoke5. Pineapple Express#420day 
when you finally piece together all the family drama 
There are numerous authors investigative researchers who expose the light and tunnel trap. The eli… 
Oh boy. 
I want to go get movies from this one but he might think I want more than  just movies. Ai vader, help jou kind 
Perfect Sisters. Abigail Breslin and the little girl from the Narnia movies kill their mom. It is b… 
Might me going home Home this summer #Oregon 
See the power of prayer played out in this REAL-LIFE story! Celebrate Easter Week with #BreakthroughMovie, now show… 
Whooooo!!!! D.J DRAMA 
These Tyler Perry movies are intense  
Thank you for making movies that represent me.  #latinx #SomeoneGreat 
3am, lyin in bed alone listening to the rain  and the woman abusing the shit out of, I'm gonna assume here, her… 
Watch More Than Half A Million Movies And TV Episodes With The Roku Premiere 4k Streaming Player 
Ideas excluding harmful people such as everyone who brings drama to music related activities such as performances,… 
individuals who claimed we worked together, start some drama, &amp; start to benefit from the past which means I don’t… 
some people just can’t function in life without being the center or attention, whether it’s negative or positive. y… 
Wasn’t Paul in “Old Yeller” and other Disney movies? 
7 year old Kids, can't drive, drink,  smoke, vote, marry, sign legal contracts, yet.. can choose a… 
Aye y'all gotta do better with some of these original movies, man. 
Abo +27 causing drama in my life this Easter  
Seeing a ton of commentary on the bizarre Russ vs Trammel drama today. Athletes wanting to dictate their own narrat… 
Don't forget that you can use at Perth Playhouse Perth Playhouse is Perth's independent cinema wh… 
my internet is slow this weekend. I noticed it last night when I was trying to stream movies. I just had… 
I high key don’t like watching movies in 3D. I think there’s something wrong with my eyes. I get really uncomfortab… 
Watched last night.I loved it.And I'm not into alot of Movies.I really liked. 
Having a snack and movies 
DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies ⁦… 
Would Dumbo be okay for a kid who's super easily scared at movies? 
Dude thirsty for drama 
About to turn this damn YouTube off  and watch my LMN movies til later 
Lots of good movies being released too close to each other. That’s a petty. Specially for Shazam, I… 
This week, Peter Moore AKA The Man in Black Moore was a theater owner obsessed with horror movies  Specifi… 
You cannot.  The Apple TV devices do not have a hard drive.  The best way to confirm the question is t… 
Drama Queen Comey gets some public statement action with pointed remarks aimed at the Trump admin. The investigatio… 
Rewatching all the marvel movies has been such a ride. I’m really not ready for the end y’all 
Reading must see list of US Summer movie releases and all 12 have male directors. Out of the 37 actors li… 
I really dislike that my family's the kind that goes 'not all men', 'not all white people', etc etcThey're complai… 
Lmao, Im the same. Gotta be up to date so Im ready. Just gotta catch up with captain marvel and I'll… 
Can we just say the trailer park boys movies 
I love when you give your opinions on movies, seriously, do it more often! 
Honestly would retroactively help some of my issues with the earlier movies. They’d still be bad imo… 
I’m starting on a new leaf when I get back to res/uni - new energy, surround myself around positive vibes, not gett… 
oh wow I haven't heard the name Howl's Moving Castle in a REEEAAALLY LONG TIMEdo teenager these days know Studio… 
Nah Christian bale was better, people just hype Keaton because his movies are older 
I'm still waiting and hoping for some Gwilym Lee as Robin Hood fanart in honor of the upcoming audio drama! Where a… 
I thought the Ant Mans were fine, but as heist movies, not as MCU films. 
Mate, the kind of jokers these 2 50yr old guys r, theybwud this drama of alliance discussion after May 23rd too!!!  
Movies Update: Avengers: Endgame TV Spot Has Thanos Ready for Summer's Biggest Showdown 
Movies Update: Johnny Depp Allegedly Wanted Amber Heard Fired from Aquaman #movie, #trailer #newtrailer #news 
Movies Update: Friday the 13th Reunion Movie 13 Fanboy Adds Original Final Girl Adrienne King… 
Movies Update: Missing Halloween 5 Massacre Footage Details Revealed by Michael Myers Actor 
Movies Update: Missing Halloween 5 Massacre Footage Details Revealed by MIchael Myers Actor 
Movies Update: Roman Polanski Sues the Academy to Be Reinstated After Expulsion #movie, #trailer #newtrailer #news 
I listen to songs that you like, watch movies that you like and I tried getting into things that you’re interested… 
Personally offended that every obscure line I remember from indie movies is not immediately available in gif form. 
yaz keeping up with the Kardashians is so boring. oh my God. I need drama. 
What an amazing day at the movies with my church family ndccmemphis seeing breakthroughmovie we had 500 people show… 
Attempting to watch the Marvel movies in sequence... 
UGGH wish I could go back to the good ol days where everything was innefficient, we watched Iconic movies on shitty… 
My phone &amp; social media be dry asf but soon as it’s some drama or something my phone be jumpin ... mfs loving supporting the wrong shit  
3 Naps 2 movies 
The love of my life struggles with anxiety. She isn’t being a drama queen. She’s suffering. Anyo… 
one of the best movies 
Top 10 Scariest Non-Fiction Horror Movies to Stream #horror: I always find that horror movies based off of real hor… 
Maybe.. but there were about 5 TV stations back then, and no laptops, smartphones, Netflix, Twitter, Fox news, Brei… 
Utah Be like 
One of my favorite movies is coming on later today. I'll get to watch the Jews passover and the death angel passove… 
From our friends the "Slow Mo Guys" review slow-motion in 
Evil Dead , The original. The movie is genuinely horrifying then the next two are some of my favorite… 
I’m totally in agreement with about going to movies . I don’t want to hear you smacking your popcorn,… 
Any plans to release it here in #Albuquerque since there was filming done here?  We locals love to see… 
So fun revisiting the 14th century - without even going to the movies 
Movies like Friday just aren't the same when they're on cable. 
Can't take out ladies for movies since they end up falling asleep 5min into the movie. You also can't bring them ov… 
I’m really excited for the two movies that donate and Adam are releasing this year. Mostly for the press tours I ne… 
S: nothing A: Ragnarok, Winter SoldierB: Iron ManC: Both Guardians, Avengers 1D: All movies not o… 
So glad put me on to #SellingSunset As a black woman I'm on guard every time I watch some thing. But this… 
I love how Amanda Du Pont just minds her own business and lets her success speak for itself.  No drama 
"The masses go to movies to feel, not to understand." -- Tsui Hark. 
There are many but I rarely watch movies more than once ...  except for old B&amp;W classics &amp; there are many! 
“The Silk Road: The Journey from China to Turkey,” April 23 
Weyes blood - movies 
Amen 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost - 
We'll miss you Mr. Stark. 
Two movies about toys come out on June 21st, please don’t take your child to one of them lol 
Could Clive Barker have ever conceived of all those spin-off movies at the time he wrote The Heckbound Heart? 
LOL ok so when I went to the movies the other night, I snuck my brother into a rated R movie (he’s 16) and the cash… 
There is problem in Indian left movie Wallahs.. They r either obsessed with Hitler or Godse.. but can't make a sing… 
Perzactly. Americans aren't going to read that report. State TV will never report on what… 
ag! shame man never ba be happy ba... drama fela mo #IsencaneLengane 
Karen Gillan Wants A Nebula And #CaptainMarvel Team-Up - 
Watch Your Favorite Movies Now.....Click...This Link.....?             
and i am not confessing to anything i’ve just noticed u never rlly see women smoking pot in movies or whatever 
Pizza ne movies nalo castle lite  ndizi pholele yazi 
Movies: My must-see summer releases for 2019 
HAPPY 420 everyone! May it be fun filled and drama free. So embrace your inner extraterrestrial or ex… 
And last but not least:10. Zombieland. Humor + zombies + Bill fucking Murray. What more do you need my dudes?! E… 
intellectuals of this current world re mad menscientists are fake/scholars corrupt.i know its hard for you to dig… 
I’m surprised they are showing it. When I was younger the towns around me would of never… 
The drama will continue .....  
And get this, a friend I met through them both, messaged me asking if I wanted to join HIS DnD group, and he plays… 
Is this why my taxes went up? So you could make more movies? 
And in Conclusion? You watch too many Quentin Tarantino movies 
Prom is coming up, can't wait for all the drama. I would love to just have the whole night on a screen in front of… 
My finest hour is that I've fallen asleep while having a beer at the movies during two different cine… 
If you don't like a guy inboxing you , tell him . If he doesn't listen , block him . This screenshot drama is just so unnecessary . 
Superhero movies are bestest. I watched Banshee n I was rather uncomfortable 
idk why i like them they’re fascinating and itna drama and so theatrical just wow 
Read The Hobbit first. You'll want to have snacks on hand. Don't watch any of the movies till you've… 
and  if your looking for middle school action movies, look no further than Battle of the… 
Watching movies with Mama and my little brother,  I cherish these moments 
 twitter drama never ends 
I always forget tremors is in my top ten movies of all time 
quit the drama 
I actually really like the live action Scooby Doo movies. The only bad part was the cgi. 
“We control anything over people’s heads...”#grip #hammer #setlife #bts #womeninfilm 
I didn’t even know there was one before. I’ve never watch Stephen King movies before. I just know that they’re all scary. 
Movie date on a Sunday Or movies indoors with rounds in between.  
I love the drama from the Democrats and not very smart supporters. Did you read it? If Julian Assa… 
what a virgin who goes to the movies by himself ? 
Seriously? Talk about projection - how many movies did this guy play a gangster in?  
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Hollywood isn't going to stop making mo… 
It don't work that way, you have missing kids in your community who are just as important. You like th… 
I been trying to hit you up to audition for some movies/ WildnOut I’m in Memphis, Tn we… 
Are you gonna make a drama alert episode on yourself after this? Nothing better then ableist ppl talking down on ot… 
look, the only thing i will say about the chan drama is that if he dis have a say in the hair, then that's shitty a… 
im a huge lain fan from so many of the roles he did in movies and that one city of vice show he did,… 
It is trash. The outrageous overacting for comedy appeal is the very reason I don’t l… 
Yona of the Dawn: Season One - Part One Blu-ray/DVD $19.99 at Amazon 
Don’t care.  Just watching the movies for entertainment. I rarely look to a celebrity for an opinion 
When th ed drama channel is so dry  that it decides to create drama 
My #Starwars #TheoryWe learn the clone wars was a project for the clone emperor's resurrection. We here throughout… 
Episode 8: Overly exaggersted chase scene to extend on plot points in not a good way. This movies mysterious. Snoke… 
Just rewatched the winter soldier for like the 3rd time and I still think it's one of the best MCU movies of all time. 
That's a great movie, I grew up watching the TMNT!!!! The original 1s, Cory Feldman was Donitello!!! Clas… 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Hail Satan?’ Review: In the Dark Lord (and Religious Freedom) We Trust 
Wrote this piece for on our 2 penguins movies in theaters #penguinhighway 
(Android Tablet) #MTVBRKPOPBTS on Key Features…Cheap Android tablet treats you to all the basic Android features… 
Guys I haven’t watched a good horror in a long ass while. Comment below the scariest movies you’ve watched! 
We believe it. 
The Digimon Movies Vol. 1 (Complete Retrospective) | Billiam  
Ups and downs face chesthu struggle ayyi success aina vallaki2-3 movies tho craze ochina vallaki ch… 
I don’t like and want drama, Celtics deal will come with a lot of demands, Plk n FSS won’t ... 
Maybe he was and maybe he wasn’t. Outside of action movies, very few people can be handed a g… 
Reminds of the day you guys let Fentse come to school and the rest went to the movies Le savage shem 
Taking a small road trip, going to the movies with my girls, and then to treat myself before game night!!! 
I appreciate that but going to multiple apps to find movie times is incon… 
If I could compare my life to a movie , it’ll most definitely be considered one of the life time movies, because th… 
Paul is looking for a girl who likes to take long walks on the beach. Who loves going to the movies and he’ll pay f… 
This is just an observation in the way they are made. Marvel is very much a slave to the typical three act structur… 
This going to sound like a weird statement but if you look at Marvel, they make movies based on comic books, but DC… 
THERE WILL BE 16 MORE MOVIES 
Without star Director, USA 1 million -0Sai pallavi - 2 (MCA, Fida)#LadyOriented 
Many Native Americans, especially those of older generations who were subjected to boarding schools for In… 
The older I get the more I realise that I have zero energy for high maintenance relationships and drama which I cal… 
New #AvengersEndgame Promo Teases The End Of Iron Man's Journey - 
Recommending two wonderful movies I recently viewed in late-night decompression. These are for those who love natur… 
Pass. Summer is for being drama free, having freedom to go to any beach and have the results of being in… 
Some news for our viewers/fans/followers (I don’t know what we are) of Historians At The Movies, especially… 
Isn't murder and assault already illegal?This is pandering at it's finest...how about u deal with t… 
I probably say this once a week. He even makes bad movies good. 
I was annoyed less last night because there were so many drama questions. "Hey Dame, did you see R… 
But that's what you getting paid for mos? So why are you complaining? You might as well take a transfer yaz. So much drama 
Yeah but I believe that the after credits scene in Teen Titans Go to the movies hinted at the possibil… 
Stop showing them in movies then. 
Fully express your vision with full-frame quality and cutting-edge camera shake. Create movies of breathtaking visu… 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                      
Birthday Suit shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Here’s the full video for all the drama queen haters who only saw the cherry picked editions that make these two lo… 
I only thought there was 2 movies until today so idk and now I've been enlightened to find out that… 
Top story: Trailers of the Week: ‘Child’s Play,’ ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw,’ ‘Big Little Lies’ – Rolling Stone… 
Ena le everything drama, romance, friction, porn, horror 
Bollywood has done as much for the movie industry as Hollywood. In fact a lot of Hollywood m… 
Love this movie! One of the first creature feature / monster movies that got me into horror. 
if you know what i mean, comment the movies that made u feel this way -i have too many to name... 
do you ever watch a movie, and it impacts you so hard you're just sitting there taking it all in for a long time -… 
What if Shahrukh Khan’s movies were always shit and it’s just us who have matured?? 
Sporty Outfits -  Clothes Casual Outift for • teens • movies • girls • women •. summer ... - Looks Magazine | Home… 
Karen Gillan Says Bring Tissues And Diapers To #AvengersEndgame - 
EASTER EGG PROMOTION - 30 DISCOUNT CODES WHEN YOU SUBMIT YOUR FILM - DEADLINE 6TH MAY 2019 * 1st come 1t Serve. See… 
Crime shows and medical drama 
called "Dumb and Dumber and Dumberer" SO THEN I WAS LIKE hmmm  what if all 3 movies were on 1 big DVD set and they… 
What's your theory about the great finale? #forthethrone These are ours #GameOfThrones 
ALL SOLD OUT MOVIES DM ME NOW! STILL HAVE A FEW!! DM TO GET YOUR TICKET. 
hi. I recently connected my explora to the internet but now i have disconnected it. The problem is I can'… 
I loved The Last Jedi and Captain Marvel. There was nothing seriously wrong with t… 
When I said “I hope college is like the TV shows and movies” I wasn’t referring to Dear White People 
I have her blocked to because she is full of drama 
Watching movies on the plane was like one of the main highlights of this trip 
There were 3 movies? 
Favorite stoner classic movies? I gotta say how high, next friday, savages, blow, and heavyweights. 
Ok so if the Drama Dress from yesterday is not you, how about the Whistle Tunic? - named so for the whistles you'll… 
Hot take:WWE Films is working on a remake of #ThePuppetMaster horror film and is being cast as the… 
Are the books better than the movies? Because I hated the last movie so much lol 
Pineapple Express is the best stoner movie, Seth Rogen movies are bomb  
Could be why George Conway is calling for impeachment. There are “never Trumpers” who love stacking t… 
No!!! Tati needs to be slapped al she brings is bs and drama! 
#Movie "Distorted Frequency" (2014) 
the actor is in B movies Who is the loser then? 
*nearly has a Rage Monster moment from the vic Drama and Kojin* 
Still one of my fav Christmas movies. Never miss it. 
That's right out of the John Wick movies.  
I don't know Bond movies but I think thats Scaramanga? Did you mean this guy? 
if you write a great song, you want to share it. If you don't, it's almost like you never wrote it. Musi… 
I'm watching Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017)#InfinitySagaMarathon (15/22) #trakt 
The scene in DIE HARD where John McClane throws the C4 down the elevator is one of my favorite explosions in movies. 
Can you promote kids movies with 4/20??? Wut lol  
Hi Everyone,I enjoy watching movies very much often playing them multiple times to look for details missed. The th… 
Movies over 2.5 hours should have an intermission 
We don't doubt it. 
Space Looks Inspiration provided by Pierre Marly, French optician.DRAMA CLUB : ASTRO VOYAGE INTERGALACTIC QUEER… 
Just one more thing... 45 years ago today in 1974 #PeterFalk, of the crime-drama series #Columbo, was featured on… 
He’s always been a drama queen regardless of the issue, right/wrong, principled… 
Have a favourite movie about memory? Check out our faves here  another movie about… 
When a drama YouTuber thinks he is an expert in mental health and says something this dumb...Big yikes. 
I think tonight on Periscope we shall have some more discussion of inciting mob mentality, lying &amp; libel laws onlin… 
that "racist" Kate Smith song was a lyrical precursor to "Blazing Saddles." The blatant racism was designed to demo… 
There seems to be a premise that compelling Week 17 drama can only happen wi… 
Ok this is one of those movies that even though it's bad I can't stop watching it. I watch it any chance I get. 
White people are so psychotic, it’s always white people in movies who are psychos 
Yes I would rather have baker NOW than Eli.… 
You r right. Thanks for pointing that out. Most of these fake artists exhib… 
Maybe we should all focus on healing ourselves rather than on drama, and the drama will diminish... 
Try and stay out of #office drama and politics as you strive to work you way up in a #company.… 
No. More black panther movies ant man spider man etc 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama 
Yeah worst thing to do is pay attention to reviews and let that solely determine what to enjo… 
I just remembered that I went to a Guillermo del Toro exibit about 2 years ago and bought a collection pack of his… 
I don't know mfethu, and drama again  
1) I think baker will be amazin… 
Is it just me or what? But does anyone remember those old black and white gangsters movies,… 
Horror movies where nobody survives &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Am I the only person turned off of movies, tv shows, books that feature a strong female lead that surprisingly gets pregnant? 
Doctor Strange had to be one of the best Marvel Movies that that's like my favorite superhero. He never like had po… 
Just a lil drama  
This is great news... now maybe one of the “Lord of the Rings” movies will finally be able win an Academy Award for… 
Disney+ is ten years too late. Disney only produces sequel/prequel animation, remakes of animation in… 
When your sister lives on the other side of the world and there’s developing family drama, you do whatever it takes… 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                       
Think about this. . .MN is democrat led with both US senators being democrats - the 35W b… 
Captain Marvel movies 
Planned to have popcorn and wine while I watch movies tonight, I’m just going to wait to do it at my place. Ke naaar hnm. 
Bruh I HAVE to go seen AVENGERS ENDGAME imma CRY when i watch that shit ive been watching those movies since i was like 7 
Just don't watch any movies about Chucky 
Man on fireLaw abiding citizenSet it offFrom Paris with loveFace offGone girlBlide sideProposal,… 
Rewatching #Avengers movies and everyone has Ironman thinking only he can be the Hero and knows bes… 
Social Butterfly color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Dra… 
Karen Gillan Says She Has No Idea How #AvengersEndgame Ends - 
#Papgeld Doctor Malinga is making this show a joke manje.. Theres no drama anymore, nobody running around.. its such a bore manje 
2nite lets discuss inciting hate &amp; mob mentality, proof of scripted drama &amp; a SPECIAL INTERVIEW pst  
Too many rules, too much drama, pew. 
Watch #awardwinning #indiefilm #druidpeakmovie with &amp;… 
Counterpoint: we’ve seen several good X-Men movies, but we’ve never once seen a good Fantastic Four movie  
Opening weekend is here! We are so glad to be back, it sure was a long winter! Catch FREE MOVIES tonight! Spider… 
There is a lot of drama when dealing with someone who has a child, i raised her child from… 
Everyone have a great weekend and a fun time watching movies!A public service message from your buds at… 
28 #Drama Scenes for two #Actors - #stage #actorslife 
Because of the movies I’d say Thor 
Movies 2019 - 127. ThanksKilling (2009; written by FIVE PEOPLE; directed by Jordan Downey) 1/2 (1 1/2 tacos)Sl… 
This will be the biggest drama of this #NFL draft  
I'm an anthropologist, over the last 4 years I developed a research about the entertainment distrib… 
Top sports movies to watch on 4/201. Space Jam 2. Dodgeball 3. Semi-Pro4. Talladega Nights 5. Happy Gilmore… 
I need Chicken licken wings McDonald's friesIce creamChicken shawarma DoughnutsGreat movies. Hela 
One week until Endgame and I still have like 12 movies to rewatch  
Bourne movies are the best. 
Poor girl is getting cheated on but when I told her she said I’m trying to start drama and I swear that’s what ever… 
This one is a drama queen 
LISTEN UP ARMYS..ONCE BBMAS VOTING STARTSKPOPIES WILL PROBABLY START A DRAMA AND POST SOME TOXIC STUFF TO GET O… 
Wow house drama 
Bangz - Take You To The Movies 
New Old Republic Star Wars Movies in Production According to Inside Source! - Star Wars Movie News StarWars 
Sounds like we may be seeing Hawkeye's wife in Endgame. 
Bam! On point. Most of those movies were old then, but so classic. We loved old films and music when… 
Let there be no doubt: if there’s a #HarryPotter marathon on where I can watch it, I will, no matter how many times… 
is really good in drama, no doubt on that, one of the good actor in s… 
There’s cosplays out there that look better than some monsters in scary movies 
When They See Us - Official Trailer #Movies #TV 
In ‘Once Upon a Time in Hollywood’, Leonardo DiCaprio is Full of Self-Pity, and Brad Pitt Can Kill You With a Spoon… 
What is a movie you would consider ahead of its time? #Movies #TV 
My Proposed Synopsis For Fast &amp; Furious 9 #Movies #TV 
ORSON WELLES FAN ARTby gauntt#orsonwelles #falstaff #chimesatmidnight #cine #film #movies #director #producer… 
Weta Digital, the VFX Company Behind 'Lord of the Rings' and 'Avatar', Are Working On A24’s Upcoming Medieval-Fanta… 
Back in the day men used to put on suits just to go to the movies lol 
Just to start up drama. 
Why not run a thread about the chances of OKC taking over momentum and getting back in the series? How… 
happy Taurus Season and happy 4/20!!  were gettin real high and watching classic stoner movies over h… 
I'm watching Jeremiah Tower: The Last Magnificent (2016) #trakt 
I believe in her. We stan since our meganebu days^0^ did you know the crystal and wizard danshi have been… 
#HappyBirthday to #ClintHoward, whose first prominent role was that of "Mark Wedloe" on the CBS family-adventure-dr… 
smokin endless doobies like we live in the movies 
Why does always make movies about joining an old lady club. 
Watching Switch: Change the World Drama (30/32) via #MyDramaList 
I think the premise of the movie has been done before..., in a couple of movies so ... *yawn* won’t even s… 
nylon mom videos nylon free movie nylongirls nylonfeet videos nylon in movies nylon xxx tube feetinnylon amateurfet… 
To avoid going into depression I'm gonna watch old musicals this weekend. Starting with some Gene Kelly movies. 
My mom ruins everything  we’ve been watching movies with my brother kamnandi kanjani, she just got here 5 minutes… 
OMG, this is so not true.  Did you care about those that were downhearted during the Obama’s admin? Ec… 
God, I forgot how much I love Gene Kelly movies. 
Going to the movies. 
 I love the confidence! I'll be relaxed as I watch the drama unfold come 20:15. 
Watchin #insidious.On my own. Lights out....am a big fan of horror movies  
Clint Eastwood knows ! #FakeNews new movie. Great Movies in the past year: Gosnell, Unplanned, Death of a Nation, M… 
I hope tonight's episode is spicy... well, don't we just love drama? #Papgeld 
I remember Kate Smith appearing on several shows in the 70’s when I was a teen. She was also in many old movies 
Moves movies MOVIES 
Kim Kardashian spoke out about the Operation Varsity Blues Scandal in an upcoming CNN interview. 'I would never wan… 
Anna Pacquin in the XMen movies is a solid honorable mention though. 
Wow I’m cured. Guess I won’t have to take CBD oil anymore because I’ll no longer have a full blown anxiety attack a… 
So Pretty shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
I think it’s so funny when people tease me about being jumpy during horror movies, it’s not just scary movies my fr… 
#LorettaYoung of the anthology-drama series #TheLorettaYoungShow on the cover of #TVGuide this date in 1957. 
Me texting my cousin about the latest family drama 
come back for another go with more Thor movies!!! For a marvel fan like myself you have brought one… 
This is the “Fake Generation.”  Fake News/fake vacations/fake friends/fake parties/fake FB/SnapCha… 
---A Fox Tale - A short animation HD Aimation Movies Music Animation, animation movies full movies english,Disney,… 
Midnight Movies - Saint Motel 
That’s she I’m talking about.  It’s not for forever.  Although,… 
Bored? Find a church where there's a wedding service, open doors run in and shout"I still love you honey!" Wait for the drama. 
Watch broadcast: SHUT UP FAKE BISHHHHHHHH #TALK #GOLIVE #TWITTER #PERISCOPE #DRAMA 
Reading some of those comments during the vl*ve was just disappointing. He honestly has nothing to ap*logize for. N… 
Movies 2019 - 126. Waiting to Exhale (1995; written by Terry McMillan and Ronald Bass; directed by Forest Whitaker)… 
Watching Just Between Lovers Drama (7/16) via #MyDramaList 
Yeah, I probably won’t be seeing that many DeNero movies in the future. 
8 Movies That Will Make You Call Your Girl Squad - Elite Daily 
Mark why don’t you defend POTUS you have it all figured like a one hour tv drama. Guess thats for… 
Video games are way more engaging than movies though, you actively control what happens and what you do in it. 
Truely sad.  Once a fan, but he's become so vitriolic towards the president that I don… 
#HappyBirthday to #ElenaVerdugo (RIP), best remembered for her role as office assistant/nurse Consuelo Lopez in the… 
Consumers might have a little more confidence in purchasing digital video if agreed… 
Of course I’ve seen movies just didn’t think you would get the gist of it because it originated from th… 
Hello, I noticed an error in the "100 Best Movies on Hulu Right Now" post on The Piano i… 
What was it like working on Coffee Town with . That is still one of the best movies ever made... 
Sorry everyone! No stream this weekend. I want to keep things fun and this weekend I kinda just want to watch movie… 
Just watched two great #filmnoir on the First was #Nightfall directed by Jacques Tourneur in 1957… 
I guess I don't pay too much attention to the stats on followers.  I try to follow back if it appears to… 
guys show some love and sub to my other channels not just about drama THANKS 
8 Star Wars movies, and I haven't watched a single one.  
"...And you're not just another shill taking a paycheck from an evil system of oppressi… 
Eagles 2019 schedule...hold the drama... - National Football League News - 
 there’s people you can b mad at, just not me cause I will gladly move away from you and your drama yaz  
This is unnecessary drama especially towards our team that was thrown under the bus because people don… 
Today/Tomorrow? Movies and than grab food after? 
But her emails, but Benghazi, but his birth certificate, etc, please save us your drama, and is ni… 
Spoken by a true wanna be gangster! Too bad he’s only one in the movies  
#HappyBirthday to #RyanOneal, who portrayed Rodney Harrington from 1964-1969 in the prime time serial drama… 
So vele they couldn't find better dancers to play the leads in all the step up movies? 
Even after mcu movies still will hit billion, captain marvel and black panther and maybe end… 
Disney Plus unveiled as rival to Netflix, Apple TV Plus: Marvel, Pixar, Simpsons, Nat Geo, and more available to st… 
If you haven’t seen a #Marvel movie in a while, then you may want to consider watching at least some of these movie… 
Bohemian Rhapsody ...Rami Malek killed it! Easily one of the best movies I’ve ever watched 
Out of control. True locals - teachers, state employees, etc. can't pay these taxes at all or without… 
#LittleWoods is now playing at #LagoonCinema. Watch the intensely empathetic drama this weekend.… 
#420weekendThe Best Movies to Watch When You're Super 
I like the cut of your jib kid -exhales cigar smoke- so lets roll with your idea.Don't forget it… 
I need a burn candles, fat blunt , wings and candy, some fruity ass mixed drinks that I won’t realize are hitting m… 
Ever since Touga lost the duel to Utena he has just been languishing in a dark room listening to classical music on… 
One of those rare occasions where the epic and exciting trailer promised all and the movie delivered.… 
What ever happened to that trend of really really weird movies  that took place in pre-established universes from t… 
Prolly cause it’s some 9th grade ass drama. Even though they have grown up drama that’s equivalent  
WEATHER DRAMA : CEILING COLLAPSE : CLEARWATER MALL. JHB. GP. ENTRANCE 9 PARKING AREA ROOF. NO INJURIES. 
Nah captain marvel had strong legs week after week which means people went ba… 
Yeah of course I like movies. I really don’t go to them anymore. Like I’ve never seen any of… 
If Smith had to become captain despite his scandal, he could’ve been given the captaincy at the start of IPL 2019.… 
For me, I really don't like action/superhero movies (besides Thor!!), but my favorite vegetable is those gross cann… 
It’s really frustrating that the Swamp Thing movies, 3-season TV series, and limited animated series aren’t on… 
I am the HeyWatchYourMouth of creating drama 
I can't watch horror movies 
x DP Sean Pollock using the SUV as a dolly! ““““#theblockcaptain #filmfestivals #stories #drama… 
me too i used to love his movies ..now i cant even remember his name 
I haven't watched TV or MSM since 2005! I literally gave away my TV &amp; never looked back.I still wat… 
He is great at starting drama 
No. Everybody loses in those movies. Also that's reserved for a Sharks and Canes series 
The sharks lose in the Sharknado movies, right? 
O R A C L E #Film #Video #TV #Movies #IndieFilm #Filmmaking #Filmmakers… 
i’m kinda tryna smoke &amp; watch more scary movies today wow 
NEW MB #Monologue "The Sad Reality We Both Exist In" #drama #writing #stage 
Series en netflix.Awake (drama, 1 temporada, 13 capitulos)Brooklyn nine-nine (comedia, 4T, 20 cap c/u aprox) 
Karen Gillan Says #AvengersEndgame's Going To Be The Best Superhero Film Of All-Time - 
You guys drama is crazy Just delete this it's not worth it 
It certainly helps limit the drama! 
Earning #cryptocurrency for selling my stuff on Join me using code "DDGJLC" for an extra 100 XNK. I just l… 
Hope you’re all enjoying this beautiful spring Saturday. I’m gonna go spin some vinyl and watch more Marvel movies.  
I am definitely planning on having you on a couple episodes.  I just need to figure out what guests fo… 
Wrath of Khan is still the best of the Star Trek movies and the template for every new one. 
I think ill smoke all day and watch movies. Happy 4/20 
The Best Movies to Watch When You're Super Stoned: 
 also who takes infants to movies? 
I'm exhausted. But these ones want to go to the movies  
Exactly. There are some critics that I tend to agree with most of the tim… 
I played the ever popular:1x… 
I love these movies!! Definitely need more of them in my life 
I think I just inhaled some second hand Twitter drama. 
The rewatchables. Bill Simmons and guests just chat about movies. 
Other Mineral Microfine Candy slick glowy lip c… 
The “Spring Day” drama was clearly a moment of tension between them. I don’t understand why people… 
I recently purchased the first three #Pokémon movies with the English dub. Is it normal that Ash's voice sounds lik… 
I’m too asexual to the point my mom tries to get me cake for romance movies because she knows I would just hide anyway 
Enni cricket based movies vachina, chinnappudu Vasantham cinema lo ni screen paina chudadam appatlo m… 
....I don’t know about you Bette because I haven’t seen you lately in any movies or tele… 
drama queen feel the beat from the tambourine oh yeah 
kids are like movies; the first one’s usually the best one 
Does this include books and movies? If so: PJO? 
Nedbank cup drama . Arrows  bites the dust 
Please get our tax money back from those who were responsible in starting this witch hunt. America… 
Wether you love or hate the movie, you have to admit that's a pretty awesome thing for him. This is… 
"Frozen" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Why are u so much drama 
#AvengersInfinityWar Writer Admits Cap Didn't Get Enough Lines - 
guess who started a countdown till i see shawn on my drama teacher’s board i - 
25 Real Life Places that Inspired the Makers of Disney Movies  
just going on twitter to say i jUST FINISHED SKY CASTLE AND I STILL FEEL DEAD THAT WAS THE MOST CRAZY DRAMA IVE EVE… 
i know theres another close by just dont wanna go out of my way to get a movie now since im at home now… 
One of my favourite is zombie movies 
Let's take a minute to appreciate #KitHarington  #GameOfThrones 
Fine by us. 
Animated 'Pilgrim's Progress' can aid moviegoers who desire to evangelize 'in an era when the culture often stands… 
was founded with one goal in mind - revolutionize the women’s intimates industry 
La Llorona is one of the best scary movies that have come out in a while imo. Definitely recommend 
Nice! It’s cloudy and rainy for me. Lol But it’s the perfect day to watch movies!  
I hate people that love drama  
#Its420AndINeed one nice day without any rain (or drama). 
I love the character for the drama. You just thirst for his comeuppance. Such an awful cunt of a v… 
Linda Cardellini Hints At Hawkeye's Wife Returning In #AvengersEndgame - 
Don’t try to guess where I’m or what I’m doing by looking my stories lol you’ll never know &amp; I be on the move… 
Yes, I go to the movies early in thee morning. Dont judge me. 
I watched the #movie "The Post" last night and I have mixed feelings  about it. It was good to know what went on, b… 
'Chicago': Jon Seda, Colin Donnell &amp; Norma Kuhling Exit NBC Drama Franchise (Nellie Andreeva / Deadline)… 
Every time #RobertDeNiro trashes the president the way he does, it makes me not want to watch any of his movies. 
Mark Hamill Is Taking Voicing Chucky In #ChildsPlay Very Seriously 
I'm glad I have Aspergers. On the outside I'm a pretty woman. On the inside I'm an A/V geek from 1985. I c… 
Who was your first furry crush? (This includes older movies and cartoons) 
Why grab a.skinny n..... like that , when you could have folded him in plastic bag and save us all th… 
It’s nice to have new movies, but the storyline is not good! 
Achieve the same result with impeaching Barr &amp; avoids the Trump base drama 
So true n it’s kind of creepy lol. She gives the ladies plenty of material for storylines n creates lots of drama t… 
My momma does a lot for me but she’s never handled my drama on twitter and I’m thankful 
Just found out about on I'm in episode 4 of the first season and it is HILARIOUS! Family… 
I love you sweets but that movie is so not worth the emotional drama. Its literally a slap in the… 
I just signed a lease on an apartment so does this mean that I’m allowed to go to PG-13 movies without adult supervision? 
Ironic fact:  I haven't watched ANY of the Avengers movies that came out, only seen clips of them from youtube &amp; su… 
There has to be movies somewhere somehow, I don’t know. I guess it’s the thought that counts, andithi hambond’tyisa… 
Firends, it so refreshing to listen to an X-Men podcast that’s done more than watch the movies/carto… 
‘The Crown’ Casts Its Princess Diana - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
You watch too many movies, order! 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                                 
The Report is a PDF, there's no drama. Impeachment is TEEEEVEEEE!!! When you get something that people can see for… 
For #SaturdayMorning entertainment checkout these books that should be movies introducing children to history The… 
Avengers: Endgame Directors Working On Stan Lee Documentary 
We produced an evangelistic drama this year and wrote it to highlight this very question. The idea was to address t… 
You and me both with all these creator owned properties getting shows and movies, I think… 
Top 6 Best Horror Movies Where Everyone Dies #horror: Here is a bunch of the best horror movies where everyone dies… 
We go out on dates with potentials, go out with the girls, read books, go out to the movies alone and fo… 
Snoop Dogg Told Us That Stoned Matthew McConaughey Is 'the Greatest Rapper in the World' 
ahahah you attack other people and then tweet if anything happens to me. drama drama drama. 
Korean-developed #cinema with #4D screen and motion seats to replace shuttered Van Ness AMC 
Fresh News From Hop to Easter Parade: The Top 12 Easter Movies to Watch This Holiday 
Dumbo has always been one of my most beloved movies &amp; this one? There are no words  
Use drama teachers everyone I know of was great with mental health 
#Movie "How Hard Could It Be" (2015) 
Can wait for the day I host my bf over for a 90s movies marathon. 
I just watched Amazon Prime's documentary/drama by Alex Jones, "The Obama Deception." It was kinda high class garba… 
Mike Leigh Got Away with Murder with ‘Peterloo,’ But Lost Amazon a Ton of Money via 
Too Many Movies: At the Art Institute yesterday, incredible sculpture of Samson and the lion, my im… 
Marvel Looking To Develop A Valkyrie TV Show, Tessa Thompson To Star - 
And more council drama too! 
Those are excellent movies. I took your advice and researched #flatearth. Want to hear my findings… 
#GloriaBell continues this weekend. Watch the vibrant drama now. Get Tix: 
A bias anchor don't even allow BJP member to speak or panellists who speak Truth about congress ,why one shou… 
Tired of OVERPAYING for Cable? Stream all the Hottest &amp; Latest Show, Movies, &amp; More! 
Or, make your own drama, as I like to say 
"#HighLife is some kind of strange masterpiece, &amp; its brutality is ultimately matched by its exquisite tenderness o… 
This week the Richmond Heights Memorial Library has 53 new books and four new movies. 
She doesn't do anything for the people who elected her. She's more concerned with the green new… 
Understandable. 
This week the Salina Public Library has 149 new books, 33 new movies, and 28 new music CDs. 
The Family Complete 
End Laundry Day Drama: 5 Hacks To Make Doing Laundry Easier 
I also lived through it. I made movies about it. I was there in the thick of the storm, where no woman… 
drama queens of the century 
Kevin Brownlow Thinks a Treasure Trove of ‘Lost’ Silent Films Is Collecting Dust in Cuba via 
Everyone’s out living their best lives and I’m in bed watching movies Lmao whaaaat even. 
Ohhh! Can’t wait. The first season of VS reminded me why I like turkish drama! Great show! 
Remember what it was like to have a normal administration? Remember the “no drama” Obama administration? Those were… 
As usual it's this one particular fat funny White woman...I am not sure of her name but she cared many movies like… 
I could offer some experience with:-Veterinary work (10yrs as a technician)-Cannabi… 
my favorite reality TV show personality ever! Even when you're off air and not in front of… 
Parties ain’t shit compared to ordering food and drinks, have her laying on your chest,having deep conversations,li… 
The first &amp; second ones. I had to take my kids to the movies so it was for them. I mean, I w… 
Exactly, my sentiments precisely! Bahahaha, I had researched the movies she starred… 
Also, can’t compare movies with different gender leads because why? I thought we’re… 
And I LOVE Infinity War - the ending works SO well - but I’m just very connected to the Guardians cha… 
The acting in the Step Up movies may be terrible but damn if the dancing doesn't get me hype every time. 
The 10 Most Original Horror Movies of The 21st Century 
10 Great Movies Where The Villain Wins 
Cuz ur a drama queen 
I totally get that! I’m a big fan of “hangout” movies though that prioritize character &gt; plot, so the… 
I don’t understand how so many people don’t care. Like so many movies about shh like this… 
Yeah but we're talking about a guy who's made his entire internet career out of manufacturing drama.… 
just came on here to say that i daydreamed for the first time today, (i never do) and it was about my future w aj:… 
Drama in Clermont as TS Galaxy equalises through Zuke's own goal! #NedbankCup2019 
I mean... You can pretty easy guess the ending to endgame due to how they want to sell more movies and other accessories 
am home brotherMovies in the memory stick 
There’s no way he would have them kiss each other if he knew they were brothers an… 
Drama free is the way to be 
I wanna take my baby to the movies 
baby momma drama 
We see flashbacks of Henry Wu’s perspective from the last five movies, showing the transition from good to bad 
There are so many new movies in 2018 let's immediately save and visit our official website address here : 
First weekend audiences for most Marvel movies are rowdy e… 
What is the most terrifying or unsettling line of dialogue ever uttered by a villain? #Movies #TV 
Seems like that’s one that will get covered right? The… 
The Best Stoner-Friendly Movies On Netflix For 420 
I have 2 friends I hang w and let me tell you , not having drama filled ass people in my life is soooo good 
BATMAN v SUPERMAN Made More Money for JIM STARLIN Than All MARVEL Movies Combined 
Why are they presenting it like a vintage radio drama? 
#FilmTwitter check out awesome podcast on new releases and his experience at TCM Classic Movie Festi… 
I didn’t go to Columbine and I’m sure many of its students feel differently than I do but I was impacted. I drove b… 
now everyone is friends!(they can sit on the double decker couch and watch movies together and be buddies!)#DuneWatch 
Cuddles and movies 
Bore-ank deserved to flop, overconfident cast bringing a costume drama with no emotion.  
My eyelids feel like sausages hhsshshsk I’ve been up all night watching ji soo’s new drama,,, I have like 3 more hr… 
THE ASCENT 2019 Director's Cut #Film #Video #TV #Movies #IndieFilm… 
Just be honest &amp; be upfront with us on the word go. Don’t lead astray creating some false hope/ expect… 
Iger: #StarWarsIX Movies Will Go on 'Hiatus' After Episode 
I recently discovered your channel and you’ve quickly become one of my favorite YouTubers. I really… 
It's so bad it's good. It's on TubiTV, which is a free (and legal) site for movies and some subbed anime. 
Think there is going to be more drama with this pair watch this space 
Soul Mate shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Dra… 
Isn't that standard procedure though? If horror movies have taught me anything it's that you don't mes… 
I've got all the old ADV DVDs except CH 91 and I will rebuy them all. Also, I believe one of those mov… 
By the way, I'm a Pole &amp; I don't see many names ending in ski in any prominent positions or any positive stories ab… 
I took 1 of the kids to see Shazam at the movies. One of the child characters were vegan and the… 
I don’t understand why is not tweeting about these countdown movies as each airs (… 
Hollywood helps support the Democratic talking point that white supremacy is rampant. They do this in ma… 
Sorry drama queen, you were not threatened by Huckabee. However, One could say lopping off heads is a threat! 
We will be closed for Easter on Sunday, April 21st. Please "eggs"cuse the inconvenience. Stop by any branch today t… 
Not only does this show your ignorance of scripture but your theology is piss poor mate. Spend more time reading th… 
i go out of my way in the name is showmanship..... just to get shitted on anyway. smh i am going to spend this entire day watching movies. 
This is my favorite moment in "Rocky Balboa". This movie, "Rocky 3" and the first "R… 
Dirtyticians never cease to amaze me. April Ryan is such a drama queen/ attention whore. The… 
This has been Nolin's HP TED Talk.All valid points &amp; I am in agreement.  Firenze teaching at the… 
Geez why bother? Let the franchise die a respectable death, theres over 50 years of movies to enjoy. 
You're going way too farWhy don't you go back to to only thing you're good at, drama 
Not only does this show your ignorance of scripture but your theology is piss poor mate. Spend more time… 
Mark N Tompkins Trailers of the Week: ‘Child’s Play,’ ‘Hobbs and Shaw,’ ‘Big Little Lies 2’ 
We need to remind ourselves that movies are made for audiences NOT critics. 
Y’all really never seen these movies before lol 
I remember the drama all so well! I remember the outfit not being worn  But we had so much fu… 
30 Horror Movies "Based on a True Story" - Horror Movie True Stories 
How am I having Full Length Movie DREAMS during sleep filled with drama, story lines, plots, action, monsters, fun,… 
So far for 2019, I've only seen like 6 movies released this year, but my favorite is no doubt Escape Room.  I actua… 
I will never go out of my way to be mean to someone. Idc if you’re a friend, or a stranger. I’m not going to bully… 
Who Is La Llorona? - 'The Curse of La Llorona' Legend Meaning 
The perfect companion for #GameofThrones is not a sword , it's this map!  
Hallmark movies are the only place where young, attractive singles treat each other as if they have zero need to ge… 
Are you a fan of horror? Into movies such as Friday The 13th and Halloween? Then read Killer In The Woods and exper… 
Can't wait to see it. 
Skam's Vilde Takes On Body Positivity and Feminism in Norway When Norwegian teen drama Skam hit local TV network NR… 
That's what I told him. He's watching movies today, so he might have popcorn later. 
Being alone and watching sad movies&gt;&gt; 
I am so heartbroken over this washing.It's a thunderstorm from nowhere outside and I just can't risk it. At least… 
That’s true. Witches, high priests, sorcerers, wizards! Harry Potter movies tell truth! 
Remember This: Southbound (2015) #movie #throwback #horror: New indie horror anthology film Southbound (2015) looks… 
Here's a snip of "Uber Chronicles pt. 2" go to to see the entire epic-sode and also check out pt.1 stay t… 
Yes, that’s it. You really know mov… 
nylon hd video nylon clad legs fetishnation videos nylon xhamster nylon nylon mom movies nylon mature feet nylonxxx… 
I think I spend too much time tweeting about movies and not enough time writing about or actually writing them. 
I'm going to watch the 2011 Homestead race again. Incredible drama and amazing driving by Smoke. 
Happy #420 #fourtwenty from Hack Movies! Roll up a fatty of that sweet, sweet Columbian Smoke WEEED and burn that s… 
Popular movies that have not aged well - Business Insider #SmartNews All of these are being viewed with the lens of… 
"Watch now Movies — Teljes2019 
I honestly don't know what you're trying to say. Marvel movies are targe… 
Wtf? Have you ever seen the ma &amp; pa kettle movies?! 
A new movie was added to the media server:Dirty Harry (1971) [H264 · 720p · R · 7.8/10] is now available in the Mo… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Sudden Impact (1983) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.6/10] is now available in the… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Magnum Force (1973) [H264 · 720p · R · 7.2/10] is now available in the M… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Bouncer (2018) [H264 · SDp · R · 6.1/10] is now available in the Mov… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Enforcer (1976) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.8/10] is now available in the M… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Dead Pool (1988) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.3/10] is now available in the… 
I need more animation movies! 
Don, I watch Late Night now more than I did in 1986. I watch movies but Late Night is the ONLY TV I watch. 
Unfortunately there are kids that play even games like destiny ( blowing creatures heads of… 
80s B movies and Satanic cults 
Its very sad. When I think of her in movies, and she's been in so many great ones I lik… 
I’ve rewatched over half of the MCU movies in the past 2 weeks and still have a few more to go before culminating i… 
This week the Six Mile Regional Library District has 49 new books and nine new movies.  New items include The Miste… 
I have all the movies but I still have to watch when on a regular channel #HarryPotter #PotterHead Beaver Shores,… 
That's so funny! I liked the original. Creepy? Yes!  Movies were good enough that they didn't need special effects. 
Worst made w/ decent $? Worst all around? Or movies that just make us really mad?Either way PUPPY… 
"An enjoyable portrayal of family issues and relationships." TEN DAYS IN PARADISE 
not like we haven't seen the convos, the rooms on the profiles, the fucking actual accounts rating the movies, FOOL… 
ARE WE FINALLY GONNA GET THE FWT AND OTRII MOVIES??? 
We went to the movies &amp; I told her I was paying...she asked me where I get money from  
it feels so good to not even know about Twitter drama because I'm not on my timeline 
Maybe Alyssa and Sean can film movies in Venezuela since they refuse to g… 
This has been my (kinda a joke) theory about a number of the movies they have planned with snapped charact… 
Have you ever seen the Friday the 13th movies?No?Well you look just like this girl that was in the 6th one. 
Too many low-budget movies on Netflix  
Or perhaps Berry does.  he knows he won’t get an answer but asks multiple questions… 
See Tom Hughes in an Exclusive Video from the New Spy Drama Red Joan 
My drama head told me I would never make it in the industry.I've done theatre, TV, movies, voiced animated movies… 
Man, mk11 continues to be a love letter to the entire franchise, including the movies. 
Adults who take super hero movies seriously are more childish than children 
#Movie "Catch Me If You Can" (1998) 
They’re just trying to sensationalise the debate to make for a more interesting show to get more l… 
I never listen to critics. I can enjoy a movie for the story regardless of the spec… 
Dumbo is dull and empty and unpleasant: 
If you guys need a little refresher before the Endgame, watch these MCU movies before hand. 
EA’s Next ‘Star Wars’ Game Looks Promising—and Raises Eyebrows - Barron's 
TRY! Drama at Newlands with the being awarded a penalty try after the halftime whistle had sounded. Br… 
If we are being honest, he’s literally Ganke from miles morales. I doubt he’ll be becoming any villa… 
Agreed - one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Im Student doing drama at University of Kwazulu natal.I wsh can be an actor.i always post on social media about me… 
See now they ( whomever  they are ) want to ban songs from Kate Smith even get rid of her statue. Here is an idea l… 
Here’s the thing: a lot of those shows/movies have levels of violence that I cannot handle. Battlestar’s filming ma… 
This week the Tulsa City-County Library System has 721 new books, 39 new movies, and 12 new music CDs. 
Amy wins Individual Best Speaker trophyThe event was organised by the Speech &amp; Drama College of SA 
True/False may be long past us, but if you're the type to watch documentaries all year long, here are some suggesti… 
I enjoy Zizek's rambling commentary in small doses (particularly about movies). But the whole is far, f… 
No, there will be no apology from the Democrats.Their pride will not allow them to… 
“The one constant through all the years, Ray, has been baseball ... This field, this game - it's a part of our past… 
No. I havent seen any of the avengers movies, but i’d be willing to bet this is not “the end”.  There’s… 
 you people like drama. Yerrr 
 don’t do a film because it is Dharma produced same goes for stop being ka chamchas… 
Now it's first class,… 
I agree in principle.  But I think I like their choice.Firstly Bucky and Steve have gotten two full… 
Lol why does this remind me of the drama community  
that sucks — I think you’re right, it’s something with caps or at the machine level. I ran into someth… 
I'm excited about the Tolkien film, but I've only seen 1 preview out of the 10 movies I recently saw in the theate… 
It must be a bad moon phase, because my Spidey-senses are tingling. I never would have expected drama surrounding a… 
Addendum: the baby of Deadpool &amp; Zombieland’s and Who Framed Roger Rabbit’s Coke head baby grew up and had a baby w… 
I guess there was no actual drama going on today 
Mignogna, Voice Actor Who Plays Broly In 'Dragon Age' Mov… 
Lol I recommend that series Black Summer on Netflix , if you like survival movies and shows 
She's in a lot of his movies.  Here she is in Casino getting mad everytime  Piscano cu… 
Reading your favorite book multiple times can offer more benefits than you might think... What are you reading th… 
She said it and she needs to own the outrage. Drama queen playing the victim. I'm happy sh… 
Tamil romantic-drama 96 is now being remade in Telugu with Sharwanand and Samantha playing in lead roles. The shoot… 
Me: gahd I hate seeing all these facebook drama! Also me: 
Ugh. Why did I start reading this? Thanks, but no thanks. I hadn't heard of these movies before...so thanks, I gues… 
Birthday Suit color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Objectively, A Wrinkle In Ti… 
Experience an epic comedy adventure for all ages! #MissingLink is NOW PLAYING! See it this weekend and get tickets… 
I'm going to take this opportunity to hate on weed and on my old self for spending literally years of my life stone… 
Nero Platinum 2019 Suite 20.0.07200 Nero Platinum 2019 Multimedia Suite allows you to manage, create, convert, pl… 
I don't get why people take movies so seriously. Especially family films like SW, Marvel, etc. Just… 
Drama queen much? 
It was / is one of the greatest movies ever. Anything that brings another soul to Christ, is such a… 
I guess her mistake was not being an actress on the TV drama EMPIRE. 
Proud to be the 7,767th  on for RiffTrax Live 2019 - THREE Great Movies Riffed Live!. Thanks 
Still photo from the set of #chrischarais #actor #actors… 
Answer the door and it’s the pizza I had ordered so I can watch horror movies and have delicious pizza 
I am leaving The Driver’s Den and focusing on UDM and the dFAM.  The drama is not needed within the community.  I t… 
ALL I SEE IS YOU: Visually interesting, psychological sex drama that continues to prove Blake Lively’s iridescent s… 
Drama Queen much girl? 
we're the bullies in teen movies 
Scary picture, looks like those hill billies from 'Wrong turn' movies! 
After your drama, I need more alcohol. You just gave me a headache. 
Ajkal k students are a whole different leve of drama and bullshit i swear 
Monix and me went to the movies to see Shazam. Fee days ago and it was Awesome funny as hell 
We’ve had many movies at The Gem, question is, will you be there this Sunday or you’ll be feeling FOMO? #SINdays 
So you admit you can’t stop yourself from jumpi… 
tbh the drama is kinda meh but i’ll still watch season 2 cuz i want more chaeyeon &amp; jinyoung 
Sandra stein + her law firm should have a law drama. We need some other type of drama on our TVs 
Sounds like there's going to be a lot after the credits. 
I'm listening to Dodge &amp; Twist: An Audible Original Drama by Tony Lee, narrated by Matt Lucas, Stephen Mangan, Mich… 
What if the last shot in sports movies... missed? 
Man, i just want to see them make more inclusive efforts in their future movies. They could be so good 
I prefer over Netflix for so many reasonsMain reason is content. I prefer older movies &amp; classic TV sh… 
Took me a while to realise you were tweeting about a daytime drama! Lol 
Is it me or there was too much drama  #MCITOT 
City will win the PL league! They've passed this test! Great bounce back from that CL drama! #bbcfootball 
She’s a drama queen, which is perfect for politics 
I just need coto movies and maybe Spotify 
Ooh we just finished Santa Clarita Diet and need another comedy to break up drama/mystery.... thanks! 
City behaving like they didn’t want the game to end with all the time wasting and unnecessary drama 
What are some recent movies which you found overrated? 
Drama queen  
Top 10 Oh Crap Moments In Movies 
Ms. Thomas, teacher, knew from an early age that she wanted to be a Yellowjacket! 
My pre-order campaign is going on now!I appreciate any love this gets in advance!  
How can music written for movies be considered a reflection on the person performing it, or who has written the lyr… 
I was seeing someone who loved going to the theater and I realized that I just hate… 
With Avengers End Game coming soon....How to watch all 21 movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe - Polygon 
Alot of drama this evening ehhh 
i have a bad habit of fantasizing about romantic shit after watching bollywood movies -i  
Venus Wong Lifestyle, Age, Height, Weight, Husband, Family, Biography, Movies, Net worth, etc 
Miley Cyrus American singer songwriter Lifestyle, Age, Height, Weight, Husband, Hair, Movies, etc 
Action movies are literally everything to me. I genuinely cried during the opening scene to xXx: Return of Xander Cage sooo... 
She looks still a kid, who needs to eat more protein. 
This is unacceptable period. This is why I don't watch a lot of movies or tv I'm not giving those sc… 
It is weird how many people don't realize it's a sequel. Being into movies is a weird sub… 
There are many movies that are considered worse, like TROLL 2 or PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, but to me… 
This is the shit they in the movies.  Let’s co-sign something terrible for the greater good. What-the… 
Passion and adrenaline from a drama-filled relationship is NOT LOVE!It's not love when you drive each other "crazy". Get yourselves whole! 
“Only 80s kids will remember—“ or, y’know, anyone who had parent who lived in the 80s who shared stuff/movies/foods… 
#feeling cute just might record a #podcast later. IDK #inspiration  #podcastersofinstagram #interview… 
To all movies in the box office... I’m sorry if your opening the same weekend as of Avengers... To all movies in hi… 
ANYWAYS, KIM JISOO CONGRATS ON YOUR FIRST LEAD ROLE DRAMA! IM CHEERING UP ON YOU EVEN IF YOU’RE AFTER A BITCH :)))) 
The EternalsThe Fantastic FourGuardians of the Galaxy :Volume ThreeCaptain Marvel TwoMarvel can introduce sever… 
Cristin Milioti Lifestyle,Age,Height,Movies,Boyfriend,Family,forgo,Net worth, etc 
April Ryan basically said to behead our press secretary and her father as asked her press credentials be removed. A… 
#Movie "The Vagina Diaries" (2013) 
He’s done a ton of stuff. My favorite role of his is when he played Arvid in Swing Kids...that’s one of my favorite movies. 
Look up Benny Drama on Instagram, his zodiac videos are fucking hilarious 
Oh not at this time. I can look it up and i was just given over a 100 dvds. I'm watching movies (etc) for months 
I gave it it a B below. It’s worth a watch. I’m weird—my least favorite parts of music movies tend t… 
Don’t miss out -“Pay as you can” admission! Come support these talented Drama One students! 
#WhatToReadNext #Fiction  "both a learning experience and a page-turner. Should be huge"-Kirkus  "A Byzantine web… 
Nope! They don’t have the brains or the creativity to come up with TV sitcoms or movies anymore.… 
watching the same movies over and over again &gt;&gt;&gt; watching movies i’ve never watched before 
The worst thing to happen to this family was dad discovering cowboy movies 
Well. I guess there is always respecting your abilities and god gi… 
If it’s drama and bs, act like a president and ignore it for a change 
Yes  GOAT.Fantasy movies ka definition hai ye series. 
Trump Haters the media had two days to find the silver bullet in Muller Report, nothing. In fact e… 
Drama queen. 
She is poised at me for putting her shivering butt in a shirt. Oh, the drama. 
Muller 13 angry man morally unfit report mimic, a 12 angry men 1957 American courtroom drama film.… 
That was pure sickness, something you’ll see in movies  
J-Critic: Spielberg Documentary  I think Spielberg makes a lot of movies over the years. He inspires me to become a… 
Isn't RDJ just the best? 
know a couple niggas that's down to ride for a homicide when it's drama time 
MOVIE REVIEW: This Oscar nominated foreign film is one of the year's very best 
#GameDev Practice of the week: Back in the 90s there were so many 2D platformer tie-ins of movies. What kind of sil… 
SomeBUNNY wanting to watch Hop at Suncoast’s Outdoor movie on the Sundeck? Book your tickets now!… 
DRAMA IS ANNOYING ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU HAVE TO BE FRIENDS WITH THE POPULAR KIDS AAAAAAAAa 
I will tweet about good food, music and movies. Anything else is too risky I like my life. I don… 
I WIG OUT AT THE MOVIESI AM NOT A PILE OF SCRAP 
I have been praying a long time for the same thing, still somewhat waiting for more friendships. I have… 
Family drama is so draining... wtf. 
Movie Reviews: 'Breakthrough' &amp; 'The Curse of La Llorona' + More 
Christmas Movie For Kids | Family Movie | Hallmark Channel Original Movies 
#Disney Cancels #MouseGuard' Just Two Weeks Before Production Start 
Drama starter 
Drama Queen? Just in the photo (or maybe not). #NovaFotoDePerfil 
I hate it when you're not sure if a car is going to stop or not to let you cross or when someone tries to tell you… 
 Thank you Clint.  You keep giving us movies that matter. 
Just watched it this morning myself  to missed so much between the two avenger movies 
Felt cute so I groomed my beard 
If everyone was to be an entrepreneur. Who would teach in schools, who would operate in theatre, who would design… 
antes fosse drama 
Another drag of S3 was how the daughter was transformed from cute sidebar to off-putting and yet *a… 
Hi Penny, my favorite trash movies collection Lady!!  ! I can't access my old account and I made this new profile! Hugs!  
Instead of a remake, it should be a completely different story inspired by such and such movie#remakes #movies #SaturdayMorning 
We have the same taste in music and movies  
Albums Metallica - Master of Puppets; Sevendust-All I See is War Mov… 
Multiple problems with this:1) The article says Antman is the least profitable hero. And its calculated on h… 
Can someone please recommend a Series or Movies to watch on Netflix. 
Report is/has both. No crime committed by Trump and a whole lot of crap just like the dossier to spew rhetor… 
I’ll playHate~any rom-comOverrated~UnderworldUnderrated~LegendLove~Clue:The MovieRepeat~Watership D… 
Nigerian movies ? Doesn't the country have any sound  engineers....  
Stand By Me also makes a decent attempt with the movie but for each of these quality movies we get C… 
Im guessing a lot of people have not seen many of the movies in this bracket, especially the classics.… 
Sisterhood of the Gun - via Women and no drama !It is like a church outing with guns... 
The MCU clearly isn't made ONLY for adults. But, I wo… 
How did you get this. Obviously it’s no drama but it’s the first time I’ve used a list &amp; I wanted to see if it work… 
Drama Queen 
I was going to stay in, make popcorn, get KFC and beer and watch some movies but realized I don't have anything to… 
From one of my favorite movies...well done young ninja...well done! 
Leave Bond alone and go support movies like ANNA if you want strong female leads in this genre. It looks great. 
5: then it was talking about teacher movies. They were all white savior complex films. We were asked to identify wh… 
300cr budget se 132cr cross kar ke uchhal raha hai  Wo bhi 1st day… 
The grief that King portrayed is his gift as a writer the movies always mess this up when they adapt his novels 
He has at least one more good year. This will be a comeback season for us. I see many h… 
HITCHCOCK FAN ARTby gauntt#hitchcock #alfredhitchcock #vertigo #cine #movies #jamesstewart #bygauntt… 
Peters has visions of her son. Very reminiscent of what we would see in both Solaris-movies as well. 
Nothing starts the weekend off so right as a case of food poisoning.  On the bright side, I re-watched two Marvel movies 
Reconnecting with people on Champions League night - Irish Examiner - -Ecuadorian preside… 
They used to mize Jackson on the Hannah Montana movies 
Probably the only person who isn't in the film at this point. 
It’s just my opinion. Have you seen Fletch. It’s one of my favorite movies 
Austin we will see you at the movies April 26 to 28!!! Get your bands n tickets : 
I wish we had a medical drama about SA health, showing all levels...I miss Jozi HMhmm, maybe .... 
Walking away from drama. Mama told me "Always remember that you are a LADY". ..#jemiriye #rarejem… 
What if I told you Wesley Snipes couldn’t really dunk? Or run fast? Or be athletic at all...… 
Somehow I forgot to take my kids to the movies the past two weeks, ohhhhh noooooo, shall have to wait for the Lego sequel DVD now, so sad. 
i just started drama in a random chat room i’m laffin 
Don't you just love having to make the "I love the new movies" disclaimer to keep the mob at bay... 
In California, where they make movies with guns creating gun culture. 
My brother and I used to tape movies on SABC 1 &amp; eTV using this  
Stop ruining movies...... 
We really need to see these people go to jail  or else it seems like daytime drama. Illegal action… 
Watch Online Ransom S3E8 HD #Ransomware #ransom #movies #movie #MovieReview  #moviepass #TVSeries #TVShow 
Yes you are right #Mrityunjay politics and movies are different things and that's why we took this decision. 
No one has stardom in China. Only movies have power to collect.One of the biggest brands DC is gettin… 
It’s not a “kids” movie. There’s a lot of sexual content which is obviously not mea… 
So Pretty color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
"My glaucoma has being acting up all day" that's my lie and I'm sticking to it. ...#movies… 
We do to  and movies about video gamers 
You better do...these are good movies 
Never feed into drama 
This is NOT an adequate explanation to why is raising its monthly fee to $12.99: “We’re hard at work impro… 
looking for a serious relationship am not hear for games or drama [kyile225, 29] Am lo… 
My Papa who is quite reluctant about Bollywood and the movies in general, watched #GullyBoy with me  And loved it,e… 
They enable artificial gravity on Event Horizon. BTW this I always find funny. Artificial gravity is one of the mos… 
My TL is dry, guess masione ke one a irang my TL e be monate and e be le drama 
Sir it's like u said modi ji meet family with photographer who do that ...now what u are doing don't have gas ..drama 
HT: Man City vs Spurs 1-0. Not the spectacle from midweek, which is understandable after all the drama. City have t… 
Gray zone again, people will always make drama about stuff like this, bg is literally ass and bulge, even… 
The gravity drive core opens and show black goo. Justin touches the black goo. Because nothing bad has ever happene… 
So it begins... Two Bastards and a Widow is the first original Audio Drama by VF More coming soon! Be s… 
Hayden Christensen: Ranking his top five roles (via 
Also while I'm ranting .To Bill Maher . I have a degree  in History, sociology , and Religions.I served my count… 
They picked up fans beyond those of us who Read comics .Sure DCs Batman , Superman , Wonder Woman , had fans in al… 
You had top tier actors trying to get into this world I loved .As A child to today I escape in these places .I ne… 
Favorite) &amp; his offspring the Vision .We met a redesigned Bucky Barnes in the Winter Soldier .Captain Americas ot… 
Movie .Then  2 sequel's to Captain America , a third Iron Man , more Thor .Introductions from great movies  to  m… 
On April 26 ( 25th for people who purchased early like me ) a story comes to it's End .Eleven years ago when Rober… 
I joined drama club late in high school and one drama geek said “too bad you don’t have enough points to join Thesp… 
I'm not a baby daddy.I don't have a baby mama .I can sleep knowing that me and my wife to be will not have midnight… 
“What I'm tryna say is the blame can go deep as seasJust to blame 'em all I would need like twenty CD'sThere's al… 
As a paranormal investigator, Warren was also a film consultant for the ‘The Conjuring’ movies. 
I want bev mara this guy is telling me about movies. Yuh.  
bella thorne really is bad when she's in movies. 
#99cents WEBSITE  TRAILER  AMAZON 
Ooohhh mkayyy... thats me to every kissing scene in movies ever. 
Rotten Tomatoes is and always has been garbage to me. I’ve never listened to a sing… 
WEBSITE TRAILER  AMAZON #99cents! #IARTG… 
I am the Orman Ablo of creating drama 
Lucky you  
 Carmella Monique Bridges new charrie not new to rp model in a relationship with DeVaughn Weaver here to m… 
Exactly! TRU (&amp; by extension, BRU) could not dig itself out of the mountain of debt it to… 
Then Came YouSuch movies Mina make me cry  
We review latest movies, pimp really cool stuff &amp; tell killer jokes: Our show is 4 Reel Movie Fans 
We review latest movies, pimp really cool stuff &amp; tell killer jokes: Our show is 4 Reel Movie Fan… 
‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World? 
Our very own “NO DRAMA LLAMA” pipe in a Star White matte glaze is a must have  #no #drama #llama #designer… 
#Movie "The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry" (1945) 
Interesting , hmmm didn’t like shameless so didn’t watch it much . So no movies or series , documentaries or no TV in general ? 
The end result is No Exoneration!The never ending saga of Corruption, Chaos, Drama and Lies!… 
Exactly without drama 
Junk food... A few good movies... And cutie to make out with and diss would be kinda cool right about now. 
Teens Explore Script writing! We will be making movies with their creations! Can't wait to see what they come up with!!!! 
OMG is spinning fake Dem drama with every guest.Daytime is going to repeat 2016 horse race.… 
Decided late to watch all the #marvel movies in preparation for #Endgame  thankfully my husbands away. No distracti… 
If we were living in a sitcom or Thursday night tv drama this would be laughable. But this is real life and I find… 
 Why would some one put themselves through such drama  
Lol I still prefer movies over the TV. 
Im here for the drama  
 REEFER MADNESS 1936) d. Louis Gasnier; starring Dorothy Short, Kenneth Craig and Dave O’Brien .… 
I liked sailor moon and hamtaro  as a young child. My favorite Disney movies were Fantasia, Beauty an… 
Me too, invested in a drama free vibratory. 
‘Conjuring’ stars Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson pay tribute to Lorraine Warren via 
I'm kinda impressed. Most of most hated movies in one box. 
I’m dying at this  the comics are good but they’re not translated well into the movies. 
I just can't do horror movies hahaahahh 
Why are Rock Oldies great for fighting scenes in superhero movies? 
Karan Johar has spoilt the industry through extreme gossip monger &amp; backbiting. 
Some of y’all  choose to be extras in other people’s movies because you don’t drink water and mind it  
#IDontUnderstandPeopleWho don't thank their followers and those who retweet them. Thank you for the follow!… 
30 years later, they still come to Iowa's Field of Dreams via 
No! I'm super out of touch with like pop culture and movies  
Harry Potter movies 
#99CENTS! "#IAdmirePeopleWho, especially heroic five year old boys with cancer, tell their mom they want to go to h… 
Perhaps Kavanaugh will teach a "drinking game" or better yet is he teaching Drama. 
I’m such a little bitch when it comes to sad love movies 
Yes because how much money a movie grosses tells us it has to be good. Avatar: not that good, highe… 
Two Socks!!! #DanceswithWolves #movies 
They can not. And they prove it repeatedly. Same movies over and over. No creativity anymore. Just laziness! 
Let go of the people who dull your shine, poison your spirit, and bring you drama. Cancel your subscription to their issues. 
“No drama” Obama could have been more aggressive on several fronts during his adm… 
the matrix #chronicles: John Wick II, my kindaf #SemanaSanta #vibes #VIBESNIGHT #friyay #saturdays #movies 
and then, it's #Unbelievable that and were having a fight in the sanctuary. I know that beca… 
is a #wealthy man, he pays with coins at the hotel. His #home went through a #disaster and it was a really cool… 
#movies so he came back for his car, and this guy knew. that's why they had it in a garage. and he killed the mecha… 
#just5minutesalone #wick i was watching 2 and my thoughts about the first one already involves his dog… 
Jen &amp; Colton + Brandi &amp; Matt + Zane = Non-Stop Drama ! Pop-Out Girl.  At #TatteredCover Book Stores, Denver.… 
What if Rowdy Burns makes it back from his concussion, and Russ Wheeler never gets a shot? What if Rowdy an… 
Disagree with your interpretation and I think only those involved would really know if anyone was chea… 
I’m picturing a Black Panther or Ragnarok at 19 to draw out vetos. If someone doesn’t f… 
#99CENTS! #IDontUnderstandPeopleWho don't care to help their sick child. Be an #advocate for your child! Be a mom/d… 
really a culmination of the ways young people who are becoming interested in social justice have been… 
Look, I know my mini-reviews are just surface-level shallow critiques; casual impressions of and on-the-fly feeling… 
Aquaman is a joke. DC movies slowly ruin their cartoons with their movies 
This dude makes me look fat, or maybe I’m not working out enough... either way I met I know him from… 
What if Rudy was never accepted into Notre Dame?  “What-ifs that would change the course of sports movies forev… 
can not say it enough how much I enjoy all your movies  
Stayed up watching Netflix movies all night. They was fye lmao 
I've become that old person that sleeps through movies  
You can’t play joker if you haven’t watched all the Batman movies with joker in it 
Lmao when you literally have no drama to talk about you just talk nonsense for that attention  
Lmaooooo the drama ka taba yaga Adele  le stressed on this app 
Some of them are not worth a second watchBut I have already started with phase one. It's amazing how different ph… 
"The Wolf of Wall Street" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
Directed by Paul Anderson, of distinction for movies such as Soldier, Alien vs Predator and a shitload of Resident Evil flicks. 
Alright. Watching one of my true personal love hate movies. Buckle up. 
Unlimited access to thousands of kid-friendly books, movies, TV shows, educational apps, and games.Starting at jus… 
Agreed.  PG13 movies are not for kids too young to be comparatively quiet.  One reason I have inves… 
Beyoncé releases Homecoming on Netflix and the whole libary got 400% better with new shows and movies… 
1. Watch the sunrise on  the Beach2.  Watch all of the SSD Movies3.  Watch all of my favorite movie… 
I went to Russia solo for the world cup, all the negative things in movies about Russians is mostly… 
Passionista shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Movies that premiered on  April 20:Annie Hall (1977) Kickboxer (1989) Kodachrome (2018) 
Narrator: like general taste in movies and books, most people like shitty punch. 
Awesome movie, starring two legends. One of my top two movies of all time 
No Nathan, no. 
 I am just thinking if this were you, the drama you’d be causing right no… 
If spoiling creed had lived would they be making creed movies now? 
"Ad:" The Midnight Horror Collection Vol. 2 DVD 2-Disc Set 8 Movies Read Description  fly… 
I am the IHE of creating drama 
Bruce Willis man what a career, he was in a series of movies in which he couldn’t die, and one movie in which he was dead the whole time! 
“Blame,” very empty introduction. He searched for some random ass answer in his mind, what’s going… 
5 Sites and Apps to Find Movies &amp; TV Shows to Watch on Netflix - 
Hmm,...PhillyHaven't been to that place since before the “Rocky” movies...but that was before it beca… 
reality high and the bunny house are must watch movies uwu 
We came back from campus.. And we got the stash and the munchies.. And watched movies the whole time 
That kid really cracked me up, on the Adams Family Movies. Wonder what her thing is now . 
#Movie "A Dark Place Inside" (2014) 
The whole show is snother crime drama that gives people ideas and ruins America. Shame on Op… 
I will forever be disappointed that the Chris Nolan Batman movies didn't feature The Penguin. 
Watching movies in bed. 
Soul Mate color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Bianca Andreescu on 'drama queen' comment.. "it wasn't very nice but it was in the heat of the moment, it was 2 a.m… 
Sivakarthikeyan wants to make more comedy films after ‘Mr Local’ 
Ya too late! I've seen the video and it led me to finding her awesome channel! Ahaha thanks for thinkin… 
I doing they'll recast her unfortunately. Marvel is, unlike DC capable of keeping the sam… 
#film #movies #celebrityOh no! #blessup #getwellsoon 
Why does it always look bigger in the movies? 
Watching movies with my Bat  
Me too. I am having a boring weekend.  Just gonna watch movies on Netflix 
I felt so good after watching The Producers. The whole cast was brilliant. South Korea's drama series are slept on… 
If you just see the movies you might misunderstand the work they really did. Tho The Catholic Church… 
I really love zombie movies 
more movies like this cinemo pls  
Ethan Hawke Breaks Down His Most Iconic Characters, From 'Gattaca' to 'Training Day' #Movies #TV 
All the Bond Girls till Skyfall #Movies #TV 
Quit rocking with so many people because they change who they are around different people, or your name is being br… 
Hahaha I agree let's start a drama channel and start calling everyone pedophiles so we can follow in the… 
We need more movies like Netflix’s #SomeoneGreat because it was real as hell  
Drama queen with TDS. If you looked like her as a woman you would change to a man too. 
Yep. Talking bullshit pays the bills apparently. Ugh. Screw streaming games, we should start a drama chan… 
Why I prefer books over movies everytime!! 
I just like movies  
The Crown Season 4 Casts Princess Di: 'I Will Strive to Do Her Justice' - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Film ki kaun baat karega? #Bharat is yet to be released in theatres.Will talk about the concept &amp; executio… 
Sims Series "I'M A BAD GIRL" is up to Ep.6 now. Check it out #thesims4… 
For me Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code fell short in the movies. They completely faile… 
Bring back family drama # the originals 
Naughty Berry shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Does he say the same thing after watching your movies too?  
Watched all three Mighty Ducks movies today 
Whoa that sounds so good wow, I've never heard of Turkish tea o: And oh yeah sitting back and watchi… 
 True that! That is all he knows and lives off. Drama. Talk about someone that needs a life! 
That's the only illogical char in the drama and it's a woman.  The rest of the drama is great, and now super intense.  
Once again i see drama in this one 
Drama class  Seokjin please be there  
Its up there, I'm certain its the best!!!    You should doubt yourself about your choice.  Maybe you ha… 
It's 2v1 right now in my house with leaving it in winning but the 1 (my fucking HUSBAND) will be a c… 
Hay ,i made a list of 6  India best Movies my can find the Movies lets 
I  *Killing Eve* — Dark drama w/ perfect touches of fun!!  
#MCURewatch just finished Thor Ragnarok. This has to be my favourite #MCU movie. Just so well thought out. One of t… 
Viceroy's House review: Chadha's film gives us a feeling for how terrible these events were. 
What????? I know him I just don't watch his movies or series etc. 
The drama/band hallway it's the default hallway i think of when i think about a hallway so many vivid m… 
DEADLY TEN: Full Moon Features Invites You To Watch The Production of Ten Horror Movies This Summer 
I enjoyed the books so much the movies fell short for me. But Lord of The Rings trilogy for me does it  
Hahaha its keemstar at the end of the day he has no clue about life in general, his whole channel is base… 
Saturday reviews: my thoughts on another 7 films including a 1929 German silent movie, a Lego Scooby Doo entry, and… 
From now on I'll only tweet in IsiZulu to avoid drama 
My hobby is screaming "product placement" during movies and music videos 
No! They are loud! Isn't it funny how different they sound as opposed to how they sound in movies? 
The snow flakes you see in the early movies were actually popcorns. 
Less drama that way 
I just moved to Austin and found this when packing. I saved it! Inspiration then and now. Thank you… 
I just rlly love ji soo ,, I’m so proud of him &amp; his new drama 
He needs to drum up some kind of drama cause it's been dry lately so he cant make vids  
Love In The Moonlight Quotes Korean Drama 
the real money has always been on merchandise and toys -for BOTH kids and adults. Besides, why is it so… 
This whole episode of the Xitsonga drama is about Musa's father's accident. There has not been any parallel storyline  
YouTube Disables Comments on Livestream of House Hearing on Hate Speech - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
is the Queen of African Movies ,we love you mama 
//Family drama, depression, loneliness 
Who else is watching movies al through today? I can't kill myself. 
I feel like there’s a lot of people who apparently don’t realize or remember THEY were a child once who… 
Justin Hartley of ‘This Is Us’ Buys Mini-Mansion in Encino (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
‘Monsters At Work’: Billy Crystal &amp; John Goodman To Reprise ‘Monsters, Inc.’ Voice Roles On Disney+ Animated Series… 
April Ryan is NOT a reporter. She is an operative for She has no class, no intelligenc… 
see you more 
i swear i’m the only person who doesn’t care about the stupid Avengers movies  
I dont love unnecessary drama nje 
Marvel is just going down trying to comply with the #MeToo movement Their movies will fail miserably 
This female-led, feel-good film will make you feel like 'Someone Great'  
I miss drama ya relationship  
*Killing Eve* is my favorite type of show! Black drama/co… 
‘The Crown’ Casts Emma Corrin as Princess Diana - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Can't write this stuff or make it up  this is two movies in one  
Only if I could know such viciousness of these actors and directors etc years back I coul… 
#Movie "Masterpiece: Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns" (2013) 
I love Godzilla movies! 
The Fate of the Furious Trailer 2017 Movie clips Trailers movie reviews | online movie | action movies | horror mov… 
AMERICAN MILITARY NEWS disclosed: 5 TV shows and movies to binge-watch over the long Easter weekend  
Instead of black beauty they could hv given this time to flat faced YB . All conclusion may be . Out of con… 
I am the BrendanielH of creating drama 
Insidious movies HANDS DOWN 
Thor is one of my favourite avengers but his movies are so whack. Smh. 
Dear #WritingCommunity, what are your favourite movies? &gt; Casablanca&gt; Seven Samurai&gt; The Good the Bad and the U… 
Subtitles are very distracting and ruin most movies, shows, videos... 
To Black people: They promote movies like "12 years a slave" Thus progressive liberals in Hollywood… 
- do we get to see this car in action in Bond 25? #JamesBond #bond25 #movies #Hollywood 
So much drama for nothing. 
Yes I have seen it without knowing what it was about. But after 10 or so minutes I did understand. I th… 
What is your take on Raul vinchi?  Please do fair journalism otherwise stop this non sense. ..kind of drama 
Any other medical drama you can recommend? 
Any of you seen Clerks, Chasing Amy, Mallrats or Dogma? These movies are so good and I used to have a thing for Jas… 
Movies 
A polygamous businessman decides to take a  third wife, much to the surprise and disappointment of his first two  w… 
none of the movies, documentaries, new releases etc are working! Has been this way for several days now 
There's a difference between applying movies things in your life and your life being a movie. You my friend are l… 
I wanna go to the movies. And I want popcorn and nachos  and a big ass slush 
People love drama 
I remember Hillbrow Records, Estoril Books and movies at the Club 
Dude All James bond movies slaps..... 
Almost finished watching all Marvel movies 
12 Most Iconic Movie Scenes Recreated in LEGO #legi #movies #moviescenes #recreation #list12 
Have you watched The Garden of Words? It’s really good! It’s one of my favorite movies! 
New Pearson Promo: It’s Hard to Stay Clean in a Dirty Town - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Much, much worse. With Watergate, a crime (a "third-rate burglary") had been committed (by Americans… 
Patricia Arquette y Balthazar Getty en "Lost Highway" ('Carretera perdida', 1997), de David Lynch....#cine… 
Don’t pay attention if you don’t like it That’s my best advice to people when drama happens, just i… 
Violence is viewed thru the Internet, video games, cartoons, some TV/PG13 movies, approved school reading list… 
I'm looking forward to it hopefully being better than the first movie! There's a lot of sentimental… 
The drama  
 Please learn your stuff!Drama Queen is not the same thing as Drama King!Whether Male or Female = Drama Queen  
The drama was just crazy. Not David’s touch bt the VAR I hated. Yunno Poch is that manager… 
Cant waiy to go home and watch movies 
Delusional Robert De Niro always had a problem with reality! He continues to believe that the movie… 
I just want to spend today with my man and my nunu. Movies and food fela. 
That drama is cooked 
Once encountered Sandra Bullock in a stationary store on Melrose Blvd in Hollywood CA.I asked Sandra to meet my Jap… 
Only movies on this list are actually good and none are ranked top 5 
So basically you have to re buy your games and you cant watch movies you now have to buy them form the Microsoft store 
Me too. I was a drama student in London and it was not at all like it is now. 
DATA Sponsors? Negativity... So much drama u hv but i understand y.. Anyway u didn't hv to respond… 
A fingering teen caught by mom in violent milf movies #milf #nsfw #porn #xxx #sex #adult #pussy #mature #maturewife… 
#Movie "Nympha" (2007) 
Mmmmm. How many of those would have made it if (as you should have) you included drama series NOT made in… 
"Being about eachother &amp; avoiding unnecessary drama, while we do dumb shit together PTY LTD." 
Kids should be cancelled from movies 
I just bought the most expensive item I've ever owned as my birthday gift.I don't usually celebrate my birthday co… 
Netflix's random play button is what we've all been waiting Netflix movies and TV… 
Subscribe to Viu and binge watch series and movies like etv's Switch to Viu… 
MOVIE REVIEW: With 'Homecoming' Beyoncé is taking her place in 
I’m more concerned on how and why vocaloid is getting drama, that just seems stupid lmao. Then again most… 
The right of speaking on political matters should be snatched away from #Bollywood These guys are only fit to make… 
Up late watching movies slowly fading 
Well that is the truth besides Brokeback Mountain is one of my favorite movies  
 onale drama 
Parental guidance. It sure would be comedy drama  
Movies have retakes and stuff like that. Bare that in mind next time you attempt movie ish that affect those around you. 
Do I stay at home &amp; finally watch #HowToTrainYourDragon3 or go to the movies &amp; see #CaptainMarvel? 
The cinematography is the only thing that got better with nollywood movies since ‘blackberry babes’, after that the… 
I chose not to work and just watch movies, if anyone cares. Lol 
‘We Obsess Over Movies | Ep.06 | Blade Runner Vs. Blade Runner 2049’ on #SoundCloud #np 
Inspired by refined velvety textures and a subtle hues, this space elevates the senses with hints of moody drama an… 
Tip Taupe shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Dra… 
Life lesson   but some don't think alike. They like that drama bullshit  
As clear as day light. They like drama and want some mileage. 
For years I would look through magazines and watch TV or movies and never see girls that looked like me.That had s… 
Mine too. Well worth its place in the Holy Trinity of kids sports movies (along with Cool Runnings and The Sandlot Kids). 
Batman Returns is "well-regarded"?T… 
Because the didn't have any creativity going into it, yet alone two movies later. /: 
The Cheat Sheet: The 2 Marvel Movies the Russo Brothers Say You Need to See Before ‘Avengers: Endgame’.… 
Haha i was once intrigued after i saw dat guy do the "leeu loop" (sp) in one of Leon Schuster movies 
The game storylines always impressed me. They could have been tied in with the movies. Look up transmedia 
Mate, I like you since you're a beard one like me but don't you think you're going a bit too far?This is… 
Yes because literally everybody talks shit in the confessionals. And they edit them so… 
Why do people in horror movies insist on checking for weird noises around their house in the dark?! Like flip that switch gosh darn it  
No... not really? Like I said, I knew it wasn’t going to be great. But I like to form op… 
It can’t overnight. The story is already fucked. It’s a turd polishing exercise a… 
what took so long?!? It’s like one of the best anime movies  
Today we dedicated the night to our moms  #TheCurseOfLaLlorona #Movies Cinemark Tinseltown 14 
Some drama in #Scarborough today. Nearly got hit by him as he turned in a parking lot, thankfully he slowed down (I… 
New post (Asteroid Headed For Earth) has been published on Australian Art For Sale Art Gallery - Asteroid Headed F… 
stockings hd nylon stocking videos stocking movies girls in nylons teen babes in socks in stockings mature stocking… 
That is me. I was too scared. I don’t even watch horror movies 
You love movies? And you love hiking? Then you will love these thrilling hiking movies!#hikingmovies #hiking… 
Because you love drama 
It literally does. As much as you think this whole t… 
Aerosmith was and still is the most kickass band. Backstreet Boys I was never a big fan of.  at least they were be… 
Me and my friends are waiting for Avengers endgame!#avengers #avengersendgame #endgame #gameofthrones… 
I tried to be a match maker but my tweepulation likes debates and drama  
Bob Dylan’s Nashville Whiskey Distillery Adds Art, Concert Spaces; Opening Moved to 2020 - 
Well i'm done. This drama contains of family, friends, school, and love. Sometimes life will not be easy on you but… 
#Movie "Genetics" (2014) 
In the movies it's canon that people were conditioned and encouraged to commit murder by the rich as… 
hi team plz I want to know how to submit a script in you company or do u have an agent I can submi… 
I’m a sucker for love . I can watch romance movies all day long. 
post scripts to the movie's production#sharemovies  #share #movies… 
Baseball movies are the best, college World Series is incredible, eating a hot dog at the field is tops, but baseba… 
Tbh, I'm okay with Japanese/Korean/Thai dramas/movies/music. I mean, we have different taste right? You can't blame… 
I’m gonna marathon Pokémon Movies until Beast Morphers is on 
tonight of all nights got these at the same time.. lolmy friends are on one tonight the d… 
Ales Hales is a drama king ... 
I fear they'd give me the Apple equivalent of ”Did you read the label?”. The literal fine print in the… 
Watch horror movies and laugh at it 
my dude. Why is #Dogma so hard to find? My wife and I rank that in our top 3 best movies ever. And… 
Orrr.... he could come home to Tennessee, join the and be part of a great locker room with a grea… 
I would say to not just blindly believe any Rotten Tomatoes score, critic or audien… 
Movies, Drink, Seafood, Netflix 
I just don’t like drama  that’s why I don’t have a lot of friends also 
afternoon are for food exploring and Sugarhouse Park 
I haven’t been to the movies in a loooong time and it’s sad  
My mom paid for my coffee  sorry mom 
Dating a hun who doesn't like or listen to Riri or Beyonce, nor watch Game of Thrones or into movies is just a wast… 
We have a problem this YouTuber Perfection starting drama with people you got to stop him before he hurts someone please. 
In the movies, she has a very similar pattern to a Burmese python 
Always say those early spiderman movies used to use actual rope.. like the same one from the shops.. telling us its… 
Ultron killing himself to make a metaphor is the type of drama I like. 
I'm pretty sure there were some Easter Bunny movies at some point... 
Not all movies but:Springboks v Australia RWC 1995Springboks v NZ RWC 1995Legends of the FallA Few Good Men… 
There are movies. Hop or Easter Bunny Bloodbath are two to choose from depending on your tastes. 
Can I watch all the movies in the MCU by the time End Game comes out in Australia? The attempt starts now! 
Any good shows or movies to watch? 
It’s too bad they didn’t/couldn’t use the actors from the movie for the show. I rarely ever rewatch… 
Super lit and fun tonight without drama or bs people 
Be sure to not miss my new episode of my podcast! ryworse and I discussed Product Placement in movies! Is it good,… 
What if I watch dubbed movies with subtitles 
every one of the mcu movies are unwatchable pieces of cgi dogshit. deadpool and guardians included 
They killed it with The Ballad of Buster Scruggs too! They just need some solid projects… 
Not true. He has lied, denied, consistently breaking laws, defying the constitution. Everyday drama w/this con. 
Bring the drama, I love it  
"Get Out" hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
An American Lady - Deanna DurbinOoh, do I have a treat for you! I want to introduce you to someone lovely and enjo… 
Why does Natasha's bike sound like Batman's in The Dark Knight movies? 
Today I was in so much pain and Ethan and I had planned a pretty big day! So when I came out and told him I didn’t… 
When i am just watching marvel moviesAnd rewatching thor: dark world i was sad loki "died" but in the end even th… 
 I’m a drama queen  in a drama world  
Orrr.... he could come home to Tennessee, join the and be part of a grea… 
Orrr.... he could come home to Tennessee, join the and be part of a great locker room with a great culture,… 
Farm Murders are real. It’s the narrative that Afriforum puts p… 
im kinda surprised, notch has been involved in drama for as long as i can remember &gt;_&gt;the mineco… 
Disney Channel Original Movies were the kids’ version of Lifetime Movies, don’t me 
shoutout to who remembers the fucking yogscast minecon drama 
Reptile Park...Quad Biking...Archery...Movies and Dinner! Great day ahead  
Saturday night at the movies with Hellboy!Book online now! 
Imagine cauaually having - Beyoncé’s Drama in your bio like it ain’t no thing. I stan 
Cried on my way home from work today.. &amp; pulled a PRESS ON NAIL OUT OF MY MOUTH while eating my last bite of popcor… 
Passionista color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Some of the first features of attraction develop between a daughter and her father. How is an event pr… 
Some little pricks broke into my boat , stole a laptop , hard drive full of movies and other items, I will look at… 
The Devil Man,Kings Man,Martian Man Hunter,Human Torch,Aqua-man,Plastc Man,Hawk Man And Animal Man... Most o… 
Good To Gold shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Yeah bro. But more movies.Like now I'm watching Rio 2 and I'm. Having a great ass time,  
Biggest mistake was hyping up that ending scene and not having it.. Like.. biggest anticlimax EVER! 
I live 4 the drama 
No TV/movies unless they were church-related, BUT we could watch any musical. Idk how or why my pa… 
Have you seen all the free #movies on Vu 
Personally I count them as official movies. Some of them have big name stars, big directors and eve… 
The Terrifying Real Story Behind the New Horror Movie 'The Curse of La Llorona' - 
Have you seen all the free #movies on 
When Did Slasher Movies Get So Respectable?The genre that never stays dead has risen again, and now auteurs like J… 
If I started a YouTube channel? Would u watch?  I would be talking about movies, gaming,  and toy hunting. 
Under the Silver Lake Is a Total Mess and Totally Worth ItDavid Robert Mitchell’s follow-up to It Follows is a puz… 
This might be a drama, however in South Africa it’s true story. We should end this treatment of customers. 
Drama king  
Look... Animation movies make so happy  
Y’all let’s start drama.   you stank 
I’m like VERY good at horror movies 
Productive night! Translated some Ramen Daisuki Koizumi-san, worked on the drama site, and cleared off some hard dr… 
The thing I hate about modern thinking is that most of the time we view 'flight' as a less valid approach. A failur… 
War movies with a lesson. Why keep repeating the same story? Mix it up a bit. Media in motion. Try a twitter box to… 
Cuddling while watching movies with 
Keep it up my dude! You will make awesome movies! 
#Movie "Miles" (2015) 
Hi, I’m Dave. At this moment I’m on the cusp of printing the first copies of my second bo… 
On the other side the divine also knows all his lies but cannot reveal what’s known to her because she’s not suppos… 
So in hollywood, there is a TV trope known as a Renfield. Often depicted in Vampire m… 
#MrLocalOnMay17  StudioGreen2 swaps the release dates'! 
#SouthQueen trishtrashers new film titled #Raangi ' 
And so many good movies already. But pls don't take it to far, keep it normal. 
In #Kanchana3, Raghava Lawrence has retained all the commercial moments which worked with his target audience in th… 
TV This Week, April 21-27: ‘Being Mary Jane,’ ‘Gotham’ finales and moreWhat's on TV? BET's "Being Mary Jane" wraps… 
Nigerian Nollywood Movies Producer Ifeanyi Onyeabor Is dead. 
 Storage-on-the-go!256GB EVO Plus MicroSD Card for #camera #photography… 
Thank you for realizing the connection and drama we all knew dnd could be but didn't see realized un… 
The new pet cemetary was one the most stupidest movies I’ve ever seen... 
Went to the movies and saw dumbo whit my brother's and friend mate's  it sucked  the only thing good about it wos… 
Movies to Watch This Earth Day: EcoWatch Staff Picks 
Multi-starrer movies: An evergreen money-making trend 
The New York Times Art, Movies, Dancing"The Week in Arts: ‘Gentleman Jack,’ Bad Bunny and a Musical About Psychoana… 
Here are some tv and movie ideas for your Easter weekend. 
 #NetflixWatchClub - Let's Begin “It’s a Club. For the People, By the People &amp; Of the… 
Spending The Weekend Entertaining? Enjoy Your Favourite Movies At Home This Easter Weekend With Your Own Integra… 
This Saturday, get down to a Ster-Kinekor Theatre near you and watch one of our Saturday Selection movies in comfor… 
I’m glad that I don’t get people who are like this to me, I never ever had anyone rude to me before. I’m just basic… 
Wishing u the best  ... I hope the makers don’t copy slb set aesthetics for a change. Asutosh makes peri… 
Yup *sigh* I’ve downloaded so many movies also  
I think the first movie I really watched 50 times was Smokey and the Bandit. Other top movies are The… 
Except they are an adult. As a teenager I saw my parents drinking. I saw drinking on tv and movies.… 
Some movies shouldn't have a Sequel 300Equalizer Who's on your list 
When Chembai acted in a film 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019!… 
Naughty Berry color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Does it mean you are going to promote more violent movies 
I am the NFKRZ of creating drama 
I would probably say 'justify my love' but honestly my parents let me watch a lot of movies quite early that… 
Y’all haven’t seen comedy until you see the drama a HS girl makes when she can’t find her Juul. It gets 2x funnier… 
 I refrain from blue movies now. 
I really meant to Congratulate you and your husband sooner. I'm sure you are already a WONDERFU… 
So happy !! and I are watching one of my favorite movies ever,  Ratatouille !!! 
Top Library News story: Tessa Thompson and ‘Little Woods’ director Nia DaCosta are breaking down Holl… 
He had the subtitle right... was 2 movies off... but damn... 7 years ago is crazy 
drama mo haez rrr 
I am the aah sorry get well guy .... Don't have time for drama 
she sounds like my Mom ....the drama 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) Full Movie Online FreeAvengers: Endgame (2019)Action, Adventure, Fantasy | 26 Apri… 
Lionsgate Acquires Spec Script ‘Meet the MacHines’; Temple Hill Attached To Produce - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Even if you roll your eyes hey.. y'all like causing unnecessary drama on campus putting so ma… 
Sounds like Marvel's taking another shot at the Fantastic Four! 
5 years in prison watching his own movies. 
Jennifer Lawrence’s Upcoming A24 Film Plot Details Revealed: Lawrence will be playing a U.S. solider who suffers a… 
Trade Talk: Jersey and Kanchana Set BO On Fire 
Mark my words, Hobbs and Shaw will be better than 7/8 of the fast and furious movies. 
I only do about 5 movies a year, but... is "kids can't sit through a Marvel movie with… 
Drama queen 
I absolutely love watching Jen Lilley on all of the HALLMARK movies I'v… 
Some of the newest movies on this page are The Avengers Endgame, Escape Room, Shazam!, True Love Blooms, Doom Room… 
 Can you explain to me how the press isn't giving Russia everything they could have wanted and more? Yo… 
Jena Malone, Jack Huston, Kiersey Clemons, Gabourey Sidibe, Robert Aramayo, Tongayi Chirisa, Lily Cowles &amp; Eric Lan… 
The main reason most/ all horror movies suck balls!!# 
"The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when you're uncool." Almost Famo… 
This is Kiya. She's 4 years old and my youngest. She loves being athletic, loves Disney movies and… 
FILM FESTIVAL EASTER EGG - 30 DISCOUNT CODES CODE: KFFEasterEgg2019 (1ST COME 1st SERVE) VALID TILL 3RD MAY 2019G… 
Yes..... I saw her drama clowning before Congress. She was invited… 
Sooooo.........now I know the TRUTH about ADD from I'm not slow, some people, an… 
Nicolas Winding Refn's Miles Teller-led crime drama series TOO OLD TO DIE YOUNG set to premiere June 14 on Amazon… 
Me and all my friends watching movies together! You should be jealous 
Crisper is....When you house sit for a really rich friend, who is batmans cousin dracula...this is how… 
It’s crazy I grew up on scary movies with blood and guts but now it’s increasingly hard for me to indulge in them.. 
Not sure how accurate the clues were about the double feature. I wouldn't call either of them serial killer movies, especially Wolf Guy. 
Sandra gets her own spin off drama!!! Why are the others even… 
Part 3 of Netflix's Spanish-language drama series MONEY HEIST (LA CASA DE PAPEL) to launch on July 19 #TV 
#Movie "Bird of Steel!" (2015) 
Do you like gladiator movies 
#BabyBoomers! Take a trip back to 1964-1994 for a decade scanning story of #romance #drama #Rock #Fashion and a num… 
Perhaps a tad unrealistic, but you'll not find a better drama on TV 
I don't understand their drama when they've been dead for years now. 
Jisoo’s new drama is sooo cute y’all  
To them, during the current pc culture, it's the right thing...the only thing to do. If one were to re… 
I love these shitty horror movies! 
Why can't we all just get along I'm tired of all the drama I just want it to end! *Crying* 
I am the ColossalIsCrazy of creating drama 
Ooh drama. Do share 
'Teen Spirit' Is A Modern Twist On The Underdog Story Author: Ben CahlamerClick to here to read --&gt;… 
As a follow up movie. It feels like the Southland Tales of follow ups to movies by directors with big 1st hits 
Oh brother..they arent "Anti 2" drama queen.  We want better regulati… 
Yes. Netflix bought out ALBUQUERQUE studios so that’s going to make film here even bigger. There’s alre… 
I did, I really hope he doesn’t get scared off about how Mum is. Some guys just can’t handle that kind of drama in life 
i’m so not down with commercials for scary movies that i don’t expect on my phone. its 3 am, i’m alone in my room a… 
They're all being recast except Deadpool. 
DONT GO PLACES ALONE. It pisses me off and stresses me out so much that people in scary movies continue to go place… 
I ate hot dog and bread with cheese while watching old movies  all day, and you? 
Not to the movies directly, to the actual time period 
I'm watching Manchester by the Sea (2016) #trakt 
Things scary movies have taught me:(a thread) 
Meant to hit downtown then workout after but i ended up watching the avengers movies lol 
Coming Soon Visits the Set of Annabelle Comes Home! - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
and 's tweets make my life, Twitter seriously. Mo… 
New movies and shows on Netflix this weekend: Someone Great and more 
  the last two miss me .. I can do movies and lunch.. 
Need my mind to just turn off and  stop thinking about the fact with all the drama the one person who should’ve reached out didn’t 
Yeah see for whatever reason, probably my love of turn based tactics games, I choreograph fights in my head… 
Sem drama please 
All 3 are highly underrated movies most people missed, and all 3 deserved better 
Okay this is what I want..-Lunch -movies-a day at spa -Atleast 2 bottle of champagne..You have 4 m… 
Disney Movies #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Paranormal investigator and author Lorraine Warren, whose ghost-hunting cases with her late husband inspired movies… 
You guys are drama queens who don't see… 
Disney Committed To Making New Alien And Planet Of The Apes Movies 
The Perfect Date- Noah Centineo is super charming and I'd be in love with him if I was 16. He's charming in this mo… 
Rodgers- drama queen got the coach fired no excuses better perform. Tail end of career and current… 
Warrior Season 1 Soundtrack by H. Scott Salinas &amp; Reza Safinia#Warrior #BruceLee #martialarts #action #drama… 
In public pretends to be offended, in private she’s raised  almost $800k on this drama.  #BanCair #BanJihad… 
To all my new followers: welcome.Sorry it took so long to catch up. Had to sort out a few idiots that followed me… 
Scary movies are best watched alone anyway. 
Mud Pie shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama… 
Field of Dreams is one of those movies that never loses an ounce of luster. The build. The first scene with Liot… 
How Hollywood Legend Doris Day Plans to Celebrate Her 97th Birthday via Love every movie 
Because when you in deep thaughts you sink into a state whereby you shut out every no… 
I usually don't count the Hallmark movies but feel I should count Netflix for some reason 
I'm sure the automated digital radio channel is still going but I haven't listened… 
I was the only one. Like they can go back to their norm without me. Idk why me not coming is such a… 
Qatar Bloodstock win G2 Easter Handicap at Ellerslie with Endless Drama 
That's too much drama, I think I will be okay with twins not triplets!!! 
I just watched Thor (2011) #trakt 
It’s the missing link right? I’m planning on it! I love Laikia’s movies. So I am....excited. B) 
My [22M] sister [19F] wants to go to my graduation, but I’m sure that drama will ensue 
All ready for a Saturday of binging out and watching movies hell yeah. #easter2019 #movies #love #coupletime … 
Do movies like The Perfect Date or To All the Boys I've Loved Before count as movies or TV movies? 
Bitches can’t enjoy anything at tc. Always some sort of drama or “tea” happening  
“Laughter is #eternal, #life is eternal, #celebration continues. #Actors change but the #drama continues. #Waves ch… 
Last part is right but hey nna ga ke motho le drama 
The Fifth Element is one of the greatest movies of all time. The end. 
Now who's influenced by too many movies?  Do you have any idea how many executive decisions we… 
In case you missed it in the fall. 
So I’m trying to catch up on Marvel movies I’ve missed before I see Endgame, and I just finished watching the endin… 
Just went down a weird rabbit hole of movies from my youth that I either thought I had dreamt/made up (they were re… 
Madi watches movies part 1: I watched Someone Great on Netflix and I rate it a 10/10 because I actually laughed out… 
they stay wildin over here. Shit is never ended drama. 
 I’m not at #FanX19 
Umm  I’m a Disney princess  #SorryNotSorry but animals come up to me 
Dead bodies were still floating past him &amp; he was about to cry. After that incident wrote him off,… 
All promises and zero delivery, it’s what we have seen the last few years - we need to take this seat… 
With some good movies and a bottle of wine! 
if there's always drama in your life, then maybe YOU are the drama 
BEST HORROR MOVIES YOU CAN NOT MISS IN 2019 (Trailer) via 
Miss me with any drama at all ever  
11 Shades of Cream Eyeshadow for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama! #checkitout #eyes #cream #eyeshadow… 
Hahahaha when I saw Christine's tweet I was like "mmm I disagree but Twitter has e… 
I love hearing my daughter laugh at her movies....all the Toy Story’s are currently her favorite 
I'm terrible with movies  I've never seen: - The Matrix - Lord of the Rings - Madea/Diary of... Film… 
Wonder if fans would accept if it was only the top 12 in series points where the teams and drivers still earn the s… 
What if it’s sprinkled into a tonic of shows and movies over a period 
most super hero movies would end within 2 minutes if they just used a gun 
An older man told me today that I was pretty enough to make in the movies haha what a jack ass 
#News The 12 movies you must absolutely, positively see this summer (yes, including 'Avenge #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
people can remain hidden under pseudonyms, behind computer or cell phone screens and not be held accou… 
Watching the movie for the 100th time. Please tell me I’m not the only one who just noticed they brou… 
limelight long enough to remember careers without Twitter and I enjoy not having to fish for likes and… 
The first two episodes of this audio drama are now available with more coming up later on.  How about giving these… 
Sent that teeet off in a hurry, then started thinking about 30 other movies I could put in my… 
Games, movies, friends, what could be better? #silentweekend #asl #thisisthelife 
Check out up and vanished. Crime drama that’s pretty good. 
Iron Man 3 is just a small piece in the MCU. The Last Jedi is a supposed to be bigger than that.Iron M… 
I tried the same thing, but only have access to 4 of the movies. So I've finished already 
I imagine the money is there.Then it isn't. Then someone finds a partner. Then they don't have one.… 
I wanna do that thing in the movies where you write a note &amp; wrap it around a rock &amp; throw it through a window &amp; th… 
I watch porn movies 
That's fine if you don't. But Disney owns them both. There is a correlation. If the entire story is good… 
...people like you P.S. another great way to deal with a tweet with false information, is to del… 
Hot Off The TruckPop! Movies: Avengers: Endgame is Available In Store and Online Here … 
I worked as a nurses aid for years in an assisted living facility for people with Alzheimer's, dementi… 
Mom: Why are you rewatching all the movies?Me: I’m preparing for next week!  #AvengersEndgame 
#Movie "Before the Last Drop" (2014) 
Because the 90s was a time for teenagers featured in horror movies to stare moodily at you from their hazy blue pos… 
But people make movies with hired/rented resources,do expect them to be original and use their own property? 
We’re in the #Endgame now. 21 movies in 11 years has been leading to #AvengersEndgame One week left. 
“In the 20s social critics believed movies would turn our children to lives of wild delinquency. In the 50s a Senat… 
The word is used in movies and music that we listen too. I’ve also heard the word used by fans at t… 
Lol! Like in horror movies? 
Giyani is not a Land of blood, please STOP misrepresenting that peacful place. Untill someone changes… 
Ewwwww she's just a clout seeker and drama queen at this point.  Why are any Armys even following/believing her!?!?!? 
This is a conversation I just overheard at between a mother and daughter JB Hi-Fi:Mother: “Do you watch movies?”… 
Cold Rock Aspley OPEN Complete your outing with some Cold Rock ice cream from Aspley, Australia's 1st Cold Rock sto… 
DRAMA CLUB : ASTRO VOYAGE INTERGALACTIC QUEER DANCE SOCIALSAT MAY 11 9:30 PAY WHAT YOU CAN… 
Sounds like they could. 
The thing is...we've got Terminator and Joker movies coming. WB works closely with DC. So...I can see it. 
DC does great royalties. Marvel, not so much... 
Chris Hemsworth Says He'll Play Thor For As Long As Marvel Lets Him 
My two coworkers started dating, creating a hostile work environment with all their drama. One of t… 
and minhyuk told me after you're done there can u come and watch movies w him pretty pls — YES we will have movie m… 
He can't afford a pizza, but can afford to go out to the movies? Okaaay 
Stop this non-sense. Iran is sensitive about CPEC and other resources utilizing in Balu… 
The only thing that matters is how you see and feel about yourself. The rest of the world can eith… 
Idk I feel like the new Star Wars movies are some of the most beautifully curated pieces of art we’ll see in our li… 
You are the books you read, the movies you watch, the music you listen to, the people you spent time with, the conv… 
Jess I think you’re right, they’re worth a billion or close to it. Between $ f… 
Love him... top 3 favorite sports movies of all time Miracles... he was fantastic as 1980 USA coach Herb Brooks 
#CountdownToEndgame The most anticipated movie for a certain demographic #BlackPanter lived up to an expectation th… 
This is one of those Disney Original movies that I loved growing up! Apparently the same guy did the fir… 
why something so specific?Because I remember watching a lot of weirdshit action movies on late night sundays in T… 
Sterling isn’t having a good night which means I’ll be up watching horror movies for most of the night 
"We don’t make movies to make money, we make money to make more movies."– Walt Disney 
Idk why people thought it would be good I called it from the beginning lol she sucked in WWE and she… 
So true, it's funny blacks complain they don't win movie awards, but also they can play Asian parts… 
you claim to have a gf. But what woman likes men that run on with gyals and like drama as much as you? — Sis, and I… 
In my opinion as long as LayedBak keep up the video, my beef with Scru… 
While #Shazam the movie was entertaining, I wasn’t as blown away by it as I expected. Were my expectations too high… 
Promotionally, Joker and Terminator make sense since they have movies coming out. And Spawn and Ash would be big fa… 
Like, I don't mind kids cheering or screaming during fun moments. But there is a fucking limit. Movies aren't cheap… 
Same. He’s still a drama queen. 
Captain America Civil War is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. But I haven’t watched infinity war yet so.. 
No offense Rob but no one cares about your drama free love fest TV show.... that’s why we love Vanderpump Rules....… 
- drama time 
"You have to get past the Avengers and Marvel shit at some point, ok? Other fucking people make mo… 
"Even"? I'd say Cap has some of the most tactical superhero movies, because that's his thing, he's a l… 
I have now seen 20/21 marvel movies before Endgame comes out next week  
Many people don't see them as kid's movies. There are some grownup concepts i… 
I have come to the conclusion that the fifty shades movies are...stupid 
you know your empty nesting when you watch and cry b/c  Eve moved out! (Yes, I cried… 
After Online and FreeThis is Romance Movies #afterMovieFree #latest #afterforfree 
I think I am pretty cool. I like all the same food that I like. I like the same music and movies as… 
You know what they say.. if theres no drama to make a drama alert video on.. go cause some!  
Too bad,I'm always looking for drama 
Me, &amp; were bad as hell but we had so much fucking fun as kids.  I loved playing with m… 
She drama drama 
Rh community is full of drama anyways 
Hav come to the conclusion that so many scary movies incorporate religious themes or imagery bc all religion is based on fear ok gn 
KKKKKKK SLK 
Oh boy this is gonna be on drama alert I bet 
In Theaters Now: The Curse of La Llorona | Weekend Ticket 
My Mom's Letter From Heaven Lifetime Movie #Drama 
I think most of my friends are guys because girls are straight drama. 
My brother came to knock at my window last night after going out. Told him I don’t know the allow code so I don’t w… 
That's what happens in the music industry, movies, TV. How many stories about singers… 
why do they have to demand it when Barr already said he would be supportive of it............   drama queens 
a short list of movies that all make me feel a very specific, indescribable way, changed my world view, and made me… 
LOVE U 
I have been rewatching the Rambo movies #awesomeness when is Rambo 5 coming out and can I be an extra!!! 
“Glass” would’ve worked as a comedy. The fact that it was supposed to be taken seriously made it one of the dumbest… 
If you like the Last Jedi, that's great. But it made half of what The Force Awakens made worldwide. And then everyo… 
Rewatching 'The Wire': Classic Crime Drama Seems Written For Today 
I'm only In my immediate family, parents and sisters... The rest can tell me what they need separatelyThe drama is too much! 
Movies are written by the critics as the actors perform. 
A bad King book to movie isn’t King’s fault. I’m usually disappointed because the movies rarely capture… 
With that Phase One is complete! Really enjoyed watching the first six movies in this order! It’s been a long time… 
In college, my friends and I made a habit/contest of trying to find the worst movies possible… 
I think he doesn’t want drama shem! 
Sports movies only 
Man, we make our own movies 
Wow, I'm surprised haha!! I'm so used to hearing fans complain about all the… 
Someone Great on Netflix is literally my new fav movie! That shit had me crying and laughing. I just love movies li… 
I love horror movies, even ridiculously bad ones, but that was awful. Not worth the hour and a half of hatewatching. 
Spice Girl shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Dr… 
greatest american movies:american weddingamerican pie 
I used to love romantic movies.. but now every time I watch them they remind me of 2 things. #1 what we could have… 
American offers free movies on your handhelds on the flight. 
Sadly, I’ve gone through the CA drama posts back so I won’t have to deal with it again. But instead of giving speec… 
after hearing two 3 year olds aren't screaming as dinosaurs ate people during fallen kingdom last sum… 
Right? I could watch Harry Potter movies forever, it is that good.  
Anyone else watch horror movies and instantly put on cartoons afterwards?  #imachicken 
That's media for you, Sweep away major things to nag at something else, drama sells, 
i needa go to the movies bro 
Still need to see Spider-Man Homecoming, the two Ant-Man movies, Captain Marvel, Guardians of the Galaxy 2, a… 
A court room drama a la Philadelphia about Dogs playing basketball 
Welcome to the Union Harry Potter Club! We meet every Tuesday after school in room 201! (AKA Mrs. Coolie's room) We… 
I got 12 out of 24. I'm pretty proud of that considering there was like 6 or 7 movies in there that I have never watched before 
Who's excited to see Carnage in the Venom sequel? 
The Silence is a shameless copy of A Quiet Place, but Stanley Tucci and Kiernan Shipka make it tolerable #Movies #TV 
I have clearly chosen to watch Hugh Grant's best and worst movies back to back, this one's only saving grace Drew Barrymore 
Trying to stay away from drama.  
Post Goldeneye movies were a gradual slide downhill that turned into a pratfall by the last… 
Let’s get real. Roxxxy won that lipsync, but Ru was saving Alyssa for a lip sync against Coco. Ru wanted to squeeze… 
Thank you brother.Having an emotional thingyabob going on. No drama, just needing God. Cant explain 
Y’all...... I made jungle juice and everyone is fucked up ....... like so much drama has happed within one hour 
Or the post-GoldenEye Brosnan movies. 
I’m not drunk passed out  I’m watching stupid Hallmark movies! Lol 
Christian Movie 2019 - God Where Are You - Best Family Movies For Everyone 
ONE YEAR since VIDEO DRAMA Melbourne! It was my third opportunity to share my Muriel’s Wedding-inspired art show, a… 
someone in Tokyo should come watch Shazam with me today, I hate going to the movies solo and it looks pretty fun. 
imagine if there were more movies with powerful women leads, so many girls would be more confident and realize their worth!! 
Who would be interested in jailbreaking forum? It will be just like r/jailbreak but a forum instead. What will make… 
Blu-ray nerd, and even more so for Marvel movies. #MarvelStudios 
And that's how an idiot ruined his kids chances to watch movies by getting banned from entering there. 
As a Combat Vet I never expect war movies to be overly accurate. That being said the Hurt Locker was hot garbage. 
The Best Teen Movies on Netflix Right Now - 
Drama in the skies -- driving home after Good Friday service #Chattanooga #GoodFriday 
I watched two movies this week: #homecoming and #vice. Amazing to see what drives individuals and the impact they can have on society. 
Manic Movies | Ep. 32 MCU Television Shows Review via 
Goodnight Wonderful Patriots! Wishing you all a wonderful Easter weekend! Just putting on one of my favorite mo… 
why do movies have endings there's not a single good one 
see, when all the world's a play to you, all you see is the drama and pageantry… not the substance behind it 
Top 10 Doris Day Movies 
Japanese Horror Comedy One Cut of the Dead Heads to Shudder - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Poker or movies 
I just watched this movie (twice) and will watch it again and again. I love this movie.… 
I shouldn't be allowed to watch romantic movies. They fuck with my emotions. I don't think love is real, but the ho… 
eating and watching movies with Bella 
I support black movies but idk about this chief 
I Just Finished Watching &amp; Wow What A Fantastic Movie! This Is Masterpiece! Adam Driv… 
Want to surf the net anonymously, cheaper airplane tickets &amp; the latest movies on streaming services? You need a… 
This Lillard vs Westbrook rivalry is so damn compelling. Only first round series with any real drama and excitement. #ThunderUp #RipCity 
All three Khan's fans should unite together and boycott his movies, enough of his and like mi… 
There's obviously a lot of valid criticism directed at horror movies, especially in their portrayal/treatment of wo… 
Or those people who think desaturation is bad when a lot of great movies like Saving Private Ryan have done it. 
i need to watch cute videos now i hate horror movies &gt;:( 
it might be a pyjamas, sushi &amp; movies kind of Saturday afternoon tbh 
#Movie "Divine Horsemen: The Living Gods of Haiti" (1985) 
Time  is  drama... just look at all the people crying “LATE!” after the stream countdown ticks to 00:00 
I heard you also like Hallmark Christmas movies and I was hooked 
10 Upcoming New Horror Movies from Full Moon Include ‘Subspecies V’ and Solo Film ‘Blade: The Iron Cross’! - 
Netflix be having some good movies you just gotta find them 
why do i try to watcg scary movies when i just end up pissing my pants 
I always fall back on Lethal Weapon.  Drama, comedy, action all rolled up in one. 
The Lion King will always be one of my favorite movies. #classic 
hajshshahs he was a viner. he's actually a youtuber, a model and is in some movies 
I don’t know enough about you to judge you :0 but I guess my first impression is that you’re a cool… 
I’m a sucker for movies.   Sigh 
I’m not ready for this type of drama 
First off...who was caught?! Second...Hader was i… 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost - 
He's still proud of his Daredevil movie. 
Anyone else really looking forward to Evil Anne Hathaway? #TheWitches 
So I want to talk about some of my favorite movies or at least reasons why I love a movie. Maybe I'll use #GoodAboutThisMovie when I do 
It's a huge franchise, there's novels, manga, anime, movies and so on. Toho has a version, but I hav… 
Movies with my lil brother until I fall out  
One of our favorite movies. Perfect Friday night off with my hub. Eden Prairie, Minnesota 
Ugh I’m living for my new outfit just need the right pair of earrings 
Oh bs.  You thrive on drama like any little immature girl.  What are you 12.   Or do you just act like your mom 
thabks for showing good movies, out of all the premium channels you guys are by far the best. 
One of my favorite movies ever!!!! 
lmaoooo not she over did aye i salute sis becauseee whooooooo fenna pay a arm and a leg for some snacks at the movies. 
NOW PLAYING ON KLEK: Mr. Sche and Al Kapone - "You Don't Want No Drama Boi" LISTEN LIVE NOW: 
Now I finally understand why  says you’re the drama Queen.  
#TheLastDriveIn You guys are better at recommending new movies to me than Pandora is a… 
yes, once recognized - throw it out. forgive everyone and yourself. get over it. its useless drama now… 
You know the movies where the villain is the guy who comes in and takes over the compa… 
You cannot say its the parents for all those kids. Some lie, I'm at her house,  the movies,  eyc. They know their p… 
The Green Goblin stood out a lot more to me than the Joker, entirely because of the Riami films. Plus… 
We know where you should take that money, straight to the theatre to see - now playing!… 
I love 80s fantasy movies they’re all so fuckin weird 
there are so many movies i can remember watching with Tim Curry in it.. but my favorite by far is Step… 
Most important tip I can give: Bring your tablet, and download the airline’s app the day before! That’s… 
Did anyone see on the other night?  I’m worried that our hero isn’t doing well. His hand… 
That specific sound used in movies/TV to denote someone getting their bell rung or losing their hearing by some lou… 
---The Gummy Bear Song - Long English Version Animation, animation movies full movies english,Disney, disney movies… 
People in movies always wear their shoes inside! #disgusting 
afraid of the drama? Or because I didn't want to confront them? Or because I didn't want to give up my friendship?… 
Tbh there are scenes in movies about Jesus that I can't even watch. I find myself closing my eyes or turning my hea… 
Still Love It! #trakt 
High drama in the bottom of the 9th inning. #Mets 
#Growingupdumb being at the movies and being told to “enjoy your movie” and saying “you too” 
"I've tried to live by The Ten Commandments... and lots of other Charles Heston movies!" #bmoviemaniacs 
Guess who went shopping adel forgotten her check card my mum to the rescue she paid for my dirty Chai as well 
I can barely imagine how horrible it would have been for suffragettes. T… 
Dc animated movies are way better than DC live action movies 
I’m just speculating here but looks like Kian saw the tweet where I suggested he should audition for 80s hair/glam… 
Had an awesome workout after work! Finishing off the night with some Halo Top and movies  
They don’t make movies like that anymore. 
I want to go to the movies as fancily as they do. 
I know that is bollo, but was he not tompo in one of the movies, 
Today's Horror Poll: Do you support independent horror movies/filmmakers/projects? 
Watching My Fellow Citizens! Drama (12/36) via #MyDramaList 
Pinky Promise shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama! #checkitout #eyes… 
Well I guess I’ll just uhh head out of your drama 
He made the first Thor movie Before snow White and the Huntsman 
My girl coo as fuck man. Stays out the jam, stays away from drama, keeps to herself, ain’t bitter, doesn’t gossip,… 
It’s Friday night and I’m laying in bed 3 movies deep in Marvel marathon and I couldn’t be having a better time 
Damn some real deep cuts on The Last Drive In with never heard of Madman or Wolf Guy before and I’m… 
Hit you like bangWe tried to forget it, but we just couldn'tAnd I bury hatchets but I keep maps of where I put 'e… 
wow jonah hill’s mid90s is one of the realest movies i’ve ever seen 
Wish I could see my Haunt Family #FanXSpring19 
"Drunk Parents" and 4 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Congratulations, you have terrible taste in movies. 
Jim Cavizel did a remarkable job with that role. He’s a fantastic actor. Mel Gibson makes great mov… 
come on man...you need to watch more Disney movies . 
It honestly doesn’t bother me. I mean, have you watched LORD OF THE RINGS lately? A lot of the CG in those movies doesn’t hold up great. 
I finally saw #Shazam. Oh my gosh. It’s automatically become one of the top 5 superhero movies on my list.… 
#KhakeeOne of the best cop 
I think I’m going to try to stay off twitter for the most part. I need a break from all the negativity and drama .… 
You deceived your constitutes, leading them to believe you would be with President Trump. BUT you  w… 
Y'all why do I always watch scary movies when I have to be alone 
Me that’s Cute looks at the post price Tag me puts it Back 
I always guess the wrong movies! 
#voice3 new teaser. Drama premieres May 11th #leejinwook #LeeHaNa # #3 
Emma Watson may be joining the MCU! 
Wonder if he'll be a better Joker than Heath. 
Haven't watched GoT, too busy shooting, editing and writing generally. I do watch movies however and this is an exc… 
Congratulations! Go… 
Take care of yo momma take care of yo children take care of yo niggas stay out that drama  
I’m not gonna watch another marvel movie again either but that’s because once the credits rolled on Inf… 
I’m starting to hate romance movies 
I went straight from binging all of GoT again to rewatching all the MCU movies... what is wrong with me?!? 
Can’t wait to move to my next apartment. It’s a lot nicer than the one o was living in and I can’t thank anybody bu… 
Why? It's the truth. She feeds off drama, violence &amp; conflic… 
no idea just don't like them i love action movies and other stuff 
I need to stop waking up to so much drama man wtf 
My #pathfinder Runelords group is an exception. Great narrative players, not too silly, and know how t… 
i hate horror movies 
Me trying to sell democratic socialism to people who only watch MCU movies knowing full well that if DemSoc happens… 
Parenting A Teenage Boy: I am not above planting a baby monitor in my 16yo’s room...No baby mama drama happening on… 
Vic Mignogna, Voice Actor Who Plays Broly In Dragon Age Movies &amp; Games, Sues Funimation For Defamation - 
3:10 to Yuma, if you're ok with Western gunslinger movies 
Seeing those tweets I honestly gained a lot more respect for you. Not everything is about being pol… 
Kinda glad tho im,away from,the internet for a bit.Was really getting fed up with the drama and,shit on here lol 
I’m so tired of black shows/movies about Black pain. We can’t get some non-cringey, well scripted and casted romanc… 
the sections in her memoir when she talks about filming it strike that perfect balance of being absolut… 
Top Gun is one of the best movies ever.  Fight me. 
I love the pained looked on your face for drama!  He was perfect ... it’s the democrats that are void… 
We also stopped at the gas station and the guy asked her if she was wearing medicine for poison ivy and this fool s… 
It looks like a fairy tale. My story reads like something out of a romance novel, full of pretty pictures, the hand… 
I love the donghua, but at the same time I want to see all the lovey bits between wwx and lwj and I… 
A big part of this movie is dynastic drama, and it’s interesting to me that the loss of the throne here is not the… 
Went to the movies with for the first time in 2 years. I missed it a lottttt and I'm just thankful as… 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) Full Movie Online Free #AvengersEndgame #Avenger #Movies #2019movies 
Meteor Man was one of my fav movies and Robert Townsend was one of the original black directors in the late 80s / e… 
It would have made the movies more fun 
Where’s the Drama in that? Nailer can’t help admiring his pitiful self on camera. And he is a pitiful one Indeed! 
Sorry. Can’t leave this one alone. So why do ppl admire actors, actresses, and singers? Serio… 
Why are all the Spy Kids movies on Netflix and why did I only just find out about this now 
What cracks me up.... fashion now days creates new designs?.... but we have seen all their new designs i… 
Please report her, ban her, share with your friends and stuff. She's annoying! Her real name is katie. She even tol… 
I was called a monster  I’m not the type to cry during movies/shows but sometimes i shed a few tears 
Drama Free 123 9th Rivero #Take game one Bucs 
Awesome video. My favorite thing was the men in Black. Which is one of my favorite movies . I liked the dragon a lot to!!  
Obsessed with my new outfit H&amp;M 
“Motherfunster....”No joke, I watched one of the Lethal Weapon movies in Ireland once… 
Sister asks, "Have we seen any movies in the theater this year that aren't Marvel movies?"Brother in law, "Oh yeah… 
#Movie "Warm Blooded Killers" (1999) 
None of these are guilty pleasure movies!  I’m damn proud to admit I love them all! 
 IMPORTANT Leading up to #AvengersEndgame I have begun my binge of all Marvel movies ending with Infinity War (… 
I'm starting to allow myself to really enjoy comic book movies.  was good, is good so fa… 
Loved Unbreakable, Split &amp; Glass.  Screw the critics. Great movies. Great replay value. Keep them coming.  
Thunder have had SO MUCH needless drama this season, looking back.  frfr 
I just came to drama smh 
Watch Amy Winehouse: A Final Goodbye on Tubi: 
I love it when they show old home movies of the Kardashians and I can see what they actually looked like before the… 
drama queen “abdicate” ~ do you mean abrogate dear? 
The great thing about a quiet British drama is that when something really simple happens like someone raises their… 
Juliana Harkavy Is Glad They Made A 'Birds of Prey'-Themed 'Arrow' Episode Before Emily Bett Rickards Left -… 
Shoutout to all the puzzles in movies that have been solved by "Just put some water on it!" 
One thing I absolutely love about watching movies is having to turn my volume up or down drastically every few minutes. 
Keeps using DeepVeer for his 2rs vimal pan masala award but will not watch their movies. 
Hahaha yeah  Honestly most people I know who like TCW say that it's an in-universe holo-drama made… 
I know. Others disregard it completely because they can't stand crediting him solely because they dislike his movies. 
It's good story. They used to make movies about things like this. 
The internet really wants Daniel as the next Wolverine! 
GThai Movie 7: Pheromone 
They’ll remake all the marvel movies in 10 years anyway 
I think I see some drama in the third pic 
So hyped on the in the heights movie. More Latinx movies!!! 
my momma the worst to go to the movies with. she talk nonstop, don’t silence her phone, and don’t lower her brightness. 
April 26 I’m going to be at the movies period . 3 hrs and 1 minute 
Remember chachaji talked about FD for Preeti’s wedding, he had money...any person in desperate need, would… 
Land Before Time: The Stone Of Cold Fire out here teaching us that we have to be accountable for our actions. And t… 
Long Way Home (2019)  #trakt 
watching horror movies alone: watching horror movies with siblings:  
I mean, Chris Evans has said he won't be doing anymore Captain America movies or cameos, so… 
The SJW’s are the ones that download it, because they don’t work..… 
If you go out to the movies and actually finish your bucket of popcorn you’re a goddamn animal 
-long ride on your bike. That always makes you feel better, then you can come stay at mine tonight and we can watch… 
Since impotent “lawmakers” refuse to take action, these folks are trykmg to help resolve the… 
I sometimes wonder the same thing, but being a part of this community and watching horror movies t… 
Lol the person who told me the play by play wasn't as impressed. I'd probably like it... Though I'd… 
Ugh. I'm so ready for her to either chill out or be gone from Twitter for good. I've had her blocked… 
O.o  the majority of HP fans I know despise the movies. 
i literally went out of my way to forget this spineless dude existed. but he thrives on drama and attention 
Adjusted for inflation, The Passion of the Christ was a bigger movie than 'Back to the Future'. But 'The Towering… 
i LOVE movies like that omg i’ll have to see it now 
You gave some drama going on! 
So these Phase III movies are organized around CIVIL WAR, INFINITY WAR, and ENDGAME. The ones that aren’t one of th… 
#NeneLeakes Spills The Tea On Her Issues With Kandi &amp; Cynthia via #RHOA #Reunion #tea #hot #drama #bravo # 
My family didn't really care but as a general rule I didn't really wear it bc I wore a uniform and it… 
Drama still follows me lol 
Whoa. Let’s dial down the drama a bit, guy. 
Today's Throwback: Tumbbad (2018) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A mythological story about a goddess who cre… 
Most of his movies are, tbh 
i just wanna lay in bed, eat taco bell &amp; watch scary movies with my momma.. 
I haven’t seen all of either of these movies but Jedi powe… 
I've been a big fan of hers since I saw her work on FROZEN RIVER 11 years… 
A worrying amount of movies were made based on their own poster art. 
Not bad for just over 300 grand right! Movies with 10 times that bud… 
We do drama better than Game of Thrones. 
Back in the Habit: On Set With Ricky Greenwood's 'Sinful Nuns'Above, Nina Hartley and Magdalene St. Michaels on t… 
Oh shit gotta add apocalypse movies to the list of things that I can’t watch when I’m anxious 
Movies , snacks , bed  I’m starting to get old lol  
why reply to a tweet in order to start more drama when it was tweeted hours ago? 
Ashley and Jays drama is so contrived to stay on tv. Nothing they say or do is legit. Its all acting so they can be… 
I hate movies that show black people suffering. But I am interested 
The dude is running for his life, chased by 100 thugs, his sister is running after them all in high heels yelling,… 
#KINDLE #BOOKSuspense, drama, &amp; erotic romance in Beautiful, Author Sylvia Hubbard’s 40th Novel… 
love your movies 
The actual true story of The Conjuring, namely the Perron family and Enfield hauntings, is scarier than the movies… 
Action movies starring Emily Blunt &gt;&gt;&gt; Action movies not starring Emily Blunt 
Die Hard is totally a Christmas movie, as is Airplane, The Wizard of Oz, the entire library of Bond m… 
And everybody show up ready to watch movies til we drunk. Then dance and sing the rest of the night away. 
i became a film major because all of my communications major classes counted… 
Scott finally talked me into watching Avengers 2 ((which I avoided because I’m sooooo tired of super hero/comic mov… 
Teen romance movies are great and all, but I’m just here for the B-Plot Romance - the sidekicks who get together. T… 
I don't like marvel movies but I think they're more for everyone, not just kids.  Kinda like how no… 
Literally just had the worst time at the movie theater. Our local theater now serves alcohol and apparently they do… 
Yes it was. I was so pissed when they didn’t do any other of the movies 
Why am I not surprised by the fact that your kid is so fantastic? I'll read the reviews any day… 
Mel Gibson challenged the film industry establishment with his movie. All the prior “E… 
Move over, Avatar! 
Y’all.....think about how far the iron man suit has come since the first movies to now.... #IronMan2 #AvengersEndgame #AvengeTheFallen 
feel like shit just wanna watch movies all night 
I was expecting Cersei orders to cut Elmo's head off or some crazy shit. 
Damian Lillard flops harder than most Colin Ferrell movies. 
Stop trying to stir up drama 
I like movies that use the word imbued regarding plot devices. 
Good thing about watching the Marvel movies in order is seeing reactions through all the ups and downs. 7 days. #Endgame 
the original is only great because of the fond memories. bet yo… 
So, this scene takes place in South Korea, and ULTRON had a scene in South Korea as well. Are there any other Asian… 
Been nerding out these marvel movies all week. 
namjoon is my favorite movies of the week 
That’s why I also love The Mummy movies lol 
One of the best all-time movies ever made.  And it's older than even ME!! 
Why aren’t you doing any movies? 
You know it!  Needed to wait out last season’s drama!  We are back with bells  on!   
This is the stuff of movies.  History.  And legends.  If true.  If  ... How can you not enjoy the show, regardless?   
Man this movie made me tear up. I hate military movies bro 
Me: “I don’t cry in movies”Watches Breakthrough: 
There are so many movies to watch!  And amazing content on TV, and Netflix, and, hel… 
Our Top 5 Dog Horror Movies #horror: Looking for a scary horror movie featuring dogs? Here is our list of top horro… 
I have an obsession with zombie movies...    Good or bad ones!     Love a good zombie movie but also love a bad one… 
Here's a dedication I wrote to my sister. It's nothing but inside jokes from our favorites (tv sho… 
drama mode on 
Dear I don’t pay fees on movie tickets cause I don’t go to the movies fuck off with your bull shit advert… 
The more drama I feel like will be in one place, the less likely I’ll go to that place. Unless there’s tickets and an open bar 
I think there are a few homages in this series finale to other shows and movies, I'm not sure if it's… 
Love those movies! 
God, so many great movies. I’m a huge Horror fan! But I’m gonna have to go the B-Horror route and say The Evil Dead  
There's lots that's problematic about especially later Scorsese. Wolf is two hours too long and too many… 
I agree. The Transformer movies are excellent as well and I hope they keep making them forever. 
Watching (Good Friday) movies,  seeing similarities with the Senators in Nero's day.  Amazing how… 
#News 5 TV shows and movies to binge-watch over the long Easter weekend #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.Will Rogers 
10 PM EST, $197K.Vintage Nani at USA-BO . After a handful of not so Nani type movies, Nani is back with Nani-kind… 
Insomnia so strong that I survived a 2h47 Danish period drama without as much as a yawn or long blink. 
So the "drama of the NBA Playoffs" turns out to be supreme athletes overreacting to everything.  What a shame. 
Yeah. I’ll see endgame once. Then I think I’m done unless things improve drastically.  Have… 
Also watched The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 and the last half of Amityville 2: The Possession today. That’s more mov… 
me: i feel like the harry potter movies are on tv *turns on the tv*the tv: *harry potter movies are on* 
ugh you have all the fun.This is having Taste™ in movies. 
Roman Polanski sues to be reinstated to The Academy #Movies #TV 
Just #added a #new #poster to the #wall #laika new #movie #missinglink #animation #movies #hughjackman #stopmotion… 
1958 movies 
Ant-Man is down. Tomorrow will be Civil War, Doctor Strange, and Guardians 2. I'm gonna get through all these hecki… 
#Movie "Buck Privates" (1941) 
Sorry. You lost me at superhero movies for adults.  
8) having them. My life matters.  I have be… 
More Brie Larson interview drama! Ice daggers at Jeremy Renner. #Avengers #Endgame #AvengersEndgame #CaptainMarvel 
these movies they putting on streaming services need to stop trying to be A Quiet Place. 
Yeah, it happens sometimes 
breakthrough, in the movies 
Guess with video games downloading I’ll re watch some Marvel movies with the release of #Endgame 7 days away 
Red Joan is a 2018 British spy drama film, directed by Trevor Nunn.  in theaters now. WATCH TRAILER… 
Batman Movies Starring Michael Keaton Returning To Theaters To Celebrate Anniversary 
For Confederate Memorial Day, checkout these books about the human side of Confederates that should be movies that… 
We decided to try to get through all the movies before opening night. #Endgame 
CNN's Zucker Describes Network's Pro-Trump Panelists As… 
Oh I can’t bear to think of no more new Thor movies!  
Wait everyone saying it’s a kids movie I thought superhero movies were pg 13 I mean I was stupid whe… 
Oh sweet mother of chocolate, our sweet tooth is tingling! We just couldn't resist reposting the Loaded Lamington C… 
It's almost 4/20, dude! Which leads at to ask, What's the best stoner movie?… 
"But what am I still to you Some thief who stole from you? Or, some fool drama queen Whose chances were 
nothin but drama and a headache 
Awe, Brenda!!!  Keep your heart open! You will find a fellow to enjoy watching soul stirring movies with you!!… 
Never took myself to the movies before 
Looking for new horror movies. Any recommendations welcome. 
I have so much to do at home during the day but don't have anything to do here tonight so someone go out, come watc… 
Not giving up, maybe they don’t pay Martinez next year? Maybe they just find a way to get him on the field 
Create a Animated Disney Movies Tier List via 
Watch Avengers: Endgame Full Movie Online Free'Avengers: Endgame' Teaser Breakdown Avengers: Endgame (2019)Acti… 
So she doesn’t even sing in movies cuz she don’t wanna mix things but she will release a reggae al… 
Thing is simple, $. Trump made Russia jokes, Trump won upset MSM, Hillary wanted to save face, reduce c… 
I don't care if you think his movies are bad, Snyder is an auteur. 
Two nights ago, I introduced Dana to "Alien." Tonight I'm introducing him to "Aliens." How you get to age 35 as a S… 
Seen all of his movies, love what he does 
boyfriend won’t watch a movie with me, can’t rent any movies. yay Friday...not 
TV is different than movies.… 
The best part of the #ThingsIHaventOutgrown hashtag is it made me reflect on how I haven't outgrown any of my child… 
Each of our movies has included, in the blooper reel, a section of people sort of shuffling/dancing between takes.… 
Emma Thompson is no Dame. Apparently she is too old to fly economy. Funny given the only way she is able to fly bus… 
I haven't read them or seen the movies! We exist.  
New video by OMNISEK: pokemon go NYC EGGSTRAVEGANZA event #DURecorder #PokemonGo #live #OmniSqwad #pokemongo… 
When you’re 15 everything is drama 
random humanstuck ventus hcs,, he doesn't like coffee, he talks to himself a lot, he kept a stuffed animal aqua gav… 
Ppl believe what they want to believe. Most bots online who push Russia thing were paid by MSM which ha… 
I’d like to point out...no one Venmo me money. How the fuck am I suppose to go to the movies with out gummy bears o… 
Movies with my boys  
Yup, instigated some drama that ended with a girl I had beef with getting a book thrown at her. I didn't get in tro… 
And NO SCARY MOVIES. 
What a sffhhtti,need to show them whats Martial Law is and how its rule and send them all to Gu… 
I forgot how stupidly funny the #Deadpool movies were 
Andy Serkis is batshit bonkers, and Michael B Jordan delivers one of the best villains in this entire series of movies. 
Greek drama has the best stories (and damn I love me a chorus) but all the cool shit happens offstage! *pout* 
One of my top 10 movies for this very reason. It is such a good movie. 
Top 5 series de drama 
#emergingscreenwriter love writing TV female focused serialized drama and absurd comedy 
Omfg. Fadel ignore them. I've known you for like what a month now? You're an amazing dude. They just wan… 
Love You but it’s 9pm Hour can’t Cheat on Her to see You on… 
Before 1990 horror movies were full of 35 year old horny teenagers. #Madman #TheLastDriveIn 
PWTORCH DAILYCAST – Best of PWTorch Livecast: (4-16-2014) McNeill &amp; Fairplay discuss WWE P.R. drama, Bryan vs. Kane… 
This isn’t a fairytale. This isn’t a sitcom or drama crime thriller. This is REAL LIFE and, sometimes... most times… 
Misquoted a song lyric in smash Brothers saying the singer said "retarded" and tried to create drama. 
Does anyone else get the sudden urge to just watch all the Harry Potter movies in one sitting? It hits me at least twice a day 
I'd love to see other movies get the Muppet Treatment. Hell or High Water, Reqium for a Dream, or som… 
you sneaky man, I just finally noticed that you are teaching me things while you entertain me (I kno… 
Lifetime movies must be on hiatus The “nasty women” are needing something to butch about! Spare us your opinions 
i hate watching movies more than once.... how could it be better 
"He's been in dozens of movies, just to be decapitated"I have new career goals. #TheLastDriveIn 
Heal sweetie. Listen to your most inspiring music, have a good soul washing cry, rest, watch your fav… 
Dequari was sick today so made a palette and rented movies and just hung out until he felt better then went grocery shopping. Success. 
WHEN THEY SEE US Trailer (2019) Teen Drama, Netflix Series HD 
there are no good movies on netflix 
How does sound like a high-budget radio drama when all the effects/music/editing/NPCs are done by open… 
I've been on a Korean Drama kick for a few months that now, and I just finished One More Time and I'm sobbing T_T i… 
#Expendables night hello ... Hell Yah ! #Movies 123 
Never mind my mom is still dating the ass fuck. And I have to deal with his dramaIt is time to escape to the shower and then music. 
Movies  
Horror movies without the jump scares? #Movies #TV 
New Image from Terrence Malick's 'A Hidden Life' - About Austrian Franz Jägerstätter, a conscientious objector, ref… 
Oh snap! Joe Bob's airing MADMAN tonight, perhaps the best F-13th ripoff ever made! I haven't seen this sucker sinc… 
if you know me, you know i don’t watch movies (which is funny cause i was a film major in college)... just watched… 
We decided to watch the Twilight movies, and the fact that Edward Cullen is a vampire doesn’t even break the top 5 reasons he is undateable. 
Any drama is  
Marathon the Marvel movies in anticipation of Endgame 
why there is a Resistance / where the New Order came from / what happened to the Empire post ROTJ. The Aftermath bo… 
#TCMParty People in movies always lose their minds before they die. 
I saw 7 angels and to them were given 7 trumpets...the seventh angel sounded his trumpet, and there were loud voi… 
It’s funny to think that this movie actually takes place before SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING. The order of these Phase III movies is pretty loose. 
I by no means dislike the movies. Just my least favorite of the 3. Still ahead of a bunch of others. 
“It’s these two Grace Jones lookin’ chicks with spears.”I always liked Grace Jones. A VIEW TO A KILL is one of my… 
Want to see Shahid in a political drama movie !! Would be spectacular 
Let’s all agree to not listen to anything most celebrities say unless it’s in a movie. And even then,… 
I don’t think this is anything personal on Griffin’s part.  Also he doesn’t mispronounce crepe.  Cl… 
Havent seen all the movies but if this is hiw it ends im interested 
Did it take you long to get used to 1.4 speed? Does it detract from the drama of the story? 
Houston, relax — you are already entered to win. “Tweeting thr… 
&lt;83&gt;((Like i said, short update. Next is a little avalance angst and work place drama)) 
I don’t know a lot of fans, but I need to take a break from movie trailers for to tell you th… 
Not sure but he was awfully critical during the Rotnei Clarke drama after Mike was hired. Tried to find the article… 
Nope.   First off- Civil War’s Zemo doesn’t compare to Lex from BVS.  While the fi… 
Your gifs just make me want to watch ALL the movies. Love that one! 
 yeh log kaha samjtey hai woh sab. All want is holiday gain. Creativity and lallu movies have no connection at all. 
Bonus points this edition- knowing previous profession of a BNL member, naming movies that a song was in. 
I need someone to come see scary movies in theaters with me cause Todd doesnt like them 
Eddie Murphy is literally talented asf Coming to America is one of the best movies out 
I was hoping to see my Haunt Family this weekend #FanXSpring 
Aw man, I love it when audiences get excited. I say screw the opera hou… 
Basically feel as if you’re going to be alone forever? watch Someone Great. Such an amazing movie- by far one of th… 
What are some good shows/movies on Netflix? 
OK. I was wrong. The end of was awful. Talk about ruining a series of movies and then trying to redeem it at the very, very end. 
Oh god. It’s next week already?!? I’ve got some movies to watch 
watching cartoons and Disney Movies #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Beer, snacks &amp; movies with my boys. 
Sitting in my best friends pitch black living room. Lifted my phone and the light reflected from her TV.Looked li… 
Incitement to murder? Oh please, stop being such a drama queen. You intentionally took what she sa… 
They might have won the state championship by more than a few points. Bertier getting hurt… 
OKAY I NEED TO WATCH THIS DRAMA THEN BECAUSE I COULD ALWAYS GO FOR COURT INTRIGUE AND STABBINGS 
What’s that song? Edition, on the way to the movies: #3rdeyeblind, #EJ, 
If you like movies that make you think I suggest the movie Fracture. It's one of the best films that Netflix has at this time. 
60 Free Film Noir Movies via #genre #filmnoir #resources 
*HadThat one will be lucky to keep playing in the league since they took… 
ok so first movie on #TheLastDriveIn tonight is #MadMan I’ve never seen it I was wrong… 
"Anyone who loves their Rocky movies, he (Dave Warner) has the eye of the tiger at the moment. I saw him in Dubai,… 
The Fast and Furious is like the Saints Row of movies.They started out as something grounded and then went total batshit. 
When I look at mythological visuals such as tv shows or movies and they say human beings are a disgrace and filled… 
Hey hey hey.... stop stealing the "drama banner" from BBB, right? I thought we started all the trouble  
Millions of people go to the movies every day.In total, how many people went to the movies? Bill… 
During this cycle of adapting movies as Broadway musicals...I wonder if anyone has considered  Lady by Choice (1934) 
What should I see Twitter? #twitterpoll #whattodo #movies #OpinionPoll #Opinion 
I liked the early seasons, but American tv loves to make drama bc they think we won't stay interested i… 
Bob Saget’s Benjamin Trailer: First Look at Red Box’s First Original Film - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I'm just gonna say it: In the Transformers Bayformers movies, Lennox is definitely not the brightest bulb humanity… 
Sooooo who is writing the screenplay for this fiasco? I can’t decide whether it should be a thriller, a political d… 
All about this month! Today we celebrate Good Friday and my sweets birthday! Help me wish the kind… 
go to a cafe!! or take her to the movies 
Top 10 Best Horror Movies on Amazon Prime #horror: Is Amazon Prime worth it for horror fans? That is the big questi… 
Not debating you, just noting: They must believe they can beat him on health care and taxes etc w/o… 
He's such a drama queen. 
I've been trying to follow the unfolding drama of the Peterson/Zizek spectacle, and the most interesting turn of ev… 
I feel if you watch their real thoughts on movies closely you can tell there are signs of them being… 
#MobileApp Never go down into the basement...alone.Or do, with these scary movies right at your fingertips … 
Watching Iron Man 3 with the fam. I get why some people get frustrated with this movie. There’s a lot going on and… 
My anxiety makes me act like Kristen Stewart as Bella in the Twilight movies and that is so unfortunate. If you hav… 
Yep, it's totally official!!#MortalEngines STILL kicks most all other movies in the Anti-Tractionist's ass!!Thi… 
Christian combined holidays, why is one gone and the other elevated? With more movies for Halloween &amp; all gone for this weekend? You'd 
I will never outgrow animated movies for kids. #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Lifetime movies be crazy asf 
amazing job in #TheUpside  one of my new favorite movies!!!! 
No phones. No tv. No movies unless it was a church movie. No friends. No computer. No homework. No shopping. 
Single life really be hitting me at night time tho  a bitch be bored asl watching movies by myself  
5 Recent Horror Movies That We Hope Will Be The Start Of A Franchise (&amp; 5 We Don't) 
#Movie "Porters: Two Men and a Sex Doll" (2010) 
When Hollywood would set Sherlock Holmes movies in the mid-twentieth cent… 
Also I mentioned movies and here they are as posted in the format of  Choose your fighter: Which would you Choose? 
Watching scary movies alone cause I got nobody 
I've made my peace with it. Lord knows the last thing I want is realistic spy movies - which woul… 
Not gonna lie . . . gonna vote . Winning their 1st State  by a fraction of a second with a PR by their… 
This has been on my top 10 favorite movies of all time. So now I’m seriously excited! 
A friday night of drama when the love is gone!  #LivePD #LivePDNation 
Top 10 Crossover Horror Movie Easter Eggs! | Arrow in the Head 
Y’all ever think about all the people that die in them car crashes in movies? I think about that a lot 
Goldfinger is the mansplainiest of movies. 
Netflix vs. Hulu: Which streaming service is right for you? 
Me too lol. I skipped a couple days of my Endgame Marathon so I have a few movies to catch up on and I… 
but you voted the first time and you didn't have any information you didn't do your due diligence to fin… 
People we don’t deserve: Bang ChanPeople God let us have: Bang ChanHe does so much for us, you all just want drama for no reason 
Don’t expect new Star Wars movies after #EpisodeIX: 
Am I the only one that finds that modern bible films are a poor and laughable attempt at the cinema of the 50's to… 
I want go to the movies 
Spice Girl shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow for a Natural Look or for Extra Drama! #checkitout #eyes #cream… 
The other movies have a lot of suspense before the act… 
Video games, youtubers, movies do not make me go on killing sprees...youtube… 
Apparently I’m a regular SnowWhite 
You've gotta watch this. 
not as scary as the real thing. #movies 
‘The Crown’ Casts Newcomer as Princess Diana - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Bronze Age of Monster Movies: 2005 to 2012 (Incomplete) 
Silver Age of Monster Movies: 1984 to 2004 (Incomplete) 
Copper Age of Monster Movies: 1969 to 1983 (Incomplete) 
Common sense says that’s how it should go but they drug it out for drama..... 
Golden Age of Monster Movies: 1953 to 1968 (Incomplete) 
She may clutch her pearls before that for added drama.....she likes to pretend she is moral. 
Stone Age of Monster Movies: 1900 to 1952 (Incomplete) 
One of my all time favorite actors. Even bad movies get better with Tim Curry in them and honestly… 
I wanna go to the movies and see avengers end game  
As long as the Orange Buffoon is in office nothing will get accomplished but Chaos and Drama over… 
Petra and I stayed up till nearly 5AM last night discussing Disney movies and drinking coffee. Here's what you need… 
There's too much unnecessary drama in this place, I'm ready to return to my habitat  
But seriously, who the fuk are you? Why you causing drama? Who u with? 
Ppl be finding a way to involve me in some sort of drama and that ain’t what I be on at all lol 
Honestly, the best part of movies is making fun of what a shitty actor he is.… 
All the hate that  is receiving isn’t fair, she’s such a beautiful person inside and out and doesn’t… 
NEW Horror Movies Adult Coloring Activity Book Freddy Krueger Evil Dead via 
Roman Polanski Sues to Be Reinstated to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Reinstate Po… 
#FreeXBritney she deserves to be freed from this toxic drama. 
scary movies are my fav of all time. 
They are not property to keep. And a handful of their likes don’t repre… 
1/2: I'm a little disappointed that I didn't begin watching the Marvel movies until just a few years ago. I have wa… 
73? That can’t be right. Also, if you haven’t seen Clue you really need to. #TimCurry #Clue #movies #ForeverYoung 
4 movies a day 
butterflies are just flamboyant mothsdon't fall for their drama 
What happens when  certain people call my phone and I have to wait for it to stop ringing so I can use my phone aga… 
This sux sweet pickles.   Hope to see Colin in the movies?? 
jordan is currently forcing me to watch one of the chucky movies and i am irate. 
i b high as fuck watchin music videos on the tv like they movies  
I hated it when I first got here well it's still not great b… 
Has anyone watched Rectify the 4 season drama on Netflix? It explores the life of a man released from prison after… 
There's going to have to be playoff drama for that to kick off, as a St. Louis sports fan… 
Top 25 Horror Movies with a Twist Ending You Must See! Again! #horror: I appreciate a good horror movie with a twis… 
I'm a sucker for Statham movies 
Sorry to jump in, but I love PCP Radio, Brian! The songs are great and you steer me to even more movies!  
One of the funniest and best movies ever 
Why are you trying to spark drama? 
Heading to the movies? complete your day with some Cold Rock ice cream at Deception Bay open till 10pm Friday and S… 
Feeling cute...I may, idk, order a whole pizza for myself and laugh while I watch teenagers get murdered in some sl… 
Is there any genre of movie that seems to consistently begin happier than horror movies? 
Whatever you say, person who thinks calling someone ‘mom’ is a joke while legit lec… 
Bring the family to Oracle Boulevard in Broadbeach this Easter Sunday and Monday and enjoy free open-air movie scre… 
"My self-image, it still isn't that alright. No matter how famous I am, no matter how many people go to see my movi… 
cell phone screens and not be held accountable for their behavior. I don't want to invite the celebrity madness, dr… 
come true. The key is to never give up and to work your ass off." ~ Johnny Depp "Life is filled with enough drama… 
and I just watched it today and it’s hands down one of the most inspiring movies I’ve ever watched.… 
drama online 
Lets talk old movies more  
My new favorite thing...plug up my headset to my controller and watch movies...why u might ask...cuz it’s like surr… 
I've already met people who play 5x more than I do, but only competitive Halo, or LoL. Which blows my mind… 
All the Arnold movies... 
Fun thread of all the cameos DJT has had in movies and tv shows. It’s amazing how things change when you’re no long… 
Winter Solder is by far one of the best Marvel movies ever released 
It was the first baseball movie I ever watched so I kinda fell in love by default cuz I love movies and I love baseball so 
#news - Disney movies will still come to Netflix after Disney+ launch - - Disney has been p… 
That's my point. No more kids movies in theaters. Ban the movies. 
Why do people scream so much in suburban wanna-be dive bars? The deep smokey cackle is a thing of horror movies. 
I love Shudder movies I use every nights watch horror movies I really like about it keep good jobs on website  
I would have said something there, but I didn't wanna start up drama for no good reason on someone elses page... 
You guys have gone so far off topic - it was in reference to Sports movies 
Hey I enjoyed both movies last week and is totally right about “The Changeling” being one o… 
Anyone know some good movies/shows on netflix 
I miss net movies. 
"Drama On Washington."  New York Central passenger trains roll down a busy Washington Street in Syracuse, New York,… 
Literally says don’t bring you kid if you know they won’t behave that long lol. Superhero movies are fo… 
Lancome hypnose drama all the way if you are spending good money. 
My fav was Title Wave. You could rent movies and buy tapes/CDs. 
Can’t remember the last time I experienced pure, unadulterated joy like that. What an awesome video. Thanks for sharing. 
Two- Only the couple went to the movies 
Simeone on reported Costa drama: "It is an internal issue and we resolve it 
Lazy eyes are much more rare than a fiesty generic blacc WHOA man?  i jest but I will wonder why you like… 
Of course my flight doesn’t get in til noon. 
Me: *mid ramble* there was this thing in...I think it was Age of Ultron...maybe Infinity War...one of the Marvel mo… 
Haha. One of my favorite horror movies. 
Misha can you be a real life high school drama teacher and have a reality TV show follow you a… 
Affe, que drama 
I recommend overlord or some old school movies like any stephen king movies or romeros dawn of the dead 
I’m concerned about an impeachment drama unfolding this close to 2020. If it had debuted last year we… 
Avengers: Endgame is getting closer now, only 4 more sleeps! Book your tickets for our screenings on Wednesday now:… 
Take an unflinching look at the man-made disaster unfolding in the border states in a modern western drama. Watch “… 
The Lions rarely have any drama... enter Danny Amendola. 
Yikes. 
That is an awesome movie. It had depth unlike a lot of those other 80s teen movies. 
Good movies on Netflix? 
First Impression: Dude who tweets about comics and movies and stuffCurrent Impression: Cool dude wh… 
Hey everyone!  Have you seen any of #tylerperry 's movies that featured Madea? I really enjoyed the first few films… 
If movies have taught me anything, it’s that you always have to tap on an instrument gauge in order to make sure it’s working properly. 
drama queen detected 
I don’t initiate most of the time, but if it’s what the patient or family needs, then all for it. If the… 
now accepting applications for someone who wants to watch scary movies with me 24/7 
I’ll find you something. If you can measure your bust it would help. Otherwise I’ll look for somet… 
Inspired many horror movies, RIP 
Whoever it is needs to start watching movies illegally like a normal person 
Where do you find yourself in the drama of Holy Week? #BNGcolumn by Molly T. Marshall 
Sorry guys, i'm a drama Queen. But i was afraid it was gonna stay like that and i'd have to just deal with it. I ap… 
I love all of Tim Curry’s amazing  movies and clearly The Rocky Horror Picture Show is #1 but Home Alone 2 is my se… 
I'm watching Avengers: Infinity War (2018) #trakt 
hairspray is gonna always be one of those movies i’ll never get tired of 
Next unpopular opinion: season 2 is better than any of the past 3 Star Trek movies. 
I was just thinking the same thing. #lifegoals 
16TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
Have you seen this? It's an interesting interpretation of UHF (proudly STILL one of my favorite movies,… 
Wish I could make it, but not flying in until… 
I am the JonTron of creating drama 
Just because he is in one of my Favourite movies, the Red October's Doctor.I loved him in Clue. 
Classic Olsen Twins Movies Are Coming to Hulu 
#TheLastDriveIn is coming soon. If you have on Roku, be there, it's worth it if you like horror movies at… 
its ok,  and its one of my fav. movies....  I lied about it and trick… 
This will be the origin story for some kind of young adult high school drama movie or book soon. 
ari  I don’t care how much shit people say bout u how u nothing but drama (&amp;) you messy (&amp;) more shit , you are non… 
Watched #Aquaman, thought it was amazing and was an amazing actor! I cant stand how Harsh people ar… 
The director is using a tilted camera to represent the speeded-up universe.  It intensifies the drama as the same w… 
Ain’t been to the movies in so long forgot how loud it is in here 
I don't even know why they show kids movies in the theater anymore because every single kid should be banned from going. 
That there movies podcast I do has a new episode covering some stuff from March.Now that I will have free time, I… 
Netflix In Talks To Acquire Hollywood’s Historic Egyptian Theater From American Cinemateque -… 
Vincent Cassel Is a Dad Again! Actor and Wife Tina Kunakey Welcome Daughter Amazonie 
I’m going to make 3 movies this summer on an iPhone one a crime drama, one a horror comedy, and the last music dram… 
Criminally poorly used cast. I didn’t think the movies were all that awful. But a lot of wasted potential. 
New Episode and We're Now On Spotify March wasn't the biggest month, but there were still stand outs like Us an… 
How do I get invited to one of these shin-digs?? 
I hate that there is so much drama between all the Runaways. But, on the bright side, at least it m… 
Best Comedy Movies on Netflix Right Now (April 2019) 
Emi needs your help! 
Review | The excellent ‘Fast Color’ shows women of color with superpowers, literally 
Congratulations!! Huge accomplishment!! 
ABC’s Harrow season 2 returns to a new timeslot in May #HarrowABC #harrow 
Social Butterfly shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama! #buynow #eyes… 
I spend most of my time working and being a mother. I’ve never had time for drama.  
If you are passionate about making your dreams come true, then you should seriously consider writing for the movies. 
Thank you for reminding me I need to get back to that drama!! 
Focus. 
#SignedSealedDelivered  #HigherGround  #HomeAgain  #SSD Movies are AMAZING! The most uplifting, inspiring &amp;… 
Healthcare needs to become a human right, and Americans need FULL DISCLOSURE from politicians about the World Trade… 
Food &amp; movies all night , this rain is a dubb I’m not going outside  
Yeah, the people who are saying "don't bring kids to a kids movie" literally feed the "kiddie marvel m… 
I'm calling this Flash Back Friday ... This is from Rolling Stone, November 12, 2012. It's a great article / interv… 
A comedy/drama about a man who is dealing with the death of his wife. I laughed out loud. I cried em… 
Thank you s… 
No- Cap is handsomer so he is righter- that’s how Disney movies work 
going to the movies is my favorite thing to do 
wishing someone took me on a date to the i love scary movies experience  
If you have a region free player there's a decent German DVD available (full frame though). I reviewed it for my Me… 
Can I just say something? I’ve been a fan of joes for a very long time. He’s the most hardworking person I know of… 
I’m trying to find movies though. I got waaaay to many series going on. 
The funniest bloopers are usually at the end of comedy movies or Jackie Chan flicks... Never a dull moment  You did good Bo!  
I love how everything I've read about Endgame (having seen almost 0 other Marvel movies) is that everyone is so god… 
Thank you to your parents. You are a wonderful man! Love all your movies.  Glad you're on our side  
#Movie "Troublemakers: The Story of Land Art" (2014) 
AG’s JOB ISN’T TO PROTECT THE PRESIDENT - STUPID. EVEN THO I CAN’T STAND I’M SO SICK OF THE… 
So im.... watching this movie called Jurassic Galaxy and....... its already one of the worst movies ive ever seen 
I am a retiredscientist and University Academic with over 100 Published papers. I… 
I just entered contest to win a Fire TV Stick 4K &amp; THREE movies, including "Aquaman," "Green Book," "Sp… 
I need to start going to the movies with someone. I be looking lonely af  but it’s also relaxing 
New tradition called Drunk Disney. We watch Disney movies and follow the drinking rules. This week is Hunchback of… 
Little Chrissy Seaver is all grown up and in an NBC drama. Nice! 
If you’re talking drama get The fuck up out my face. 
funny movies - top stories by 
Pulling the figure out of my arse, 1.9% or 2%...Thereabouts? Should we ask them to focus on real wa… 
It’s tons of marvel movies coming out in-between to ease the pain of waiting tho 
"Someone in the Water has everything: #romance, #mystery, thrills, family drama, &amp; a touch of the #supernatural tha… 
Tonight 5 PM PST The Opperman 
Did you know you can stream free music, movies &amp; audiobooks with with your SLCL card? It's true! Get… 
Kelsey Grammer to star in CHARMING THE HEARTS OF MEN, a drama #filming in Atlanta and Spain in August. Get more det… 
GThai Movie 6: Ghost of Prakanong 
you guys should set up a Letterboxd to log the movies you are showing! Its a great app and im sure at l… 
Check out the large selection of #StarWars items available now from Books, movies, music, toys, and more!… 
I am always sceptical with books being turned into series/movies.While I thing The Summer King ser… 
I just want someone to cuddle and watch movies with ///: 
Nothing really good.....unless you consider dividing up the country by race baiting.… 
One of the BEST movies! Impeccable acting. Tom Hiddleston is riveting. A perfect actor with great ess… 
At some point you and I need to definitively rank those movies. Possibly after we've seen endgame. 
I can barely stay awake for a 30 minute tv show, I be knocked tryna watch 3 movies 
Evil has that effect. It isn’t just something from the movies. Look at Hi… 
No one wants to listen to the drama queen whine about his personal weakness for BULLSHIT 
#TheQueenMzansi Brutus looks ready to strike venom on top of Tiro,Schumacher wings are about to spread, Nomore dram… 
Sometimes I really just want to cuddle on the couch with the Godly guy I pray to Jesus about, watch Disney movies o… 
*whispers* it’s about sports movies 
PODCASTS: All of Friday's show in link below!- #Vikings talk w/ #Twins talk w/ Kevin Ha… 
middle aged women who work in retail vs not being HUGE bitches and making drama with teenagers  
  Stop Paying High #Movie #Download Fees    News-Entertainment .org     Pay ONCE for #High #Def UNLIMITED #Movies 
And again, we didn't see it at the semi-grindhouse theater that was cheap and mostly Cannon movies a… 
Proud of CT Theater kids for their performance of the scene “Drama &amp; Rumor” from our spring production of Box, dire… 
A Poetry Lover's Guide to Re-Watching "Felicity": This '90s classic is packed with both college drama and classic v… 
Dear Netflix, please never take away the Disney movies and please please pleaseeee add more . 
A thousand times “fuck yes” to this. I’m as white as a lifetime supply of Blimpie bread, and if I’m off… 
I love both of these movies 
#WeShouldWelcomeBack drive in movies! 
THEIR LOVE IS SO REAL!!!  is now playing. Get tickets here: #MakeItICONIC 
 on Drama B - Pray 2 Gawd (Prod. TrapKingz) 
Democrats stay united please, we don't need inhouse drama 
I should go to the movies. I’m bored. 
Ok I don’t even know the drama but I like to see Javi holding him back. Like a lot 
I know the feeling. I have a 512gb flash drive I use ( photos, movies,gifs, books, FAN… 
Anytime my friend.But there are conditions for dreams.They mean nothing if you eat spicy things, or watch scary movies. 
Watching movies and having snacks it's such a wonderful pass time a very chilled out Friday indeed. 
Milk drama 
I enjoyed the hilarious cheese-fest of fifty shades darker. Over-acted movies are my jam. 
At least I’m using facts rather than ignoring them.  Prior to the 2016 e… 
‘Little Woods’ Review: Life Is Thicker Than Blood 
#GameofThrones will go down in history as one of the best series of all time, and the impending end is making us al… 
Do u love to watch movies? And what kind of movies? — yeah i do, im good with anything wag lang talaga horror 
Netflix I have a new invention and a great and more effective will increase the partic… 
My baby brother is going to the movies on a date, so guess who is going to the same movie  
I actually disagree that’s insane to me. Do you think manning wouldn’t of succeeded if he had the drama… 
Yeah no.  You look like a rooster. Im going to go cook dessert for my beautiful family.… 
I started the drama that led to that. I was also petty and rude towards your partner as well.I thank Devian and R… 
Internet. I need you to solve a debate for me. If you had to replace DiNero in all of his movies. Would you rather… 
cool designs. Plus they collab with A24 who makes some of my fav horror movies. 
Estou assistindo Never Look Away (2018) #trakt 
The Terrifying Real Story Behind the New Horror Movie 'The Curse of La Llorona'. 
Bridgette is going to be a mom I hope she can stop being involved in damn drama. 
It is a shame how A24 handled the release of Under the Silver Lake, Starring Andrew Garfield and Riley Keough… 
'Shazam!' Actress Michelle Borth Signs 5-Movie Deal With Warner Brothers #Movies #TV 
If Trump isn't a witless asset of Russian influence then no one ever has been. I really wish that peop… 
real b*tch, I don’t be with all that drama. 
Don’t want ya drama 
where's Matt's vest. If the… 
Netflix I have a new invention and a great and more effective will increase the participati… 
I liked him in Uncle too! Lol! You fall asleep during… 
Nah, it's not like we currently have two code injection platforms because of said developer burnout and drama. 
I actually dont know why its so popular. tbh i just found the movie neat because im a sucker for LEGO… 
I wish movies had theme songs like they did in the 80s, nothing beats Ghostbusters and Beverly Hills Cop 
"Robin Hood" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I love movies or tv show episodes that take place inside the body 
I realize that's a minority opinion, though. In both comics and movies I j… 
Scary movies don’t ever freak me out except devil/possession ones. Maybe because I saw the Omen and the E… 
I liked it but I think a lot of people won’t. I think what hurts it most is the trailer which sets you up for somet… 
A superb performance from Tessa Thompson anchors the hardscrabble drama of Little Woods 
Road to perdition was trash. Goodfellas is top ten movies ever made. 
Still on that cut and planning to slam some popcorn at the movies tonight; so I got in just under 8 miles of cardio… 
I know I’m late to the party, but I’m watching the Guardians of the Galaxy movies for the first time and I think th… 
Awesome collection of my home movies 
Fair enough. 
This entire twitter drama is really selling me on the whole "laymen don't have even have madhabs lmao, the… 
Are we all forgetting the Baz Luhrmann stuff? THINK ABOUT IT. These are his top three movies he’s made. The boys ar… 
Love love LOVE these. Thank you, for tackling these movies head on, as opposed to the blind love… 
Holy what movies are those... 
Not a fan of the Christian based movies. But again... love her! 
Alien Ant Farm - Movies via 
They took the "hell is repetition" line from storm of the century and made several movies on the premises 
channel awesome have not been a good company usually like to bring drama and there fake new's 
i need somebody to watch horror movies with. all of my friends refuse 
No just going to avoid i don't want drama 
Sad movies: I laughScary movies: I end up crying from laughterI can never watch a movie normally 
i don’t dwell in drama but i do speak up when needed &amp; handle what needs to be handled. 
It's the worst possible way to be in a frontier area, or anywhere else that requires cooperatio… 
Every startup entrepreneur can relate to in this story! Founders and filmmakers have a lot in comm… 
Yes you do. Insanely good movies. 
I don't usually rewatch a ton of MCU movies, but CM is gonna be way up there for me next to Winter Soldier and Aven… 
R.I.P Lorraine Warren. You will be missed and thank you for inspiring James Wan to make all those great moviesThe… 
Im big fan ..well i need ur help if u can im student in University ok kwazulu natal doing drama  i wa… 
Actually feeling happy today!! Besides all the drama going on hehe!! 
I Wanna Talk To Will Ask Him How The Fuck Does He Translate On All Levels, Son LIT From Music To Movies, To IG &amp; Al… 
This that rainy weather u jus sit n the crib n jus sip n smoke n jus lay up n watch movies.. 
I enjoy The Conjuring movies themselves, but everything else has been lacking. I hear good things about A… 
Winter soldier number 1! Haha it’s for sure top 5 in most. I wish I liked black Panther more :/ I’m 16/21… 
On April 24, opens Logan Black's one-man play 'Bond: A Soldier and His Dog,' which chronicles (with… 
Movies &amp; TV Shows / Documentaries Starring People with Disabilities  via 
Watching movies with kids is the best experience because they shout at Thor to "look out… 
Hy mem..im luyanda im student in University of kwazulu natal.doing drama But i wann start as being extra… 
VERY ATTRACTIVE 2 PIECE VICTORIAN COSTUME SIZE 16/18 #Drama £125.00 #costumepiece #costumevictorian #piececostume 
I am down for that! Could we start with the original, twilight and then work through the next 4 movies in the Potter saga? 
Just say no too drama 
Of course not. But the movies built up Rey’s parents to be someone special, and then left that behind. 
What a drama queen! 
I streamed movies on Chromecast today by using #MicrosoftEdge Dev. It's awesome! Bye bye Chrome. 
Avengers Movies - Runtime:• The Avengers - 2:22:54 • Avengers: Age of Ultron - 2:21:18• Avengers: Infinity War -… 
((After seeing what just happened and going through their tweets they're muted for me bc I don't need that drama in my life.)) 
I worked at a small one called Showtime Video but it closed down when the Bl… 
I have streamed my movies today on Chromecast through #MicrosoftEdgeDev. Bye Chrome. 
With no drama, I hope..  
I’m at the movies and this smol child had the burning desire to communicate with me and it was the cutest thing eve… 
Oh drama 
Why? Don’t go to the movies till End Game out bro 
Best Horror Movies on Netflix Right Now (April 2019) 
Best Action Movies on Netflix Right Now (April 2019) 
My sister: so there’s no drama in your relationship and sometimes that’s perfectMe: well yes, I mean he hasn’t tri… 
I should follow I got the low down on what new movies coming out 
Are movies contagious? 
I'm watching Now You See Me (2013) #trakt 
It annoys me when underrated artists get the recognition they deserve only for people to go and make up stupid fuck… 
#Movie "The Final Alliance" (1990) 
I love how Glenn acts like he got the dog for Lauren that’s your puppy man!!! 
Hy mem need help im student in drama at Ukzn  i wish to show anyone my talent whos willing to help m… 
I post a lot about movies, which I love to write about and discuss. However, my full time job is marketing, which i… 
Sunny Hostin Will Host ‘The Whole Truth’ on Investigation Discovery (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Drama...unfollow... simples assim 
Lot of well curated movies and series. They get very frequent updates, only great quality 720 and 1080p st… 
I'm on Twitter for mental health and supporting others. I DO NOT support  trolls or people who find enjoyment in ot… 
For when I have something to say to you, that all may not wish to hear. Same site as before, email=the 2 movies spo… 
Check out our co-founder on the new podcast talking about #AvengersEndgame… 
My job: VFX / Post Production sysadmin for a large multinational creative org. Every day is a new Ad… 
Hallmark movies gave me unrealistic expectations for relationships. 
I'm watching Iron Man (2008) #trakt 
I hardly see that from Marvel movies. 
Jon Snow enjoying Life with his Wildling babe...(because dat Drama Dragon Queen wahala is too damn much....plus sa… 
Jio TV Launches 4 New Exclusive HD Channels With Movies in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu 
Lol dude one of my favorite movies of all time! Nice choice 
WEBSITE #IARTG #MEMOIR… 
Drive in movies need to make a return 
Love pinterest, love music, u love to travel, u love old classic movies , and u always know how to style a fire ass fit 
He says it is a sport fo… 
bruno luka movies e tom holland same energy 
Wikidrama wants your money. Now you know why Assange stayed in that embassy for so long. Why they encour… 
 “What-ifs that would change the course of sports movies forever”What if Rudy wasn't such a 
Hear special guest Gillman of reminisce on "Video Rental Store Nostalgia and the VH… 
That’s what I do! I also review games, movies and MORE on the YouTube channel if you have a sec 
 . I know this to be true. This with your great ability to quote movies with me is why I like you  
I'm watching Suspiria (2018) #trakt 
I’m for keeping Depp in Fantastic Beasts/Pirates &amp; Heard in Aquaman. Don’t care about their toxic relat… 
I either love his movies or hate them. When I find out he was doing the reboot of Dumbo, I kinda cring… 
Learn about the "Conjuring Universe"  
Happy Birthday to a Legend! Tim Curry is 73! He's brought life to some of my favorite characters and movies!… 
Yeah, I don't want to interrupt your kid's movie.PSA: If you don't want to hear kids, go to the mo… 
We didn’t announce when we found out this time because of how hard it was last year when w… 
Yo. My moms is telling me about all of the horror movies my grandma took her to see when she was a child (the exorc… 
What if Rocky had slipped on the ice and broken a hip during his first date with Adrian? Would there… 
These Queens need to "Grow Up, Suck It Up, and Pull The Tuck Up!" Also the title of my new self help book, availabl… 
Zac Efron Reportedly Being Eyed For Adam Warlock In Guardians Vol. 3 
So exciting to have you doing this show...getting money together to see it. You and Deb are such g… 
It’s still better than the current movies we got by a long shot. And the gate keeping is cool too 
21 eo kore le Texas eo nele for drama because wow 22 e worse  
Despicable yes, but it's not just their fault. Nobody want… 
#read: "The Buddhist Within: The art of Buddhism for everyday..." #NonFiction #drama 
Yo i want soft malec like cuddling on the sofa watching movies and sharing cute lil kisses tf 
Pitch Perfect Stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin Split After 2 Years of Marriage 
"A date with lizzie? I have a better chance of getting a kiss from penelope then MG scoring a date… 
Big thanks to MoviePass who donated $256.4 million of rich investors' money so that regular Joes like you and me co… 
Our youthful partners from • • • • •#FBF From our recent Drama Workshop w… 
At one time to watch petty back biting and drama you would turn on As the world turns or any other soap. Now its Po… 
The plot thickens...  But it was a plot and that's what makes it all so bizarre. The things we've seen only in m… 
It's gotta be an amazing year of movies if I see anything that knocks Jordan Peele's "Us" from my Number One spot for 2019 
Please can you stop boring us to death with that hoax - thanks. Why don’t you talk more about the 13 dead… 
Love Clint Eastwood movies 
Lmaooo movies be expensive 
And that’s what I think the Dem *politicians* are getting wrong.The ppl in DC are latchin… 
Oh, shit. I just cracked 800 followers. Thank you for taking the time to hit that follow button. I... hmm. Well, he… 
have been a fan since Profiles, just wanted to thank you for your love of movies and the infectious joy… 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrown Supernatural/Fantasy teen dramas. Whether it's in books, TV, or movies, I get hopelessly addicted. 
WHEN THEY SEE US Trailer (2019) Teen Drama, Netflix Series (SEAL) 
Hopefully both movies will be just as good as the other! 
Just because he had a plan for 5 films, doesn’t mean it’s right. It’s just my opinion a… 
I love drama 
Think about all the possibilities, negative and positive. I'm here for the drama but you seem to be d… 
It's all for views no real family puts their drama or problems al… 
Because people are in no way tired of the trump drama between people like you. 
Don’t forget that tomorrow night at 9pm Eastern we’ll be live tweeting LITTLE WOMEN with Historians At The Movies!… 
Sbahle from isiBaya can play the part of uHlomu in the Zulu Brothers movies , as we wait for the movie lol 
"Movie Review: #DaddyIssues is My Favorite Movie of 2019 So Far" #AmaraCash #Movies #2019 
I’d be so pissed and upset. And if you think I’d continue watching Marvel movies, you’re right 
Analysts Now Predicting An Unprecedented Opening Weekend For #AvengersEndgame - 
Even in 2009, Nick still did the "spam a new show to death" method. Naked Brothers Band still exist, and Nick Jr bl… 
ARTS &amp; CULTURE: #jordanpeele films are about 'Us.' 
So much drama already so we’re getting shit housed at a pizzeria until people grow up and be an adult 
I was quiet to BEGIN with... They forced me to have a problem out of thin air. That's a scheme that came from those… 
Already seen Shazam and captain marvel, they are both good movies. Going to see hellboy tonight myself. 
Took my babies to the Movies Avie didn’t make it lol fabulously.aria 
Can't wait for the movies that I want to see to come out on 's 
Always makes me giggle when people take to twitter to prove to us all how wonderful &amp; perfect &amp; drama free their li… 
They are hurting themselves,  we no longer buy thier music,  TV, Or Movies,  we don't need them. 
Awe baby!!!! I just saw this!!!!! Thank you sweetie! You never get to old for momma drama.....I’m trying to rise above it.  
To be honest, I would say that I only use this phrase (but with flipping) because I've heard it in Ameri… 
I loved "Little Woods" when I saw it at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November &amp; put it on one of my… 
Ranking Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, from worst to first ahead of 'Avengers: Endgame' 
Ronin's got skills! 
So, the Star Wars movies, Sing, Lion King and a lot of action movies. 
Rejoice, Godzilla fans! Toho looks like they’ll be extending Legendarys Godzilla license, for more movies past 2020… 
These Classic Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Movies Are Heading to Hulu 
The Curse of La Llorona is one of those strange kind of R-rated horror films. The kind that aren’t scary. Listen to… 
Missing Link is the latest from Laika Studios, creators of Coraline, ParaNorman, The Boxtrolls, and Kubo and the Tw… 
SHAZAM!The #DCEU scores again with a family friendly, fun superhero tale from H… 
Hear &amp; me nerd out over the teaser trailer for Star Wars Episode Nine: The Rise of Skywalker, plus… 
Deal alert: MCU movie sale! A bunch of titles on sale for $10 apiece from Amazon, Apple, Google, and Vudu. Might ju… 
My favorite book and one of my favorite movies. 
Song of the South is easily top 5 best Disney movies of all time. 
I love this movie! Those two, Lisa &amp; Sheetal, make great movi… 
Movies &amp; micro transactions 
I think it's time for a peewees big adventure #reboot #movies 
my niece asked me to read from my Turgenev book and now she has chosen a period drama to watch... my influence  
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                        
You think he got in trouble for the Binnington drama? 
Im watching all the marvel movies on Netflix with Dom this weekend lol 
All this dramadivorce for who? For what?neveeer! 
All my life I heard..the Russians are coming!  I have watched old black and white movies all about… 
At this point. I need a detailed list of what movies and shows you like and why you like them sis. Lol 
Save the drama for your momma.... 
Trump and Obama are on trump winning its easy to see. It's a scam its been proven trump creates th… 
The reason I joined this was to be able to show my love and support for you and your choir… 
other day I was at the movies high af and started panicking because I thought my recliner ch… 
Democrats love drama that leads to nowhere. Senator Warren is looking for twitter likes. Why are democrats so afraid to face Trump in 2020?. 
I’ve seen it done in the movies... 
Watched Kalank today. LOVED it! It checked all the boxes for me. Love, drama, angst, gorgeous sets and costumes and… 
This is, and I mean what I am about to say sincerely, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This will be a revi… 
I just saw you on Science Goes to the Movies and it made me cry because effective healthcare is not so… 
Very similar experience for me with Apparently seeing 1-2 movies a week on an unlimite… 
MAJOR (SEAL)Horror film fans are paying tribute to paranormal investigator Lorraine Warren, whose work inspired… 
I don’t entertain drama so don’t come at me with it please 
All this new movies coming out  a movie watching partner  
Can’t say enough about he Cobbler Drama Department! Thanks for the gift! I love it!! 
Just more drama from OAC. Go away please 
A historical yawner, "Peterloo" is way too long for the story it tells of the tragic 1819 Peterloo Massacre. My rev… 
I got "Kai"!What Should Your Name Actually Be Based On The Disney Movies You Choose To Watch?… 
‘Overwatch’ Archives Event Storm Rising Coming This Month - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
17/18 Peru's economy continu… 
My mom &amp; I used to watch this every year. That and Beetlejuice, Mars Attacks, Starship Troopers and The Little Shop… 
fr my mom went to get food i just pulled out hella movies  i know im not doing nothing 
I'd like to see them in the UK too. #HallmarkMoviesNow are fantastic. We… 
Sometimes the really crappy movies end up on your fave list. I can almost guarantee this is not one of those movies  
It's been raining all day... I have done nothing but watch tv/movies... I need to motivate myself to get up. 
It is all drama. #Trump2020 
A historical yawner, "Peterloo" is beautiful to look at but is way too long for the story it tells of the tragic 18… 
Who I there right mind watches a over 3 hour long superhero movie? The last movie I watched… 
I miss the days when music videos were short movies 
Panel 6 Joonas Suotamo who is currently playing Chewbacca in last 4 movies #StarWars #fanx19 #slcfanx 
What movies used to be about, great family entertainment! 
This movies  is the best  wow i really… 
Just watch the high drama of a local weather station and it all becomes comedy. 
Please do not ship this relationship. The moment the writers see the fans supporting a relationship, t… 
If you don’t have a church that you call home and are thinking about going somewhere for Easter, I would love to se… 
The plot holes in MCU movies that are only plot holes because of prior information provided in the te… 
Drama Queen  
Been trying not to see any episode 9 footage so I can go in blind. The rest of the year is gonna be hel… 
Just finish rewatching all the Marvel movies. I’m so ready for Avengers: Endgame next week  
I never watch horror movies at night but I did it for date night and we decided to watch “US”  Ster Ki… 
#Movie "DumbAs" (2014) 
What movies are on the agenda? :o 
Girls Trip has to be one of my favorite movies  
She had her choice when she decided to have sex and take the ch… 
Media outlets love drama  
2. I get very easily overwhelmed by sound. Music can make my heart swell a la the Grinch 2019. It can also really s… 
I have a strict interpretation of the MCU:If it pre dates Iron Man 1? Not MCU cannon.If it was not directly cont… 
I'm in this article, along with talking about depictions of faith in movies. My bit got kind of heret… 
Sadomasochism clips and longtime movies 
Did you catch this? 
Two movies of that I saw for the first time, and must say she is my new (and only) crush now! What… 
I agree. I have just been dealing with my phone and the American app and working it… 
Why not? Hollywood is full of pedophiles, rapists, and abusers. One more like #RomanPolanski will not make it worse. 
If you're a meat-eater and you like horror movies, you should just watch the way your own food is produced!… 
Wanted to book on Monday and the 25th was already fully bookedBy the way guys, NuMetro has movies for R39 til en… 
They FUNNY  To EXONERATE DTRUMP he had to COMMIT A CRIME NERVE water ANYTHING DOWN just because s… 
Kinda looks like Andy Cohen. Or that dude from the Sandler movies. 
Lemme pray and go watch my movies 
Chad Stahelski and David Leitch both have amazing-looking action films coming out this summer, which is cause to ce… 
Hellboy on Good Friday!Godsmack w/ Volbeat on Saturday!A great meal followed by Zombie Movies on Easter Sunday… 
Happy 73rd Birthday to Tim Curry a.k.a. The Supreme Master of the Rogue's Gallery by myself cause of how well he di… 
Shipping drama, hating said character for "existing" and lots of stuff.Rather keeping things to myself. 
Remember this moment i 13 years when he majes you drop him off a block from school because your SOOOO… 
I forgot to ever publish this essay until I was ranting about people ranting about movies. So, here is me being hypocritical. ENJOY! 
Just met and had our picture taken with Joonas Suotamo who plays #Chewbacca in the new #StarWars movies. He was so… 
Man, favorite series when I was younger, reading those books. The movies let me down. 
"Why aren't you you sleeping?""Why aren't you?" "I'm watching my movies""What are you watching? ""Spiderman""… 
Oh, geez...and Collins is shocked!  What a drama queen! 
They clearly don't care, they just wanna be included in the drama 
out of all this Danielle Cohn drama there was just one part that pissed me off. Her boyfriend said in one of those… 
If my dreams (literally the ones I have as I sleep) were even marginally more realistic, they'd make fascinating movies/novels. #weirddreams 
I did that dumb thing where I watch scary movies alone in my office UNTIL the lights go out because I’ve been here long enough. 
All These Upcoming Comic Movies in 2019 got me in my Happy Bag 
It's one of the greatest movies eveeeerrr! 
She was a fool to fall in love so hastily and vowed to never trust again. #romance #insanity #drama via 
Though he's known for his role in Star Trek, Wang said Star Wars was his first fandom. "I just fell in love with it… 
So much drama  
what about any of the Rocky movies 
The first time you pull my name into drama is the last time because you’ll be dead to me and not like Jesus at East… 
“Weak consequences” right only the consequences of the 5… 
For no reason:What is your preferred term for a set of four books or movies? 
Wasn't expecting to show up in a video. Couple games in there from when he invited me to play Top Do… 
Having a dude get pissed at me bc I dared say excuse me when he and his family were blocking the concession line at… 
Just got a call inviting me to the streets but andizi shame  I've got my booze, snacks and movies here at home I'm… 
lmaooo bae taking me to Yamato’s and the movies I guess he tryna be nice after all this arguing we been doing for about a month  
What you mean is the “struggles” we have already seen in the 5 othe… 
Most deserving after the underwhelming first two movies and the most epic third! 
Well u prob need a top 3 per genreComedy, Action, Horror, and Drama Idk maybe 5 in horror bc the… 
Man timeline is legit full-throttle drama mode now 
Like I am not a fan of children being in rated R movies but of all the ones you bring them to it's #LaLlorona   
I loved this movie!! Also I Can't Think Straight. I know you'… 
There's just going to be three of us so it's not going to be a high-stress day. I'm going to whip… 
Triple threat?? That movie that feelslike you're just watching different set of people acting their separate movies together 
A lot of what used to get me in scary movies just doesn’t do it anymore.Oh you’re gonna crawl on the walls and do… 
C… 
RPS Drama to host their 2nd annual district-wide production » RHS ECHO: Online student news via 
did I miss the part where Trump is so desperate for me to love him that he buys me toys + takes me out for fast foo… 
So i went to the movies to see after and im ngl it was pretty good the second time around and im actually excited for the second movie 
Brad Brach lives for drama, apparently. 
If cutting family off because they’re toxic for me makes me a bad person, then so be it. Lol im not gonna put up wi… 
It was one of them  but I’ve watched a few movies on Netflix 
yes I am eating my heart out in tbell and watching cheesy Netflix movies all night. pls don’t bother  
Well when he said actors I figured he meant films . Not the stand ups, like just the movi… 
Marvel Star Confirms He Won't Be In #AvengersEndgame - 
No. Because I think the same thing about movies. 
The movies Trap and How High 2 look like they were filmed together in the same 
Middle School Drama Workshop fun on Monday, 4/15! 
I don’t think alcohol is solely to blame. Those movies are too long. 
Why listen to movies, music, and games on one audio setting if you could use three!?!  Watch to find out how to… 
Probably Rob Zombie's Halloween movies 
I'm so glad I'm not the only adult afflicted with this. I'm going to see Marvel and Star Wars movies… 
The movies would have been nice  
Happy birthday and thanks for all the fucking awesome movies. 
"They are a drama-free bunch. All they want to do is shoot, be safe, have fun. They are probably the nicest people… 
Too many pending movies in netflix. Ugh Schedule sucks!! 
Not really mushy, but some romance you might find interesting:In Time (watch this one first)Origina… 
They don't care. As long as they have the job they want, don't live around brown people, and have real… 
I’m not gunna name anyone, I hate drama, but fwiw Q and I are cool. He actually cited me really well… 
Besides Hollywood movies and tobacco companies ads trying to make smoking look cool when was it ever? 
As we roll with this full moon continue to speak up in spite of the conflict around us. We may feel that there's ta… 
movies &amp; wings type of night  
Nice job on the new drama alert appreciate the work you do for us keep up the good work 
Watch season movies are stupid 
thanks for the free tickets for next week. Even if the movie will probably be stupid (seth rogan movies usu… 
Not bad. Corny like a Stephen King novel lol I've never watched the original... Fuckin little kids… 
We played a game… 
It’s one of my fave comedy movies. These guys are hysterical and I can’t wait to LMAO tonight! 
Wait I KNOW my bus driver not over here watching African movies rn 
Check out Kiss Me Again 
Corey, No matter what anyone ever says to you, they can never take away your accomplishments! And yo… 
I’ve literally sat here and watched all the jaws movies from 1-3 lol 
I be wanting to go to the movies but never have nobody to slide with 
"Pitch Perfect" Stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin Split After 2 Years of Marriage 
One of the reasons I have loved the MCU is that it more often than not highlights its characters making smaller mor… 
KKKKKK drama king 
First of all, most of her wins are because of wes. Secondly, she brought nothing to the… 
The Gifted Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming. #thegifted #fox #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks… 
Mitt we know about you little movies... #NoOneGetsAPass #WWG1WGA 
Trolls not allowed to read books or watch top grossing movies?Very strange ineed.… 
I'm less than ten minutes into it honestly but it's one of my favorite movies so I expect to still laugh my ass off. 
i’m really just looking for someone (girl) that will hang out with me and will have sleepovers and we can gossip an… 
So? I grew up watching movies on cassette ?  
We all have seen at least one Disney movie, but did you know in practically every film there is a hidden secret? 
Reminds me of one of the Fast and Furious movies. 
I rock these; amazing for phones / tablets/ work and home computer. If flying with signific… 
There is nothing more dramatic than a real world drama which POTUS Trump is the leading actor. He… 
When I met with Mel Gibson, it was obvious, this is a man who knows how to have fun!. Watching him find humor and l… 
I can’t answer this question without naming less than 5 movies... so I’ll just say John Williams 
Drama, gossip, beef. Don’t involve me.I’m tryna make a mil and disappear. 
I watch most of the #scifi movies and TV there isn't enough of it. Hero stuff is my… 
Mad Max 3 was in the $6.99 bin at Best Buy, so I bought it, now I have all four movies. Yaaay. #MadMax… 
It's only April, but = best of 2019 so far. Claire Denis' direction is assured &amp; she asks for consta… 
Check out Crash DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Check Out The $275,000 Avengers-Themed Car Robert Downey Jr. Bought Chris Evans - 
Things people say about Sonic the Hedgehog, or things people say about specific movies/tv shows. I thin… 
Hey I know you’re going back to work...  but we’d love to have a super charger station 
There should be a support WhatsApp group for people who survive leaving the family groups, because there comes the… 
Drama is another word for foreplay. 
I think part of what made the original Avengers movie so good is that Hawkeye aside, each character's introduction… 
How old are you? "DON'T"... don't.  ?Drama queen. I'm I supposed to be struck by awe? I don't speak… 
it's not drama, it's the truth 
Opened YouTube and #JourneyofFlower popped up. Such a great series by  #zhaoliying and #wallacehuo This was one of… 
Discovery and Science Channel Aim to Investigate Historical Legends in ‘Uncharted’ (Exclusive) -… 
oh wow, big family! It was just me + my mom (dad died while she was pregnant with me) so we went to mov… 
Ed and Lorraine Warren were some of the original investigators that inspired the movies lol. 
Little kids in anything but kid movie is a no-no. Babies at midnight shows? Hell no. I rarely go to movies anymore. 
Also Itsuno being inspired by TV shows and movies he watched as a kid seems fairly obvious 
Happy Easter A long-eared friend of ours has left something for the kids seeing the following movies this morni… 
Seriously?! Does Disney really fear these movies hurting Disney plus? I actually wanted to be able to see some of these on there. 
School children will continue behaving like this until we bring God and His Bible back into schools and h… 
YOU, yourself stated that the Mueller report completely exonerates you.  So let peop… 
Hmm there are a few. Deer hunter, apocolypse now, all of tim burton's movies, made in heaven , the go… 
School children will continue behaving like this until we bring God and His Bible back into schools and homes! Tele… 
movies #GalaxyS10 
wonder what kids today would think of John Waters movies since their mainstream netflix shows are full of queer ppl… 
movies 
Great movies featured this month. Declassify Game over. No deals.  
To think a simple "okay" could have avoided all this drama!    
Fast and the Furious started from a magazine article about the diverse car loving culture of LA, with Blacks, White… 
#Movie "Drip" (2005) 
me:i don't like dramaalso me when drama happens: 
Not to mention I know some children that are more well behaved at movies than adults. 
I've seen movies you talked about. You want mystery happy ending 
Episode 1:The DC Comics Extended Universe (DCEU), and if you’re a fan of these movies let us apologize in advance.… 
For some reason I have a fond memory of watching Thir13en Ghosts. I don’t even remember that movie, bu… 
Stephanie Pratt: My Parents Might Have Disowned Me Amid Spencer Drama - 
Lorraine Warren, Subject Of 'The Conjuring' Films And Real Life Ghostbuster, Dies Author: Jon HueberClick to here… 
Love New Adult genre. It's the perfect mix of doubt and capability that makes characters… 
Entertainment: Reviews of Music, Movies, Musicals &amp; More #records #cassettes #movies 
As high functioning horror fan on the spectrum, my thoughts mirror these replies.As a teenager, 
Actually havent seen any of his old stuff. I may have been born ear… 
His character was extremely annoying in both movies but kudos for being so brave in dive into the water of the klongs... 
John Wick: Chapter 3 — Parabellum — Here’s everything we know so far 
I'm so craving for a good Haseena Moin style drama please koi likh de!!!!!!!!! Haseena Apa kahan hain aap????? #PakistaniDrama 
The way I hate drama, arguments, fights,being misunderstood. I honestly love being at peace. 
my mom was a lonely widow + took me to a ton of movies so she wouldn't have to go alone. I could sit th… 
Though Patty Jenkins was behind one of the biggest hit movies of 2017 with "Wonder Woman," and instantly became a r… 
My boyfriend had never seen anything. The Harry Potter movies, Mean Girls (before I met him), most Disney movies, m… 
It’s not that hard to understand that ALL FILM IS SUBJECTIVE! Let’s not tear each other down over some opinions on movies. 
Play fifaWatch series/movies 
Did Luke die a virgin? 
GThai Movie 5: Period 
Check out Rap and Hip Hop Music Videos with Million Views on YouTube.The Best Rap Beats.Rap… 
Movies with campfire scenes always seem to forget to make the smoke annoyingly blow into the characters’ faces no matter where they move. 
5/ A successful drama happens around some larger theme. And because of that large theme and the story, characters e… 
4/ #epiphany happened. I realised where #tnks lacked. And where #book2 was gonna lack. There is no large backdrop… 
Step Up 2 used to be one of my fav movies when I was younger but now watching back the amount of culture appropriat… 
= Drama Queen  
Real-life ghostbuster Lorraine Warren who inspired The Amityville Horror and The Conjuring movies dies at the age o… 
Is Sinister Director Scott Derrickson Making A New #Hellraiser? - 
Those Jason Bourne movies  
It's been a long time since I've seen that. John Wayne I watch a bu… 
Anyone else, just wanna go home and curl up on the couch and watch movies and eat a box of cereal? 
Why do you think producers go to lengths of creating such awesome sound technologies only for… 
The ‘who is the real Satoshi Nakamoto’ drama in the world of cryptocurrencies has been ongoing ever since the name… 
#AvengersEndgame Star Robert Downey Jr. Shares Sweet Throwback Photo With Tom Holland - 
There’s so much evil shit that goes on in the world everyday, unchecked. So much. Sometimes the shit younsee in mov… 
Expert on Drama Queens. 
I wish I was in law school right now. It’s a fascinating time to study law. Although I feel like I’m watching a leg… 
Birthday Suit shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama! #buynow #eyes… 
If you’re looking for something to binge this holiday weekend, may we suggest our ten episode crime drama on… 
Wonho!! It be fun to excessive, play around and cook after it to later watch some movies or joke around… 
Batman movies are rated PG for parental guidance... that’s fucked up. 
Does it matter!  I just  the drama 
i swear i dont love the drama IT LOVES ME 
True story: The other day I stopped at a Flying J to peruse through the $5 Bargain Bin Gas Station Horror Movies, i… 
Join me next Friday, April 26 for a panel discussion about #Western #movies at the New Mexico Press Women's confere… 
The absolute worst was when I was finishing up a piece for my drama writing class, &amp; it was about  430… 
No way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Okay, we're gonna watch all those scary movies about her!!!!!! 
My Favorite Movie Plot Twists! #publishing #amwriting #amreading #YA #yalit #author #writer #reading #books #read… 
Check out The Breakup DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Girl, you outta be in movies! 
Sorry for anyone whose movie I've reviewed for Evidently, thinks they don't count. 
in elementary school for my friends and i having drama, and then in high school for weed lmao cap sun… 
Nominations for Jester Awards were released yesterday! Congrats to NHS Drama for the following nominations for our… 
Lucy Hale &amp; Lucas Till to star in Spike Lee-produced Civil Rights drama SON OF THE SOUTH; Lex Scott Davis, Julia Or… 
The drama had been a lil dry this week but u managed to make a great #DramaAlert video as always. 
Watch movies. 
my homie made me because he wanted to run in the DraMa 10s. 
Drama is a staple of our diet here 
I need to comment on this last battle on the episode... LOLI think I can say without a doubt that it was the great… 
We are happy to support Midnight Movies ! 
Passover Movies, TV Episodes 2019: 7 Specials To Stream On Netflix, Hulu 
Since he has good history with Stanton and came up with Stanton there’s very little chance of drama in clu… 
Jio TV Launches 4 New Exclusive HD Channels With Movies in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu 
A Romantic Drama for fans of “The Fault in Our Stars”Be inspired. Fall in 
“Holidays can be hard and wonderful and stressful and drama-filled and the list goes on. Who you are does not chang… 
If you like true horror movies, go watch Dominion on YouTube. #lifechanging #Govegan #vegan #plantbased #govegannow #veg 
BoxOfficeCHN-AamirKhan completed his promise to make China-India Film, Now he well be part of Production team of Ch… 
I wanna go to the movies or the zoo or somethinggg 
Rain and movies in bed. Go shota warm chest feela  
Lorraine you were so badass in the conjuring movies RIP. 
Plain &amp; simple.Go watch our movies. 
She was being wasted in those shitty Thor movies 
 such drama  but why would u be shouting? I won like be humble 
If movies were all bout reality who could be on earth as we're talking now 
Nicholas Cage got some get movies 
Yes, sir. It was a fantastic mix of emotion, action, drama, suspense. I've already watched it again! 
Seriously?  Keen was the original name for Niteflirt (before NF became exclusively phon… 
Social Butterfly shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
Most definitely... Love him in several of his movies but most especially liked him when he was on IN L… 
tweeted something about the drama that happened on berta’s twitch &amp; i just agreed that berta was being too mean...  
I pay nearly R1000 per month for a premium subscription so why do you charge extra for box office movies? Sur… 
I don't think the intent is to badmouth Frank. I t… 
#MindUp words to live by and have a #HappyEaster #GameofThrones at 6 &amp; 9 Easter Sunday #GOTrewind… 
I love Harry Potter! I read all of the books with my Dad, and I've seen 6 of the movies. 
This appears to be Mariah bringing the drama 
Drama teacher?""Because 
I always stop on good will hunting. But I do miss the airplane! Type movies. #wrongdaytostopsniffingglue 
i kinda wanna see that but idk,, i have so many movies to catch up on anyways like i literally watched to a… 
Spread the word and please follow us, If you are a ps4 gamer. FATE BEYOND CONTROL (FATE) is looking for gamers 18+,… 
When the House Dems open their false investigation every Republicans should all say this and only thus.Dens are was… 
The drama sis!!! 
Definitely.  So sorry. She has been chronicled in so many publications,movies etc. I am a believer! 
I have thos… 
#NewMusic Alert  Check out from #CustomGrooves #New #Dance #Single — ‘No Drama’ — OUT NOW! Get Link He… 
I’ve been streaming movies/music. Chilling. 
but it ain't drama let's cair no pau 
I raised 3 kids. Only took them to movies for their age group and when they behaved badly in publi… 
someone go to the movies with me 
Lately I fall for the toxic people and I stand up for myself cuz I'm tired of the drama I need to be free today I t… 
CELEBRATES #BATMAN'S 80TH ANNIVERSARY! #giveaway #movies 
Get ready for 'Avengers: Endgame' by listening to podcasts about previous movies in the MCU. First… 
Will Smith and Martin Lawrence Celebrate End of 'Bad Boys 3' Filming 
Yeah I don't get why they have to include the baby the baby shouldn't be apart of this drama. 
We need black cat in one of these spiderman movies 
Anyone watched this yet? I cannot wait! 
RAMY - A new comedy drama series, about the life of an Egyptian-American in the U.S.   *  This clip was TOO FUNN… 
It's (almost) the weekend, and we're chatting about favorite #cybersecurity movies. Check out our list of documenta… 
ROMA producer Pimienta prepping PERFECT MONSTERS as first drama series #TV 
Tom, stop trying to be a drama queen. If u are bored go donate time at a shelter or something. 
Real bitch i don’t be with all that drama NAH minding my business UNBOTHERED - Cardi 
I've seen every Fast and Furious movie. We always end up watching them when there is not… 
how are y’all watching your movies from the end to the start lol 
Can someone get this shirt for me but it says movies?? 
Hood dvds coming #director#podcast #movies#commercials #t.… 
Speaking of 4 letter all caps metal bands W.A.S.P. Debuted that year too. Movies include Th… 
RIP. One of the better horror movies of this generation 
Starz acquires Chris Martin's Marie Colvin documentary UNDER THE WIRE, sets April 22 premiere #film #movies #TV 
I feel that way about work sometimes. Like once we get over one drama, I feel like something else happens a… 
But I get your point. All superhero movies 
Getting ready for here are all of the featured titles that we are bringing with us! We have movies… 
Just watched Margin Call again after not seeing it for years. Still a great film! #margincall #film #movies #finance #greatfilms 
Alright Hollywood... You've got to stop making all your movies in the dark. I do not have naturally have night vision! 
Off course we bestie....I'm watching these movies before End Game  
Yeah, after The Nun, I'm just gonna take my chances and skip the hell out of this.Sorry, Mom, but I have a feelin… 
Not normal life chaos.  He is creating it for drama.  They are masters at crazy-making. 
HELL FEST co-scribe Seth Sherwood to make feature directorial debut with horror thriller BOYFRIEND #film #movies 
I'm not as enthused with Marvel as I used to be but fuck this sentiment. These are movies for kids and they've only… 
+ and the fandom sent emails to get it fix. Each of the rappers get their fair share of injustice, but w… 
Even Chris Hemsworth Hasn’t Seen ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Yet: ‘I Do Not Know Really How It Ends’ (Video) -… 
Okay so some girl just flashed me and my buddy while we were driving down I-40 and I’m shook honestly thought that just happened in movies 
'Fifty Shades' author E.L. James has a new book. Brace yourself for the reviews.  Oh dear..… 
DC comics have so much potential at making better movies than marvel but they're just too greedy. 
I don't know why the baby is involved in this drama she don't need this either it's ridiculous  
Well then I guess we all in the same wheel house...but he does love awful movies sometimes 
Did you know? It is normal for your ‘perfect’ eater to become more ‘picky’ around 15-18 months. The following tip… 
No drama! No stress. No hate no nothing. Just living their happy lives with their Spouces.  
Is the Twitter the social media platform filled with most drama or trolls? 
Okay... I’m convinced everything in pop culture that has been a lasting impact on my life is from the year 1984...… 
Mood: Real bitch ion be w/ all that drama; minding business unbothered  
Johnny Depp Reportedly Tried To Get Amber Heard Fired From #Aquaman - 
The #Avengers, #XMen And More Come Together In Epic Summer Blockbuster Montage - 
Now if I only could get a good Fantastic 4 scifi/drama where they’re off in the Negative Zone or other cosmic adven… 
My only criticism is they could probably tone down some of the ‘quips’. Add a bit of situational awareness to if th… 
I don't know why this is happening now especially when Bridgette is pregnant and all this drama going… 
Cynthia Bailey Is Not Here For the Drama - 
It's sort of sad really. She used to be right in the mix of what the drama was and what w… 
I am a little. El Dorado is one of my favorite John Wayne movies. 
T.D. Jakes to exec produce Lifetime telepic I AM SOMEBODY'S CHILD: THE REGINA LOUISE STORY #TV #movies 
Lorraine Warren has passed away at 92. She was a woman I admired from afar. I loved to read about the cases her and… 
Movies, series and cheap wine 
I think the family drama with doug is real 
It has everything you need in one show; drama, comedy, violence, shock value, sadness and it will piss… 
Missouri really needs to start giving tax breaks for people shooting movies/ TV here. God Jefferson Ci… 
Halloween 5's Michael Myers Discusses Never-Seen Massacre Cut From Film - 
Such drama! 
One of my favorite movies of all time  
First season of the good fight was good. Second season ok... but this third season, is not getting my… 
Sam and Miles are literally the sweetest people ever, lol. Like shut up, you’re just a trying to start… 
i finished my k drama  
7 Days until #Endgame and 245 days until #RiseOfSkywalker a.k.a. #StarWarsIX so I'm determined to stay alive despit… 
I also love this movie and no one loves shitty movies more than me except maybe 
I think these movies deserve more credit. Sure Megan Fox is the worst April, but the… 
Choose!Best Dreamworks' movie series... #poll #polls #polloftheday #Poll #movies #cartoon 
How about ya just pull it you dipshits. Keep proving you’d rather profit off the drama than have any sor… 
I love this movie. You got any "shitty" movies you love? 
When Did Slasher Movies Get So Respectable? 
account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the Twitter Media Policy. Learn more. 
i don’t support drama but..... me reading these comments on that Howard hatin, w*ite **y’s IG.... 
hi I just wanted to ask you what your favorite(if you’ve watched any)Swedish dubbed anime are I know we… 
Looking for a fun night out? Stay local and support some awesome HS Drama students! Mark your calendar's for 'Alice… 
I thinks all fake and scripted!!!! It’s always one drama event after another!!!! This o… 
One of my favorite movies!!"HEAD!  DOWN!!" 
#Movie "The Gay Shoe Clerk" (1903) 
Because women are witches, drama quins, entitled bitches. It is a myth that women would d… 
Growing up, we went all three hours unless we were dying sick. Then we immediately changed into pj… 
Duuuuuddddee we need a snack night when you come here next we will get some and watch movies and party it up hahaha 
Ban all cars. Too much drama! 
‘Younger’ Gets Season 6 Premiere Date On TV Land - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Oh and tell Jemele, thanks for spoiling the Rocky movies for me now... 
This is not fair I was expecting one of them along with three other Nigerian movies so I could easily discard th… 
Watching #SomeoneGreat. I already love this moving.Give me movies and TV shows about female friendship. Inject it into my veins. 
Godfather 2 and Malcolm X are both 3 hours and 20-some minutes. And LotR movies ran even longer averages, I believe.  
When u see drama start and you know it’s gonna be good 
The 4 best movies screening around Albuquerque this week   
Why, WHY!??  #PedroInfante 
The heroes are ready for a fight! 
Celebrate your fav books, movies, comics and all things geeky with us at Plaza PopCon on Sat. April 27 from 12-5pm!… 
Dog movie “Max” with The Exorcist” reviews. #joke #jokes #fun #funny #humor #SamantaSanta63 
Watch These 10 Family Movies on Netflix Today 
Take your family to the movies! #ad #MissingLink opens in theaters this FRIDAY (4/12)! Enter to win a fun movie the… 
I love to Shazam songs from romantic comedy movies. Especially black love movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Since I saw this tweet, I have to watch one of the movies tomorrow.  
Stephanie Pratt: My Parents Might Have Disowned Me Amid Spencer her own? Stephani… 
#DeathBattleCast In the Star Fox games the ships can take some damage before they get destroyed, in st… 
I wish you could find the strength to let him be... The drama, stress, heartache and hea… 
What did you miss the first time? Find out when you see again. Get tickets: 
Could’ve made a good girlfriend in the long run but I highly doubt either of us saw a real future in that thing tlogela drama  
i could write a dissertation on facebook group drama and this is a really good one!! 
This goes to show,the media love to insinuate drama around .It’s an organizational &amp; GM philoso… 
Oh no, I'm just now hearing about Lorraine Warren. As someone who has been into the paranormal forever and admired… 
Ragnarok is my favorite Marvel. It's a really funny movie, and frankly the other Thor mo… 
Time for my annual list of picks for the next four months! Read it at 
'Whiplash': An Example of Brilliant Writing, Directing, and Editing #Movies #TV 
Nothing like a TCM movie to start the weekend off right  #TCM #classicmovies #movies #HappyWeekend #smile #love  
Today we finished watching The Prestige. It's a look into nonlinear story telling by Christopher Nolan. Great discu… 
Drama on the set of Mother’s latest promo video. Stayed tuned for further developments, lovers. 
i come with drama 
Casting Call For Will o' the Wisp: This is a mystery/suspense drama involving child welfare and animal rights. The… 
my sisters really got me out here watching a scary movie when they know i dont like scary movies 
I just want my photos to look like  movies  
i just realized why freds “dad” in the movies was john cena. its because nobody can see him. 
Useless to watch these fake movies n waste money to make these shameless criminals rich for nothing. 
A Romantic Drama for fans of “The Fault in Our Stars”#YA #BookBoost 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama               
George Wright “Reel George”/“At The Movies” ’61/’71| Recorded at his S. Pasadena Studio #Wurlitzer #TheatreOrgan … 
If you enjoyed our 2nd place #SLTTC winner - SAMANVITA KASTHURI - you won't want to miss the only Indian Classical… 
Beyoncé Is a Queen Atop Her Pyramid in ‘Homecoming’ via 
Check out Meet The Fockers DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
It was an honor to be part of Fresha festival 2019#freshafestival #durban#beachfront#january2019… 
Like relationships are pure drama and dumb arguments 
That are better then the movies... 
You’re right. The picture books and colorful Disney movies were for… 
Last piece of of family history. My father was friends with (and financier of?) Frederick Chiluba, Zambia's second… 
Romantic movies on Netflix via #MRReads 
To be fair, apparently so do those banana sweets I’m intermittently addicted to  But I… 
Oh I don't? DC is only my favorite comic company and comic movies...I mean I only have a Su… 
Y’all just enjoy stirring up unnecessary drama 
Can someone please recommend to me a Hindi TV serial to watch? Something new, fresh and not a saas-bahu drama? 
Craig &amp; John   #Vikings Draft dilemmas 3:15   / #GoJacks A.D. on NC… 
I loved that movie as a kid. My grandma has it on VHS and it had my cousins and I rolling on the floor in… 
It’s a win win for me. I don’t want assholes in my fandom AND Star Wars is still so awesome to me… 
Family drama#isigcawutheatrefestival#theatre#isigcawu2018#kwamashu #kcap #034dramaproject 
But u r running away from all good movies! U Rejected BM ,Patmavat,Thakt also now at least Dhoom series?  
#2019MovieThreadTHE CURSE OF LA LLORONA (2019)Linda Cardellini keeps this from being as awful as The Nun, but… 
Whenever I see your recent interview when u say u don’t want to do normal movies !! What do u mean by thatwhen u s… 
We will perform “Notes from a Séance” at 8pm tonight and tomorrow at The Cowles Center for Dance &amp; the Performing A… 
Anyone who says “I avoid drama at all costs, don’t bring it around me.” Will bring more then enough for both of you. 
I've seen more people enjoy the streaming service then the movies 
Read saurik’s writeup and read your response. You are bringing… 
Nine drama  
Ouch, CJ. I don't watch Game of Thrones. And I wouldn't be able to pick Kim Kardashian out of a lineup. C… 
The Empress and the Prime Minister a gripping gay docu-drama 
On another note:Horror movies attract a Spirit of fear which the Bible says is not of God. Also there is torment in fear. 
I think audiences get too comfortable and familiar in today’s movies. They believe everything they’re hearing and s… 
all i see if drama on my shit, then there one post about someone wanting chciken. that’s who I wanna hangout with. damnnnn 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownDisney movies with my crayons and coloring book. 
You're trying to drum up drama with someone because you are trying to go back to doing… 
Yep. Plus it shows times are changing. They're losing comics, they're losing movies, they're losing ga… 
i miss my bestfriend , fuck all the drama. 
What To Do Today On My Only Day Off Go Shopping An Out To Eat Or Chill An Watch Some Movies Decisions Decisions  
I just realized that since I moved here, the  has becom… 
'The Conjuring' inspiration Lorraine Warren dies aged 92 via 
Rudy is widely considered one of the best football movies of all-time about a walk-on who got to suit up for Notre… 
Aye when she rolled out the movies to see dude I was dead asf  
While I sure don't disagree, I wish people would stop qualifying the stuff put out after the buyout as "Disney's St… 
watched one of your movies #HappybaagJayegi. Confused what Happy whispered into Bilal's ear. 
I do think there are ways to talk about the impact as written and depicted on screen se… 
So Pretty shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Dra… 
MOVIE GUIDE: 6 new movies to watch this long weekend 
"Noah" and 5 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
last night we saw a preview of The Unicorn Store which btw is directed by "this looks like a movie… 
Yes!  I mentioned this exact scene when I started thinking about how… 
I just need one person to like this and I’m watching All Twilight saga movies again tonight 
Hop on over to the Chickasaw Cultural Center tomorrow for a day of family fun with movies, scavenger hunts, arts an… 
Home run! Why 'Field of Dreams' still connects on its 30th anniversary 
I voted for #VoteEmpire on is my favorite TV show 
this reminds me of why i don't blame MMOs anymore, Guilds are drama 
#Nw Fracture.One of my favorite movies  
All in one role in a job - humor, drama, music - rare 
I know, I was totally joking. Trust me, I have waited three years between Star Wars movies more th… 
Haha yeah. The game itself was pretty cool if you like "interactive drama", though I did find the story a bit silly sometimes. 
meh the 70s was the last true golden era. The 80s had fun and goofy movies. The 90s got… 
I know my style ain't perfect, I know my smile ain't perfect, nigga ain't perfect, it's true.funny though I am per… 
He's not wrong. 
You can find me working behind the scenes at  We welcome anyone in the world with 10… 
total drama island paved the way for every other cartoon &amp; reality tv show ever 
I prefer cups unless I'm going to the movies.  Then it's time for pieces and if we are mixi… 
More to comeWonder what Stormy's new lawyer is working onAvenatti probably had her sign away her lif… 
If you think girls are drama, try working with nothing but men. They are fucking DRAMA. 
I need a new job. The drama is unreal in this bitch 
The Best Insights from Brené Brown's New Netflix Special 
there are better ways they could have had drama than what they did and probl… 
#AvengersEndgame's Runtime Minus Credits Has Now Been Revealed - 
Should have been jax in the mk movies 
Tamar, block that crazy out! Who cares? Only you can allow yourself to participate in their drama.… 
The FBI is comprised of grown-ups who understand that most mature adults are unaffected by internet… 
Fun fact: It was inspired by an archival Budweiser recipe from around the time of the Apollo moon missions. #SpaceBeer 
Okay I have a solution .. after 2years I will move to Durban . We will stay indoors together and binge… 
Emotionally, most of us have a pool of unprocessed rage, pain &amp; fear that has us wanting to fight/compe… 
Ah. Well, still, apparently Amber's made friends with E… 
-Novels get pictured, like movies. Short stories get pictured, like episodes of tv shows.-Friends, who a… 
I love terrible movies so maybe I will enjoy it 
Definitely trying go to the movies  
Movies and series, and access to internet (LimeWire) to download 
there are only two movies: frozen and salo 
Sure fish  You're the one who came into my mentions and started to b*tch just because I said Gaga is… 
China is a huge untapped market. It’s the sole reason we have billion dollar profit movies. 
Yeah, what Batman movies!?! is so awful at trusting their actors &amp; directors that they can’t manage to… 
Could still be apnea. A sleep study is usually covered by insurance and isn’t that much of a pain. Do you… 
Same. No outside time at all for us. Tho it was “church movies only” as kids but then… 
I want to force myself to like Marvel movies just because of these guys  
I'm watching Summer of 84 (2018) #trakt 
Lorraine Warren, the paranormal investigator that inspired The Conjuring series of movies dies the weekend that the… 
i’m very sad over the passing of Lorraine Warren. i’ve seen every one of the movies based off her &amp; her husband’s i… 
Oy, such drama. Liberation? Liberation from what? Liberation from whom? The pharaoh was voted in and… 
He really annoyed me. Causing unnecessary drama. 
It’s so annoying when people do this  . This week we were properly served drama . Meltdowns galore 
Only scary to idiots like you that think PTSD i… 
Daniel Radcliffe Explains Why He’s Avoided Blockbusters After Harry Potter - We Got This Covered 
‘Wonder’ Heading To Broadway; R.J. Palacio Novel Was Adapted As 2017 Lionsgate Movie Starring Julia Roberts -… 
Would you like to see a remake of SMALL SOLDIERS? #Movies #TV 
Thanks for the shout out. I am bizarre but no drama.  
im going to make it a habit to go see lesbian movies by myself to just kinda. get in touch with that yknow? 
#kalank is probably one of the best Bollywood movies I’ve ever seen and the fact that it had an AMAZING storyline a… 
I'm convinced the older I get the more emotional I get, which is saying something considering how sensitive I've al… 
Michelle Williams and Husband Phil Elverum Split After Marrying Last Summer 
if they ever FINALLY make the #houseofnight movies, absolutely has to play Neferet. there’s no one better 
Most of these are just good movies to watch instead of guilty pleasures, but regardless: 13 Going On 30… 
Lowkey wanna go to the movies .. 
#Movie "Golden Boy" (1939) 
The number one reason why I hate movies like The Nun is that, the movies ALWAYS takes place at a Catholic Church. H… 
I have t watched all the tv stuff, but the movies.... 
someone come over and watch movies with me  i’m bored 
11 ways the Avengers could defeat Thanos in ‘Endgame’: #AvengersEndgame 
This is the order of the movies and tv shows, for a very deep dive...... 
The real drama for Miami about taking QB Haskins is will kicker Sanders give up #7  
I did this list in 2017.  I am doing it again with almost entirely different movies on the list.  I'd love to see… 
I just want to go home and binge watch all the silence of the lambs movies 
Estou assistindo Unbreakable (2000) #trakt 
What was your favorite film from 1999? The Matrix or Sixth Sense or something else?Our picks … 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownDisney Movies 
The movie everyone is talking about, #Breakthrough is in theaters now! Based on the Inspirational #TrueStory.… 
They don't see it as the end. 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownWatching Muppet movies! 
The Lone Ranger Rides Again - 1939 - Movie Poster Please buy this poster now at 
It's almost 4/20, man! Which leads at to ask, What's the best stoner movie?… 
Someone buy Ciara a Life-alert thingy already, that poor girl has more drama than 10 people #DAYS 
Do you have your radio on? Turned to ? Do it now as I’ll be on at 2:15 with my reviews of #TeenSpirit a… 
offscreen.drama comes when we learn em isn't happy ali is getting so involve… 
Confessions of a teenage drama queen x 
Her, I can’t it will just blow up and make things worse I don’t need drama. 
I do miss the feeling of being in a relationship excluding the drama though 
in reality though I actually did pick up some gear and we've been recording some conversa… 
How sick and sad. People are taking these angry feelings to the limit. Well, my hear… 
Waiting on my Sorors for brunch and I’m sitting at the table like I’m on Love and Hip Hop. “Me and the girls are g… 
My 2 favorite sports movies: 1.) remember the Titans 2.) secretariat 
Conjuring and Insidious are the most creepy/scariest movies I’ve seen 
That's one of my favorite movies of all time lol 
IT, but I still watch the original and the new one. Love scary movies! 
The only way possible is to convince them they'll be making more money. The only way I see that happ… 
“Police force is on the lookout for traffic violations this 4/20 weekend.” Calm down pigs we’re all inside eating… 
From *Teen Spirit* to *A Star Is Born*: Why Are There So Many Movies About Female Music Stars?… 
One of the best movies! 
is just trying to get done tv time drama going so that peo… 
Any novels along the lines of early Cronenberg movies? 
Drama Free Zone: Avoid Toxic People Who Have These 5 Traits 
My husband the drama queen: “I’m going to my parents’ in case you think i'm out doing something untrustworthy.”Ex… 
Hans Zimmer's Superman score captures more than just the heroicness and intense power of the character, but also a… 
Kazuo Koike has died at 82 years old. The prolific Japanese manga writer had several of his works adapted into film… 
HBO Developing Documentary About Infamous Hollywood Sex Cult 'NXIVM' - Involving Pyramid Schemes, Sex-Trafficking a… 
Paranormal Investigator Lorraine Warren Dies at 92. She was the subject of dozens of films, tv series, and document… 
*Sigh.. every day, one drama or another. Why people feel entitled to TELL someone how to live their lives is beyond… 
That's 3 movies every week for $23.95 a month. 
Movies. Are. Too. Long. 
How about... The fact that you're not a fucking monster keeps you out of his movies? Just saying. 
They making shit up. and its not even true.. Drama 
Noooo she told the best scary stories to make our fav movies, rip at least she's with Ed now ! 
Is SUZY in talk for another shooting for VAGABOND over? What is the delay in VAGABOND showing? 
In '91 Kaminski was cinematographer on one of the worst movies of all time.Vanilla Ice's movie: Cool as IceJust… 
Star Wars:22 Facts You Need to Know from Celebration 2019 #starwars 
I’m pretty sure Apollo Creed comes back to life in Rocky 11 or Creed Resurrection movies.  You’ll just… 
If i could just finish my work.....i can watch movies for the rest of the day  
i miss having someone to watch movies with 
‘The Curse Of La Llorona’ Leads Easter Weekend Releases #EntertainmentNews #movies 
I wanna go to the movies  
Drama Queen! 
Yep. Just like they think they know a person just because they have watched them on TV or… 
I just finished my stuff on Cap 3 and there's one week until Endgame releases. I have 8 movies left. Hoping to be… 
Horror movies and champagne Perfect Friday 
don’t come at me with that high school drama attitude I’m not here for it 
A lot of the viewers, including the person behind this account, are looking forward to any animated projects especi… 
Benchwarmers is by far the most underrated sports movies of all time 
#HOMECOMING offers the complete Beychella experience: every single song and performance, the behind-the-scenes, and… 
10 damn etv late night movies   
Newphew Cooper. He’s 7, super smart, super kind, super funny.  Loves to read and sing and m… 
That is why movies and TV shows are great lol 
I'm so sadddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pitch Perfect Stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin Split After 2 Years of Marria… 
Gremlins was one of my favourite movies. 
Bout time to watch my Secretariat movies again.   
Drama after drama 
ohhhh yeah whole movies soundtrack was done by him put me on when I was like 12 lol 
Jennifer Lawrence and Cooke Maroney’s Wedding Will Be a ‘Family Affair’: Source 
If u want less drama in your life. Hang out with people more successful than u. It worked for me so far. 
Amazing girl2girl fucking with strapon: #movies Amazing girl2girl fucking with strapon - I was just chilling after… 
well that was quick 
5 movies? All of these are for my granny's Days of our Lives recordings 
Focus, BBC Films &amp; IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK producer Pastel team on recently-wrapped NEVER RARELY SOMETIMES ALWAY… 
Check out Mission Impossible DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
I am interested to see how a book about a webcast will grow as a novel. To me the subject is very limited. I am rea… 
Amazing how #American movies and films portray their country as the greatest, richest and all things good. No matte… 
No problem getting the best players and then using marketing / casting to create drama and s… 
How long have we heard about superhero fatigue, but these movies only get bigger and better 
Ugh dreading tomorrow’s drama. On a diet so no alcohol for me 
I loved "Little Woods" when I saw it at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November and put it on one of… 
Make sure everyone had fun at the end of the session. Be prepared to go off the rails, and do things for the drama! 
Daniel Radcliffe Explains Why He's Avoided Blockbusters After #HarryPotter - 
A thread to those people who find ANY way to get into drama 
If y'all need a silly chick flick type show to watch, The Bold Type is it. Fashion, career crises, boyfriends/girlf… 
Here are the movies and shows coming to Disney+ 
I ain’t into scary movies at all they all trash to me 
I mean I didn’t want another Fast &amp; Furious after Tokyo Drift. But like 20 movies later, here we are… 
Life lessons I learned from the movies: Hard work pays off...#lessonsilearnedfrommovies 
You can’t have a long weekend without drama at home. Like, I’m so excited  
People really don’t care about your situation, they’re just in it for the drama. Remember that. 
He was amazing. Uncle Buck is still one of my favorite movies. 
MLB: Look at these players throwing at each other cuz they’re bat flipping! Drama!MLB: You guys are suspended for… 
Unreasonable school administrators in 80's movies. 
Lol yep, always some drama going on and lots of crying.  
Warner Bros. developing #film adaptation of horror short story ON THE I-5 by Kendare Blake with Shawn Levy's 21 Lap… 
Batman doesn’t want to be in any more shitty movies. #batman #movies #doodle 
I try super hard to never judge parents; you never know what’s going on with someone. But if I eve… 
Audrey Hepburn's Secret Past: New Book Reveals How She Risked Her Life to Fight Against Nazis 
Deactivated fb, too much negativity and drama on that site for me! Plus, I have way to many unwanted friends that n… 
Yes!!! Know the feeling. I'm looking for a copy of 13 Graves, but it was a TV movie an… 
Life lessons I learned from the movies (and the hard way): Women are like Aggies, from the outside looking in, you… 
This needs to go viral. It’s the best mashup of all the movies. The ultimate recap of the MCU. (Marvel) End of th… 
17 Movie Bombs That Became Cult Classics 
Don’t be so grumpy.   I’m not a fan of fantasy movies- they’re just not my thing; but when some of my fri… 
Fuck a RedBox, we goin to the library for movies baby 
Five of the Best Movies About Partisans &amp; the Resistance in WWII 
It was my daughter's and my guilty pleasure. The movies were so awful in such an enjoyable way. 
So an ex girlfriend of my ex boyfriend did the unthinkable thing  She sent my ex boyfriend’s new girlfriend a What… 
The drama and poetry section always make me sad. 
Shazam, but for movies and series 
Also, the issue of him being a garbage person keeps me from being in his movies. You’re right. 
Supernatural drama you say? Count me in. 
going to the movies later what should we watch ,, i need HELP 
I’m tired of this drama say it to me if you have an issue with me 
would just like to say this lady made me scared to watch “based on true story” movies. 
The regressive left is mainstream, pervades news media, academe, movies, music, and television - the… 
Sara Collins to adapt her debut novel THE CONFESSIONS OF FRANNIE LANGTON into #TV series for Drama Republic… 
Me still waiting for any good movies to come to Iowa 
No music that isn’t church music. No shopping. No movies or TV that isn’t church related. No video… 
The temp job led to a permanent position at the company where I am now, that wasn't until… 
Avengers: EndgameLink : : Link : 
Ukhona she tried to revive her career two-three years back in KZN, then she had ancestral drama... 
Hi I just love and the fact that she’s bringing the quality Asian characters that I didn’t see as a kid to paper and to movies 
Definitely not calling you a dumbass but glad that I have your attention we ne… 
u are such a drama queen 
aweeeee so glad theyre still in touch even after their drama.... brothers for real... 
Swalwell is a Drama Queen, never forget that . So he is going to exaggerate things , and that's an understatement. 
Drama ‘The Grizzles’ explores Indigenous youth suicide 
And the family drama to wedding planning has begun 
#Maturity #soul growth...the drama not being there I wonder lol... Life is full of drama its just about whether you… 
ANOTHER ONE OF MY FAVORITE BOOKS IS BECOMING A MOVIE AND IM GONNA SCREAM ALSO IM SO HERE FOR ALL THESE MOVIES WITH ASIAN LEADS 
Ant-Man! The Ant-Man movies are alright. Paul Rudd is adorable, as always, but eh. Michael Pena annoys me, even tho… 
Can you tell I like these kind of movies? Ready Player 1 and Wreck-It Ralph are already gamey, but… 
A Bug's Life Full Movie English - Disney Movies Full Length - Animation Movies For Kids 
Sean Bean Answers the Web's Most Searched Questions | WIRED Sean Bean answers the internet's most searched questio… 
Wym, that movie is dope? Top 10 anime movies. 
#WeShouldWelcomeBack Old movies and delete the remakes. 
The Agony of Defeat always delivers the maximum of negative human drama  of which Pelosi and Schumer Democratic Bar… 
During one of the Twilight movies, Jacob showed up wearing only shorts. Edward said "Do you ev… 
The Miracle Season is one of my favorite movies 
Kinda wanna go to the movies. 
My son daddy scary. Like we can't watch no scary movies. Not even the gremlins but this nigga just said he will go… 
Has Woods always been a reactionary? He was in so many great movies. Ya hate to see it 
Hillary and Clinton review – Laurie Metcalf on winning form in solid drama 
Video game movies are mostly bad but 'Double Dragon' is a good time: 
Playing video games, reading books, watching movies, playing soccer, shopping etc.(that's me though) 
No respect for the Thor movies smh 
How are you dying in your Netflix Original post-apocalypse drama? 
I won’t watch movies where a dog plays a major role because the entire time I just have anxiety they’re gonna kill… 
FUUUUUUCK Jonathan London have you done an episode of geekscape reviewing shitty 90s movies? 
avengers 4 endgameLink : : : 
My head goes to Groundhog Day and Run Lola Run (R), with repeating action and inner puzzles. Escape mo… 
#ChildsPlay reboot director says Chucky is 80% animatronic in the flick - 
Lol it was a joke. I have a friend that talks through movies more than any child would, I’m used to it 
Lot of drama 
Lol, like I said I’m here for the drama of the implications 
50 First Dates is still one of the best movies tbh 
The older I get the more I hate drama 
And they all magically have the "acting gene" and make love movies... Hence #Netflix trying to dest… 
No Good Nick - Love the adults because of their past and that's it.Bad acting(for the most characters), stor… 
When I say I’m thankful I don’t have any drama in my life IM SAYING IT LOUD AND PROUD 
TV Dramas! - 2 for £20 Category: Blu-Ray,DVDs,CDs,Adult Gifts,Anniversary Gifts,Birthday Gifts,C Vendor: Simply Hom… 
Life lessons I learned from the movies: Religions might all be different, but you gotta believe...… 
Each year brings impressive new movies. These are the 20 best movies of the 2000's according to Which… 
In 1 week, summer begins with the endgame. Get tickets to Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame in theaters April 26. :… 
Oh 100%, no one should take babies to any movies. I’m against that overall. 
GThai Movie 4: Super Star 
Isithembiso is the worst drama there is and Banzi is thee worst actor in history 
That's a good chunk of change. That's like 4 saw and 25 paranormal activity movies. 
I did drinking game marathons in college that involved taking a sip whenever Star… 
Rick Fox is on Hallmark Movies?! 
If those Conjuring movies didn’t come out 95% of people tweeting about it wouldn’t even know who she was. 
Anyone have a battery for my old old old rca tying to get it to work to play old movies. 
I told classmates I was a rally commisioner and they thought rallies were mostly in movies.  NY kids I swear 
Something about Rhapsody in Blue just reeks of John Grisham movies. 
This was like a Twilight Zone episode. Huge houses, no crime, a Benz in every driveway, and they showed… 
Oh hah, nah too many curse words and blood. Which is wild, considering these are Disney movies 
counterpoint: they are movies for kids 
Most of the time these movies that are supposed to be horribly offensive aren’t as bad as they’re m… 
What if your wrong? What if it’s 10 years? OMG!! Did your parents refer to you as the Drama Queen? 
Or i can come over and we can watch marvel movies 
It's a No Drama Llama Day at the Office today. Thanks to Cheri's Bakery Wichita for our Llama-mazing cookies!… 
I miss watching scary movies on my free block w/ 
Anyone ever seen the movie "Happy Death Day"? #movies #happydeathday 
Okay but who goes to the movies and doesn’t get popcorn?  
It's like that's the only way the writers know how to create relationship drama. How many times did Ni… 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Reportedly Features A Trippy New Force Ability - 
"If Hillary Clinton is elected, Americans will face endless hours of investigations and court room drama".       ~t… 
I just want to eat good and watch movies today 
And of course kids love these movies, as they should. 
I don’t disagree. My point is not geared towards you necessarily but to those who claim that these ar… 
here is some proof that kpop stan started the fucking drama 
Take the drama out of Laundry Day! Need it back TOMORROW? Text or Call before 5pm TODAY to schedule 24-HR Service.… 
Menos drama please 
It’s supposed to thunderstorm and I’m lowkey excited! A day full of listening to music and watching movies sounds like a chill day. 
More importantly half the people who hate the movement are people who dislike Snyder t… 
I mean, again, my kid LOVES these movies. The events you’re describing aren’t portrayed that way and if they were I… 
Ronin Shows Off His Sword Skills In New #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
My wife will only re-watch Ant-Mans a… 
i hate movies that end like that, yeah i know it's realistic or whatever but i don't watch movies for things that h… 
Best Trick Movie Endings That Don't Mean What You Think Video #horror: Watch as trick movie endings revealing that… 
Ladies and gentlemen i still believe,that the mystery of Golgotha in which christ's blood spilled onto the earth,wa… 
Wow! This song was really good, it's not about sex, love, drama, depression, etc. but all about our dear EARTH … 
A) factsB) reading the replies and folks keep saying these movies are for kids - do y’all not remember Loki gettin… 
From what I can tell, that just means people who disagree or who bring facts that dispute your claim… 
There's a kind of irony--I know people complain the prequels are "too funny," but then I laugh that my niec… 
I’ve loved Netflix but I’m the furthest thing from addicted. I go in for specific shows and movies very sporadicall… 
speaking of drama queensher newest "game" is to purposely wrap her cable around something then bar… 
Bond movies or Rupaul's Drag Race. Both as camp as each other 
gonna do a marvel marathon with mom to prepare for Endgame (we wont watch all the movies) 
I wish Hitchcock was still alive. He could show some of these Hollywood directors how to direct a worthwhile suspen… 
Pretty late posting since this is the first I’ve read about it. The Seventh Seal is one of… 
Once again, speculation fan fictional theories. The guy literally says Anakin is the chose… 
When I saw "Tim Curry" was trending I got wicked worried. Whew! Happy Birthday, Tim! Thank you for making "Clue" on… 
Who else loves the first 20 minutes of horror movies when things are real chill? 
absolutely loved it! A mix of love, drama, friendships and relationships. I found it so Funny and… 
there’s a deal on marvel movies this weekend on vudu, might fuck around and buy a few and regret it  
He got drama  
musicmovies&amp; me 6/3 at Nicollet Island Pavillion 
Oooo love a bit of drama in the fam and shit stirring x 
"I feel we made something that made my daughter proud, made my mother proud, my father proud, and all of the people… 
I need to be boo’d up watching scary movies today smh 
Looks like iTunes has a bunch of stuff on sale for $4.99, and there’s stuff I want to pick up for… 
#esptein evidently got porno movies - like they pal #robertkraftused to send the chicas o… 
The are 100% drama. 
Seems like you have a good set up for character drama. All there is, is the execution!Also i love the… 
Coming Monday morning: The Marvel Cinematic Universe Special! It’s not easy picking a Top 5 Favorite Marvel Movies… 
Be sure and follow on all social media platforms. drama series premiering this fall. I promise you dont want to miss it. 
No one is making or has ever made a movie for… 
And Will Smith gotta role he been in to many trash movies 
i have to go with my younger brother and he talks during movies i need help 
Two childhood friends separated by time and distance. Can they find a way to heal their bond, or perhaps forge a ne… 
20 Funny Vet Cards: Puns From The Movies #humor 
This kids are watching too much porn movies 
Also the new star wars movies are awesome and the only mockery is that which you have made of yourself. 
That’s 100% speculation though. Until the movies come out Anakin is the chosen one and if… 
“People create drama in their own head to keep themselves entertained”  
Hey Redbox I just tried to return my movies and the box wasn't working. Kept pressing return and nothing was happening. 
Everyone that is in all the places should read the report.  See this break down, and follow Angry Staffer.  Happy l… 
12pm eastern is 11pm my timeThat means it’s on the 25th I always go to the early showings for new avengers movi… 
I will keep annoying my coworkers with my talk about movies  
YES WISJWJ oh my gosh same that's how i was, also was just empty for days after because of the end but… 
60 Free Film Noir Movies. You’re welcome!  by openculture 
I didn’t want kids until now because I don’t produce enough drama just as a single organism 
I just started watching #TheMagicians and really have loved so much about it. But now I'm going to have to bail bec… 
Releasing 4/26: I Trapped the Devil (2019) - Premise: Man visits his troubled brother who claims he has trapped the… 
My review of one of the greatest comedies ever made, Draft Day, is within. 
Don’t worry about it - I’ll allow it this time. I just see a lot of “omg don’t talk to me if you don’t kn… 
Even Jesus was a Drama Queen! 
Christine Crokos to write and direct Hope Solo biopic for Argent Pictures and helm horror-thriller THE BEAST for Th… 
Cival War was like a mini Avengers movie... It's always great when there is historic story ba… 
3 more movies to watch to be fully ready 
I'm craving a junk food night with a marathon of action and sci-fi movies 
Michael Tucker Of 'Lessons from the Screenplay' Has Been Dissecting Movies For Years. Now, He's Making His Own.… 
16 Blocks is another great movie!!! Actually Bruce Willis old work is all proper, and my fav is Die Hard 2 and Die… 
We arecmaking progress. Lots of smart people in the building. Dan Snyder has made progress...but dammit h… 
yeah i saw that for drama we have to have aliso… 
I'm waiting for my brain to work on this, coz i sense a drama 
Veggie tales movies about Jonah and Welp then i guess I’ll figure out how to talk about the sacraments and talk abo… 
No matter what people are determined to be hateful and ignorant. All those movies that show unity after a cataclysm… 
Yes! We don't like drama, but love music! Please play #ANoNo 
Do y’all also have family drama you could write a book about or ke nna fela?  
I dug it. I don’t think it reinvented the wheel, as it hits a lot of the same beats as the… 
I'll forever love those olden action movies before CGI took over 
We are going to go to the movies and I have chosen seats and assigned them. Find… 
2) Art and Media. Imagine a world where movies are made to celebrate truth and beauty in the world. W… 
Short #film A CHILDREN'S SONG getting feature adaptation via Out of the blue Entertainment and The H Collective; Os… 
She gotta be lying her TV stay on SVU only time she not watching that is if 1 of 3 movies is on ! 
 laughing and in a dilema!  stuck on a an island and for some reason you can only watch… 
Olivia Wilde on Directing Fiancé Jason Sudeikis: 'It’s Really Amazing to See Him Do His Thing' -… 
Pizza &amp; helado &amp; movies  
I wrote the cheesiest young adult romantic drama while I was trying to pivot this fever, and bitch I'm probably the… 
Lucasfilm Publishing Reveals Upcoming Star Wars Books at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 
Drive, one of my all time favorite movies 
Josh Friedman steps down as co-showrunner of Apple's series adaptation of Isaac Asimov's FOUNDATION #TV 
Please, No More Movies That Depict Black People Who..Sold CokeandDope..R… 
Is the drama with angry grandpas family in it 
OK, SO... I haven’t kept up with the Marvel movies. I’ve seen several but I know not enough to feel I can watch End… 
You already cut out the MSG, let the drama spice up your life kancane nje  
#Jersey Brilliantly executed emotional sports drama. Undoubtably Nani’s best till date, Shradha did really well in… 
Exclusive: Full Moon Features to Live-Stream the Production of 10 Horror Movies with ‘Deadly Ten’ -… 
Ok keep it real and the nigga and stop tryna cause drama 
Angaz noma the movies I pick have Samuel L Jackson or mans is just everywhere 
U kula without any drama. Vutomi vu lula that way  
We have a fall. Going to need 5 good ones on beam  #NCAAGym early drama 
I Drama charles 
Silence is better than unnecessary drama. 
we haven’t watched past the first ep of hard carry bc we started watching movies and then romance is a bonus book ooops 
That’s true. CS used to be very childish and cause a lot of drama but he’s g… 
20 Best Horror Movies of 2018 - Scariest New Films of the Year (So Far) #horror: Here we are almost at the end of 2… 
UNDER THE SILVER LAKE has been screwed by an industry unwilling to take risks on a unique and bizarre movie for whi… 
Since Home Improvement and all your movies till now. You are theLastManStanding  
Meet us at #TheTrailhead for Movies in the Park on June 9 &amp; July 28! 
God loves Drama tho, why did he give Woman the Pussy 
Just like in the moviesIt starts to rain and weWe're the broken beautiesBlindfolded minds collide and we fall 
Stop all the drama and enjoy some ridiculous. 
I really feel like we are slowly allowing some type of Sky et event to happen, and regardless of all the movies war… 
Spencer &amp; Heidi Pratt's family drama  
We have ham radios and can tune into the local police channel (listen ONLY of course!). Its very h… 
Books, term papers, doctor’s scripts, patient’ medical history, loan agreements, property purchase… 
#Movie "Plato's Reality Machine" (2013) 
Yay! One of my favorite movies!  
Very true! I honestly don’t get it at all. There are a few MCU movies I find meh, but the Russos di… 
Unpopular opinion: The avengers/marvel movies are good... Not great.  
Happy Birthday! best actor and patriot ever! Loved all your movies but casino is my favorite! 
And fine, you need an alternate example...how about rated R movies at a young age? And...go. 
Thinking about delete Twitter, nothing but drama fr 
This is lovely. I saw it on exhibit a few years ago in Doylestown, PA, along with other wardrobe items from Grace K… 
Yes, Ronnie-Ray-Gun's deregulations have been and are disastrous… 
I love old school Wesley snipe movies. 
#AvengersEndgame TV Spot Reveals A Key Detail In Iron Man's Armor - 
The bit in Sleeper with the Howard Cosell clip was literally the only funny thing in any of his mov… 
*two National Merit finalists, first drama production with ASL, countless awar… 
Another big holiday is fast approaching and once again we can become immersed in emotional drama. 
#OneNightWithMyEx I would, because ke rata drama 
There's a gent in my dms who isn't supposed to be and it's putting me in an awkward spot. I really don't like drama… 
Go drama club 
One of the best movies to ever watch, if you looking for feel good sob! My advice though is read the book first lol… 
Right?! Crazy just how many great movies are present even in the honorable mentions. 
Why you putting yo self in this shit like if tray left it alone why can’t y’all al… 
Scooby-Dooby-Doo, where are you? Well, right here, actually. 
#StarWars' Mark Hamill Confirms Whether Luke Died A Virgin Or Not - 
This hack can waddle down and read it in the secure room.  Fake drama for stupid people. 
will host a Fine Arts Symposium on April 26 in the school courtyard. The jazz band, Southern Strings… 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama    
I just have to watch the iron man movies today and I will have watched every mcu movie within the last month 
Yes do it, start drama on Easter!  
Happy birthday Grandma, my Angel on Earth!  You are a gift  I’m so happy I got to spend yesterday with you - mo… 
That new video today is some viral content. We’re dropping movies. Haven’t dropped a “music video” yet. Vibes. 
hey can u get more movies with Spanish subs, thanks  
Wasn't this quote in one of the Legally Blonde movies?? 
You started the drama. Done supporting those whose fame blows up 
Fake Drama.The only people more fake than the Media are Hollywood celebs.Remember they either lie or… 
Damn this reads like a daytime drama. 
His intention was never to sue Goyal . He only wanted Diet Coke on every flight so the drama. Naresh Goyal should b… 
I’m here for the drama  
Somebody take me out for movies tomorrow...  
Yeah that’s also why I dislike that anime movies don’t stream on Netflix cause anime fans can be obnoxious. 
New from VTW! Indeed_Movies_#50_Women_on_the_Verge_of_a_Nervous_Breakdown 
Unfortunately, it is still an active platform for local organizing and… 
Okay Mitzi. You gotta let go of the drama. You can't do anything about what is upsetting you right now. Time to red… 
Assumptions are not good. Watch the movie and only then review and predict. So many big movies have sa… 
Drama DRAMA $tupid DRAMA TRUMP 2020 and beyond 
My guess is they want Kyler but if they can’t get… 
10 movies you must see at Hot Docs 2019, covering everything from Saskatchewan to Gaza #entertainment 
Was the same under Mourinho. Was very rarely asked about his tactical approach/principles of play/t… 
CO – OPINION – Why we should cover the trauma, not drama, of school shootings - -… 
Too late: I was already a Tom Cruise character in one of his shitttier movies... Wait.… 
Best of PFT: Rosen drama, Cowboys takeover - National Football League News - 
Movies to Watch This Earth Day: EcoWatch #environment | More w/ Eco-Search: 
They like trump. Their media companies are making HUGE profits over this... it’s li… 
Puro ka drama, drama but not for me, not for me. 
 wait and see, you already know pure drama is the epitome of this show 
I’m wondering on these Netflix movies do the directors see this bad acting and try to correct it or do they be like fuck it 
I feel like this has gotten lost in all of the playoff drama...he was literally voted one of the best players in th… 
Get bent. These movies aren’t just for you. 
I'm apparently the only person at the movies today.....#Creepy 
'About Time' is currently streaming on Netflix, if you wanna watch one of the best time travel movies ever made tha… 
Such a drama queen.  Unemployment at record lows among all races. Move on will ya?!?! 
This will NEVER happen my drama queen  
If you're gonna appropriate ud you need to answer in my tl!! Stop waiting for drama you're not gonna get it anyway!! 
Boring Friday... Lemme order in, watch movies and call it a night  
Drop Dead Gorgeous should be on every list for Minnesota movies  
my friends wanna take me to the movies, i told 'em to fuck off, i'm holding hands with my depression 
The prequels were pretty good, but these new SW movies are ridiculous. No matter how bad the pacing or how stiff th… 
I hella need a girl’s night (as weird as that sounds). Face masks, dumb movies, poor attempts at making food, etc.… 
Short Films &amp; Indie Movies Film #shortfilm #shortfilms… 
2. No where in this post does it say that the rest of the family also went to the movies, it just says “a couple”. 
My mother loves her phone, but sometimes she laments not having a bigger screen to display things on. She doesn't w… 
New Mexico Girls Make Movies offering PA intership training 
so I'm seeing the Cute Girl With Blue Hair again on Saturday we're gonna watch movies and get pizza and maybe just… 
I watch very little of TV and that's usually news, doccies and current affairs. Only when I'm at my mother's house… 
Morning shit and crypto twitter drama. Daily ritual of sorts 
Here's What You Need to Know About the Mueller Report, and Why More Drama Is on the Way 
Dems have already been told they are going to get it but they just can't resist the grand drama of "deman… 
Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (1991) KILL COUNT Video #horror: Not one of the better Freddy Krueger movies but… 
I also want to know. Movies and Series 
Crypto Twitter is honestly fu*king bananas. I don't know how you all find the time to trade, eat and sleep.I try… 
This is so true. One of my favorite movies ever. 
We would have never gotten one of the best baseball movies of all time  
Jesus christ movies everywhere 
my heart breaks every time i watch movies like this. i’m still gonna watch tho  
What in the world...drama already. 
If you’ve graduated high school and you’re in still into causing drama and making people feel bad about themselves... YIKES get a life 
I just finished everything house flipper had to offer. So it’s either ARK RP. Or overwatch. Or movies.  I don’t know.  
Greetings! Your label mate is here, I hope my presence here will help you to gain new companionship. Talk… 
Rainy Friday  Keith and I are spending the day watching movies and eating junk food. What’s better than that? Also… 
I'm going full-speed ahead with a Jurassic World Evolution cinematic docu-dramaNow, to find a narrator... 
Charles, id ask to please keep things factual and not make assertions… 
#AvengersEndgame directors working on Stan Lee documentary - 
Coto movies is better 
What's with all the drama from the NHL about the start time? The game is in 2 days. And it is Easter… 
I am the IDubbbzTV of creating drama 
Seen it many times but coto movies is better 
Did you know there are about 36 hours worth of movies to watch to prepare for #AvengersEndgame? You'… 
By who? People who dont watch movies? 
Hermione Norris to star in a show that is out of this world Seven has secured some international star power for its… 
Not sure if you’ve heard of this one but where I’m from people eat popcorn at the movies 
Two humans at work both just said 'I haven't been to the movies in years because I can't sit still for two hours...… 
An unforgettable love story and family drama set on beautiful Sanibel Island. TEN DAYS IN PARADISE … 
Please help keep stop-motion animation 
This is not a common thought process for children, this is learned behavior from tv, movies and video games. We hav… 
‘The Irishman’ Producer Teases Martin Scorsese’s New Movie: ‘It’s Very Funny’ Like ‘Goodfellas’ #Movies #TV 
What are some movie cliches that you love? #Movies #TV 
Alamo Drafthouse To Host Screenings of ‘The Hunchback of Notre Dame’ for Free, as a Celebration of the Notre Dame C… 
So da Raiders are still operating a bush league operation you say. Drama team A#1. 
lol such drama... 
Rocky 1,2&amp;3 are classic movies in my opinion.  Have you seen the first Creed?  It’s fantastic! 
Drama ain’t it 
New #toystory4 Poster. #disney #pixar #toystory #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies… 
My favorite books are movies.  
That’s why In the last few Bond movies it has been less about his Gadgets and more about the character… 
yessss more Thor movies 
On the good side, I might clean up Plex a bit by watching a shit ton of movies 
people? James Cameron is a terrible director. I don… 
When she gets to loud with you, close her lips shut! ...#movies #skits #memes #hollywood… 
All of these reasons, behind the scenes and in the story, add up to make this my favorite change to the Star Wars m… 
It's time for to retire. #Kalank He has always been producing most irrelevant, unrealistic and sensele… 
There's some drama, but don't worry.  I will get back to Speedrunning soon and crush some puny WRs!  Also I wanna s… 
I grew up with VOY, so sort of a mix between Gene and JJ. I enjoyed the JJ movies too. I’ll have to check it out! 
penguinbooks Thank you for this wonderful ARC! #beautifulcover #bookstagram… 
Several new movies at the box office this weekend 
I definitely live by this - especially as a Community Manager. The more people involved in your life, the more unne… 
To this day I will use movies as a measurement of time. Like how it takes approximately one Revenge of the Sith to… 
article should hold you over until you get your copy of "Going the Distance: The Life… 
wait, were the old godzilla movies actually just porn where people sex in a tiny cityscape with fursuits? 
You’re missing out on the drama 
I feel like I'm ready to go back to only watching normal standalone movies with self-contained stories after Endgam… 
Poeple who watch Bollywood movies are born ready 
I don't have a TV and I am so glad. The snipped I occasionally watch on here or youtube is enough to remi… 
These movies have been so fun to watch! Thank you!! Enjoyed every moment!!  
The internal struggle playing out at Disney over who exactly Rey should be is more entertaining than the actual mov… 
ppl still come to twitter to talk shit and start drama???????? y’all weird 
So let's ban every Pres. monument b4 1863, cause they may hav… 
We’re proud that OWT founder &amp; Artistic Director, Jeremy Stanbary, is associated with the new school is s… 
Lots of people still do.After all it costs to have WiFi on the plane, and/or watch the movies they offer… 
Lots of people still do.After all it costs to have WiFi on the plane, and/or watch the movies they offer.Many peo… 
where do y'all download movies???  
4c. ALSO THE GOLEM AND THE JINNI. PLEASE. I desperately want The Golem and the Jinni in the style of a BBC Period Drama MiniSeries. 
Election songs: a mirror to India’s democracy 
getting ready for tomorrow for #LOWDetroit and to meet again I’m watching one of my… 
Dumb and Dumber style movies will still make this joke. I can see Ed Helms saying it right now. 
1. I was never a Depp fan nor can I claim to be one today. I do enjoy his movies and that's about it. I've seen him… 
An aside: Cloverfield really had no score, just end credits music. And it's perfect. It's a love letter written to… 
Jimmy Kimmel Calls #AvengersEndgame Spoilers A National Emergency - 
Hahaha. That's one of my favorite movies lol. And thanks! 
Ok but can we talk about how homophobia is literally blinding people from understanding the plot of recent games/mo… 
Yes, but not that it kept you from enjoying other horror movies 
#LTNFamily is launching today. And here's the teaser of their upcoming drama serial Sandy Mandy - a story of two gi… 
when ariana retires from music can she please become a drama actress and play like amy adam roles that might be iconic 
Hearing that the Grumpy Old Men house is up for sale inspired us to challenge to offer his top 5 movies… 
My coworkers failed to mention that most were taking today off. Something about resurrecting chocolate rabbits, idk… 
Just posted a new episode on Podomatic: #radio #oldtimeradio #podcasting #horror #drama… 
One of my favorite scenes from one of my favorite movies!! 
I love the fast and furious movie franchise has given up on being even remotely believeable and is just making fun,… 
BTS I don’t know what I was doing when y’all got to go out to the movies with us 
Currently watching all the marvel movies that lead up to #AvengersEndgame 
The case for intervention as a moral issue. #USRC 
I am so sad to hear your rants. I love your movies and your funny as hell. I am however a Tru… 
DRAMA QUEEN! 
The cover of #TVGuide featured #FrankConverse and #ClaudeAkins of the NBC drama series #MovinOn, this date in 1975. 
Watching the Marvel Phase 3 highlight with CANT CHOOSE WOMAN!!!! Phase 3 is the… 
I don’t know why but I love seeing DeWanda Wise in movies or shows ! Come through black Queen 
Studies show that art and drama students tend to score better on SATs and exhibit improved performance in other academic areas. 
In my experience, midnight movies are for the really passionate fans, which is why you get the loud… 
Discover All 40 of the 'Avengers: Endgame' Twitter Emojis 
Too many to pay for at the movies, for my cheap ass 
It's almost as if some people were happy to find a new thing to be angry about. Now the lash-back is fierce, not on… 
Stephen King's CUJO (1983) KILL COUNT [Video] #horror: Director Lewis Teague brought us Stephen King‘s Cujo (1983)… 
All UNDERWORLD Movies Ranked Best to Worst #horror: Under director Len Wiseman and actress, Kate Beckinsale horror… 
Drama on 
Same because you're the one causing drama. Stop being like Renfamous just because nobody gives you… 
me when cats are in movies: me when cats are in movies but they’re the villains: cats are precious angels an… 
Im sure this will be awesome mindless fun but no trailer needs to be almost 4 mins in length! Not going to watch th… 
Star Wars Episode IX:How George Lucas Helped with The Rise of Skywalker  #jedi #story… 
Schools require parent permission to show PG-13 movies that have little to no violence, but a game about hanging a… 
Manchester By the Sea is highly cathartic and one of the best movies to watch to feel sad. 
‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition 
I laugh like those possessed dolls in horror movies everytime I see this  emoji (I don't laugh like that... In my head) 
BOOM. Short version: SEE IT NOW. 
Jodie Comer was asked to strangle a fan Jodie Comer was once asked by a fan to strangle them. The 26-year-old actre… 
Crazy Rich Asians available now at VUDU!  #movies 
Agree. I’m so sentimental for these crappy 80s movies. Dang! 
This guy has no life. All these unhappy miserable idiots. All this negativity is NOT what this world n… 
And led to the six great Lone Wolf and Cub movies, starting with 
hey anybody wanna form a drama troop 
#RestInPeaceLorraineWarren Thank u for share your stories with the world in the Movies #TheConjuring. I love you 
On top of being pumped up, Arnold had a lot to learn for the 'Conan' movies: sword fighting, camel riding, rope and… 
"#MaxMinghella's directorial debut is an exhilarating musical drama that understands why music is so compelling."… 
Now... if Dane wins DE and nominated Este.... that might be some drama.  but that's the only semi-intense thing I… 
If you know the job you're working on isn't the job for you, then why aren't you planning your next move? - 
Rent or purchase High on the Hog on today! #highonthehogfilm 
6 years ago today... April 19, 2013 was prolific for #Horror films, particularly #witch movies! We got Holla II (sa… 
So next week is double eviction.... and I predict it will be yet another very anti climatic DE. I'm mostly bummed a… 
Mom won’t even let me watch R rated movies. I’m not allowed to read her books either. I only read th… 
Reasons I'm not responsible lol:I just spent like $70 on 13 Marvel movies lmaooooooooooooo 
Talking during movies in the US is considered rude, but laughing, cheering, clapping, etc all happen… 
Breaking video news: ‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" via NYT #movies #films 
Have you heard of #Stikbot are pose-able robot figures with suction cups on their hands and feet which al… 
Drama series, can think of suits, top of my head. 
"‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" by RACHEL SALTZ via NYT The New York Times 
CHRISTMAS I could literally live in a world where it was Christmas all the time. I constantly quote Christmas movi… 
"‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" by RACHEL SALTZ via NYT 
From NY Times: "‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" 
"Star wars movies are for children"Nope.Didn't use to be like 
DRAMA QUEEN 
Aham, drama ne 
Earth's Mightiest Heroes Are In A Bad Mood In New #AvengersEndgame Images - 
Yea he has his own production company. Which makes good movies. Full stop. 
Movies Streaming on Criterion Channel to Help You Become the Ultimate Film Snob #TVGuide… 
Exactly. Like a lot of the 70's &amp; 80's movies had. 
Look, I bought this amc pass, I’m going to the movies any chance I get. With or without someone 
come back, I haven't seen any drama around giveaways not being sent recently and… 
This subscription is really a big joke. They just want to charge extra money even I already paid my mem… 
My coworker basically called me lame for going to the movies by myself. He said that’s on some “cat lady stuff” like what? Lol 
I remember those days.  We used to love having TUE &amp; WED off. Nothing was crowded. There was a lo… 
Yea mine definitely was NOT movie form HOWEVER I know there are movies going to be made about… 
 : spent family time today and had lots of good food so I’m really happy!! also settled some major stuff and… 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War $10 each &amp; More 
Just talking about fandom drama (the KOTOR series rumors have the sharks circling as per usual.) 
Lol I like watching movies about wars and Romans history,so to me it was obvious I’ll like it 
It enables abortions, hence the drama. 
So, #TheLastDriveIn has gotta be zombie movies, right? 
It's a reason why they don't put to many of us in movies based in the future. Orwellian forecasting. 
I see some of the babymama drama my homeboys go through &amp; lord have mercy COULDNT BE ME 
Due to this electoral drama we the people of South Kashmir are continuously being stopped from the internet. So why… 
Kanti you’re not meant to actually give them the movies? 
never told anyone, but selena was one of my favorite movies growing up  
Now playing at Prairie Cinema! 4/19/19 #movies #datenight #LaLlorona… 
Movies are written by the writers as the actors perform. 
Had to pick Lydia up from school yesterday because she was running a fever. She still has a fever this morning &amp; th… 
Mind you, these are not my usual actions by NO MEANS! On average I’m listening to drama before I even try to start… 
I never said I support that either, I’m just saying there’s a better way to go… 
If you can’t get over the stupid drama that appears to be happening and just fucking ignore it as you… 
Sure &amp; I'd put Winter Soldier in the same category, but IMO most of the "… 
It's what they do. They're being given alot of rope. Soon is going to pull them up short. D… 
I still want refer an actual disc, but it is going all digital. Kind of sucks because I like… 
Make Sure that You arevoting with your Walleton all financial decisions...Dont go to Hollywood Liberal's movies… 
He sounds like a high school drama queen. 
No that's not true, I criticized Bush earlier. I agreed with Obama when he said that the p… 
Now playing at Elkader Cinema! 4/19 3:30pm show today don't miss Sunday 4/21 NO 1… 
Since when does someone like Beiber and/or his followers, watch something intellectual like… 
They are all bad. He probably Finances his own movies 
Comic book movies are for children, you jackass. 
Field of Dreams (4K UHD Digital Film) $4.99 via Apple iTunesThumb Score: +6Apple iTunesFor those interested… 
Watch Easter Holiday Movies!SHOWING TODAY:"Iniquity"- Enjoy the plot twists and turns, as a top l… 
Don’t care what you say, The Kingdom is one of the best modern day war movies there is. 
I'm working on that too. I think 15 movies or so are missing here...Norman is so very… 
twilight movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
I be tryna get this nigga to watch scary movies with me and she gts every time Ima start pouring water on her 
Kathleen Kennedy Doesn't See #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker As An End - 
I wanna say Eddie too must Life is one of my favorite movies  
I just saw this short woman at the movies with crop leggings, a sweatshirt, wearing a fanny pack(!!!) leading (fast… 
 That really happens?! I thought it was just movies.... 
When ypu see merch for one of your favorite Disney movies (hint v) 
It’s that way with all media at this point. I can barely turn the tv on these days! Soon I’ll be get… 
Now Showing at North Grand Cinema! #movies #datenight #popcorn #lallorona… 
Dinner and movies date with the hubby and my fave pizza! Classical vegetarian from debonairsoffical_sa #pizza… 
I know some think super teams and all the drama are fun, but it bores me to death.  Haven't watched… 
 I’m right here all this drama tho  
I’ll deff give it a chance bc I’ve always loved the chucky movies. 
Hobbs &amp; Shaw looks better than any of the Fast &amp; Furious movies. Tyrese was just hating 
Ok no movies tonight. 
Who says punk is dead? 
Omg I Stan and after that viewing party. Hilarious! So the goal to #daddywest heart is tequila a… 
all of this ex oomf drama is just about likes 
"Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and 4 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
#LTNFamily will also be showing Korean and Turkish drama serials, dubbed in Urdu language for the Pakistani audienc… 
For you coz you like drama 
what is this ex oomf drama is this another clout nonsense 
The STVD Podcast is back with an totally insightful and truly delightful discussion on “Winterfell”, the S8 premier… 
#hellboyandthebprd would be a fantastic show in the right hands. Better than ANY of the movies. 
drama free, if you don't like me? oh well. 
‘The Curse of the Weeping Woman’ film review: Old tricks and a sliver of a premise 
I heard someone say that Marvel is better then DC. That may have been true, until Marvel made a million and one movies. (Of the Averages) 
Rent or purchase High on the Hog on movies today! #highonthehogfilm #packittight 
Way to go, Chris! 
Don't be one of those people who talks/gossips about folks failures more than you do their successes!!! Don't be o… 
If something doesn't happen it's probably not going to end well. He'll try and main… 
After Eid, #LTNFamily is bringing reality shows specifically for their female audience. Also, here's the teaser of… 
This feels like plot of one of those body-swap movies I loved so as a child. I am going with it. 
This is a virtual "scratch off poster" that I knocked together in my spare time for fun.  Have a play and let me kn… 
I blame Marvel movies and the Big Bang Theory. 
It might be a little silly to be crying over the fabric in my closet... but I’m probably going to keep doing so eac… 
I also love Chewbacca, so I hated Solo. As for the rest, I have to make a special effort to go t… 
One of the best movies ever! 
I always show up late to the family functions.. miss all the early drama, food be ready, everybody usually bout to… 
Update Includes: Elected Officials &amp; Appointed Members, Regional Economic Development of Eastern Idaho (REDI), and… 
To Maye musk happy birthday your the best lady who deserves nothing but the best on her birthday .Thank y… 
Yall looooveeeee some drama up in here!! 
Top Five Double FeaturesThis week, if you are going to the movies, why not make it a double feature!?… 
Batman versus wolverine. What did u think of the illusionist? Similar movies to come out at the same time. 
One of the greatest movies about Christ I've ever seen. Not for the faint of heart though,… 
I know right..Sheryl keeps it Real without all the drama.. 
I agree, I love Doctor Strange in the movies I just am sad about the casting. I know the comics did it first 
'what if the game had a sense of DRAMA....and GENERATED dialogue based on your free form decisions!!' its called a gm 
And...?(UGH, just like a good drama writer to leave her audience hanging.) 
There's so much drama in this godly family sometimes  I just convinced Hades to let Persephone stay with her mothe… 
I think it may be somewhere between those two points. Ruffalo wanted to do an movie arc about how the… 
Sexual #Harassment in Corporate America – Not Just TV Drama 
Two the things that help can US soccer/football:1. Merit based major/premier/1st divi… 
Idk if you tweet these yourself, or an advocate, but your tweets really, truly give me perspective, and… 
Omg I want your movie collection I have some of his movies but I need them all  
The journey continued with 2/3 of the Iron Man trilogy!! Did not realize the movies only took place 6 months apart.… 
#TheCurseofLaLlorona (2019) Full Movie#TheCurseofLaLlorona 2019 Full MovieThe Curse of La Llorona Full Movie 2019… 
it's been out for a very long time.  You have to start with the movies.  Robert Duval and Tommy Lee Jones stars. 
I’m comic book illiterate and I want to get caught up so I can watch End Game. What order and movies are required watching before seeing it? 
A few real gems among these most anticipated films of the year according to #cinemacon2019 #cinemacon #cinema  
All this rain makes me wanna do is cuddle up, watch movies &amp; eat pizza  
such as people who expect children to be church quiet during Disney movies 
I am unable to book a ticket through online option on mobile app despite of having 4… 
Believe it it was drama, it's the 2nd time I experience such 
The left one looks more mysterious and interesting to me. However the right could work f… 
Alien farmhand gets new, dangerous job, deals with family drama, prejudice, and strengthens friendships. 
Go follow our Facebook page #podcast #anchor #facebook #movies #comics #EntertainmentNews #GoodFriday 
Cross-Builder drama tonight at 5 and 7pm 
The Curse of La Llorona (also known as The Curse of the Weeping Woman in some markets)[3] is a 2019 American supern… 
Younger Season 6 Gets June Premiere on TV Land — Watch Announcement and Get Scoop on Liza's 'New Normal' -… 
I 100% blame my family (both mom &amp; dad's side) for how unemotionally emotional I am. Like I cry over animals dyin… 
Lol NASA is a .. .. You know, bc you don't know or understand the large scientifically advanced vocabulary they dic… 
5 movies done.  
I'd rather hang out at the movies. 
I'm so sad to hear this news. If I wanted to be scared, I didn't watch horror movies. Instead, I would read the The… 
Two the things that help can US soccer/football:1. Merit based major/premier/1st division league (pr… 
CGI Movies.. Dragons Tales.. Future Reversion Technology.. Genetic Engineering.. Deep Space.. Music Re… 
You watch a lot of movies 
Is it the same #Shazam reviewer complaints as China, in that now they want just big-budget superhe… 
#LTNFamily drama serials are uniquie and based on inspiring stories that will keep you glued to the screen. 
Today's Throwback: The Wolf Man (1941) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A practical man returns to his homeland… 
Apparently it’s just clout drama,,, boring 
i hate how it ended but they definitely need to make another season of this drama 
Eat Dinner at the Movies at Alamo Drafthouse | Best of Brooklyn with Rachael Ray 
With a small chuckle, Lucifer sat up, still in the throne, but moving from his comfy position to t… 
A day of films 
For you to understand quantum physics, google names of movies that explore that, I.e the matrics... th… 
Bret was clearly on the way down. He said that in his book. WCW offered big money for wrestli… 
Up next in our Movies at the Orpheum Series (sponsored by The Fugitive (June 21), Angels in the Outfiel… 
 i haven’t even seen it yet . Damn i thought it was gone be good . I love scary movies  
New podcast, new guest, and new reviews of Canadian Bacon, Mercy Black, Swimfan, and Gone Girl!  
Ava brings us a powerful true crime drama series like no other with the story of the Central Park Fi… 
All the villains in movies are coded as such by having visibly-deformed skin, with scars or pustul… 
Hey MPW listeners! I've got April's edition of MPW's "Lost Episode" coming at you next week! But in the meantime, I… 
Carly Rae jepsen’s album drops the same day as drama banquet so I can’t wait to celebrate the end of my theatre car… 
Movies are doing business because good script not on your words... pls don’t miss unders… 
Thought would post another step by step posts for you today. How to draw  a cute penguin. Couple of cool penguin mo… 
I have a lot of draw backs when it comes to social media but one thing I appreciate is that the sen… 
What if Air Bud had rabies (in all the movies ) 
From a weekend far far away from the joins me to talk about Star Wars Celebration! We ta… 
Expect the opening scene to be dark. 
They want drama, yeah, well go get the Draco 
I never read Fifty Shades of Grey or saw any of the movies  I want to stay authentic. I learned everything I needed… 
Off topic, but that is one of our family’s favorite movies. We watch it every year o… 
GThai Movie 3: The Beach 
Someone Great starring is now on Netflix! Fuller list of Netflix new releases this week… 
Odds Released On Which Heroes Are Most Likely To Die In #AvengersEndgame - 
I easily made it through those movies and I enjoyed the length!#ReleaseTheSnyderCut 
SO WE'RE COUGHT UP IN DRAMA 
Totally agreed. They'll have to answer questions about him nonstop too for weeks. Their dow… 
we met at the movies that’s why we love going there  
I think there are books that accomplish this, of course at the moment I’m drawing a blank for an examp… 
where were you for 8 years prior? You think this is something new in Pres. admins? Laughable targeted drama!  
Much happier being —-&gt; no stress, no drama, no hate. 
Am I the only one who realizes that Russia never really expected Trump to win and just wanted to creat… 
I voted for #VotePower on is my favorite TV show 
Via the Movies and Hip Hop... 
Maybe the only way to tolerate political discussions is to view them as scenes/plots from horror movies... clearly… 
Passionista shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama! #buynow… 
This bitch rlly needs stop making drama or I will yeet a chair up her ass 
superhero movies are targeted at kids and you should expect kids to be in the audience 
It’s interesting to see how movies and television’s attitudes towards onscreen workplace harassment have changed in the last ten years. 
me, mocking this while watching movies in 4x speed: 
I think the film quality is higher and the color correction/lighting is m… 
Donny is the DRAMA QUEEN AND Sarah is THE DOG FACED BOY 
Pancakes and horror movies..  Just missing you between my thighs 
I’ve done beyond trying it . I live for it . I love it . My staunch aunt once rocked u… 
He just causing hella female drama then backing out of shit like he aint doing it talking to the fe… 
You seem to think this about a lot of films. No, we don’t need anymore movies. We don’t need sequels or reboots or… 
LOT cause they can still make hella movies off of that shit 
I can’t stand his movies 
Everyone on MJ is LYING, everyday.  They're drama queens too. 
 that’s literally how you’ll know you found the right girl? You:Jesus?… 
Here are the Top blockbuster movies coming out in 2019.Hollywood movies fans must read this 
What’s happened I’ve missed the drama haha 
Happy 73rd birthday, Tim Curry! — You can tell a lot about someone based upon which movies they know Tim Curry from… 
If we're sharing, my grandma and I used to do allnighters watching horror movies most nights when I w… 
Nah, he’s right. I don’t take my kid to the movies or on planes. It’s not right I ruin the paid experience of other people. 
Here's your bulletin for Friday, April 19th. Your plans for the evening are set! Lewis and Clark Auditorium at 7 pm… 
Nothing really except the claim of FPJ's legacy which is also non-existent.  I think it as his father's legacy of e… 
Now I just want to know at what event the Marine Corps band is going to being playing this movie med… 
What I did like about the Naruto movies is based on where they went, they adjusted to th… 
#FF Turning your favorite romance novels into movies. 
I know you watch a lot of Disney movies.Natalie Certain 's "Heck of a win" kept playing in my head. … 
You don’t need to subpoena - grandstanding BSer!!!  S.C. Mueller already stated that… 
I was thinking more like junior high level! #Drama  
Merle Haggard - It's All In The Movies #TheHubb 
It’s all these ineffective unknowns that always try to bring drama to the party. Hamba kahle Zolile. 
Game of Thrones Season 8, Episode 2 Full StreamingPlaynow  Date : 2019-04-21Genre :… 
Guess who is this character? He is from Shiz Oh Network and has his own two movies.If anyone answer the question… 
Jonah Hill &amp; Leonardo DiCaprio Have Dropped Out of Clint Eastwood's 'The Ballad of Richard Jewell' - About the secu… 
Vantage point still one of the best movies I've ever watched 
We would also like to point out that, unlike in all those Mafia movies, it genuinely is nothing personal. 
10 Famous Movies Audiences Got Right But Critics Got Wrong 
10 Great Movies To Watch When You Need a Good Laugh 
A slap back was enough not that too much drama  
Eh. We don’t see a lot of enterprising, strong, and successful women. Music has women, but Beyoncé… 
Movies this weekend.  
The 12 Marvel movies you need to see to make the most of ‘Avengers: Endgame’ next 
I swear I don’t love the drama, but dad does. 
RT This photo of and at the end of #BadBoysForLife's shoot is one for the age… 
She lives for this shit. If there is drama she is super happy. 
I think the Amazing Spiderman movies ask an interesting question of “Can Andrew Garfield play a convincing Peter Pa… 
US | AU |CA |NZ |UK users can have free Access to MOVIES, Music, E-books by simple sign up… 
Will cook and watch movies  
With this  on going Drama.Putin knew,wanted and must be happy. Corporate clk is playing her card… 
Exactly. The news depresses. Movies lack quality these days. Music is y escape ( old schools, mostly) 
11 Ways the Avengers Could Defeat Thanos in 'Endgame' - Geek 
I'll deal with the drama phambili hunny.  
I guess Emma is a controversial figure of sorts? Iunno I saw some drama with her but then forgot what it was about lol. 
Jensen's performance always are so pawerful that he make us feel we are there...I always said it, without him the s… 
1. Top Gun2. Half Baked3. Happy Gillmore/Billy Madison I quote those movies daily 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War, Captain America: Civil War $9.99 Each &amp; M… 
Tjerr!even drinking is much cheaper..No wonder young people embrace drinking as their main form of soc… 
This is a day to stay in and chill .. watch movies play games with ya kids, friends, significant other .. maybe hav… 
SKIN Official Trailer (2019) Jamie Bell, Drama Movie HD 
What are your top three movies of all time? 
another day, same drama 
I loved "Little Woods" when I saw it at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November, and put it on one of… 
Oh Wade! 
I am pleased to unveil Park Ranger Radio - A new MONTHLY Companion Podcast to the Twitch Channel where there will b… 
Who else is in drama for no reason....ME!!! Ugh I hate it  
100 movies - 100 days - Day 6 
 so many movies msizi  
Man, I went to sleep soundly after Healy’s second HR. Didn’t know I would miss a ton of drama. 
Just don't play any Rogers and Hammerstein soundtracks from movies th… 
Hi, I'm Raymond. My pup's name is Nova Maria and she's 5 years old.I hosted a podcast with my good… 
Got to work with the generous, kind &amp; funny Tracie Thoms &amp; Danny Pino. Airs May 1st. ......#Gone wgnamerica… 
This show is going to be AMAZING!!! Don’t miss production of Hairspray the Musical May 2-5! 
Im disappointed in Ty Hill not because of his situation legally. But because this girl causes him soooo much drama smh 
Then we would have been robbed of one of the greatest sports movies of all time 
One of my all time favorite movies. 
Ok but can we talk about that, yes, the Twilight movies were not to good and corny af, but that all the Cullen’s ha… 
I do sorta wonder what my experience would have been if I'd only watched Avengers and the Rocket Raccoon movies. 
Street racing has and will never be the plot of the FF movies. This movie is also a spin off. 
"So let me get this straight...every time I buy a good, the government takes money from:- My…" — Obama_Drama 
If I don't end up watching Pet sematary in theaters, I'll definitely be renting it from a box. SO yall bett… 
The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’ 
First Look At Scooby-Doo In Upcoming Reboot Scoob Revealed - 
It is amazing to me that so many seem ignore that all Russia expected was to create as much drama as pos… 
Maybe I'm a moron...but I can't be the only one who believes that the Media(and Democrats) are giving th… 
Shazam was fantastic. If DC had been making movies like this for the last decade as Marvel has, Trump wouldn't be p… 
There's this new crop of Christian movies where this little kid (always a boy) dies for a bit and then comes back t… 
Dear english voice over on a korean drama is a massive NO! Takes away the authenticity of the drama and… 
New post: Here’s What You Need to Know About the Mueller Report, and Why More Drama Is on the Way 
I still have 2 or 3 more Episodes of the critically acclaimed which is one of the best live Super H… 
When I was a young kid my Dad always loved  horror movies, and he had this one on vhs. The cover for… 
List based on wikipedia's article of upcoming movies for May 
Chris Hemsworth Admits He Was Underwhelmed With The #Thor Movies Before Ragnarok - 
RIP to the iconic #LorraineWarren. Ed &amp; Lorraine Warren had an incredible life story. Influencing the world's paran… 
As long as Liberals are watching Sound of Music this weekend, they also need to add to their list of Must-see movie… 
How often do you buy clothes? — Not very often, especially since thia bitch just wasted a BUNCH on money on Marvel… 
That makes WAY more sense! Haha. I can't wait for the last movie - the whole "one book, two movies"… 
Just found out all Might Duck movies are on HBO Go. This is a Good Friday!! 
With all that drama and tension?  girl bye. 
"The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT 
It’s quite fitting to have a collection of movies adjacent to my poster! 
"The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT The New York Times 
Well the first 2 movies were horrible, they had to do something 
Watch After 2019 Full Movie Uncut  Online Free StreamingSTREAM NOW!________++     ++______WATCH After Full… 
I wonder if he really said that or it's just for drama. 
Thought of the day: they just don't make kids movies like they did in the 90s. Mighty Ducks and D2 are timeless classics! #90skid 
Yep, great article. This is why shorting Mall stocks was such an obvious thing. Can't go to malls anywhere.… 
Bring nothing but your pussy and your perfume 
NEW Do You Like Apples! This week we hit one of my personal genre faves, the gangster movie. 
Good movies shitty human 
Read this, and you'll know exactly whose movies or TV shows NOT to watch. and many more. 
Naughty Berry shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama!… 
Us swooping in to defend Carrie when there’s drama on the timeline 
Breaking video news: The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" via NYT #movies #films 
Ha! I don’t even like Soda and yes! I’m down for the movies!  
From NY Times: "The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" 
Watch movies 
"The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT… 
Declassify and put it behind us. It's time and the American people deserve to know and end this drama! 
What Team Windows Central is watching, reading and listening to this week 
Do what?Show a trend where the… 
 you like drama yaz 
truth? I'll probably sneak off to the movies wearing a pair of dark shades. 
Chrissy Metz drama can’t be saved #entertainment 
Here's What You Need to Know About the Mueller Report, and Why More Drama Is on the Way via… 
“Journalists” patting themselves on the back for 2+ years of collusion drama based on “anonymous” sources is the fi… 
Not everybody likes these movies… 
He was wrongfully accused of colluding with Russia and everything he did was just an attempt to save himse… 
Want to win a copy of Uncanny X-men #132?? Watch my latest video where I talk about X-men and the MCU making sweet… 
He looks like the ideal man - sophisticated, kind, good looking and with a good sense of humour, judging by the smi… 
These lifetime movies b craaaaaaaazy.  
#Movie "The Missing Screenwriter" (2012) 
‘It will be a superlative love story’: Vishnu and Bibin 
And the drama and theatrics shows continue while Crooked walks  
This is the best doctors appointment ever. The waiting room drama is out of control. 
One of my favorite movies, holy shit. 
‘Breakthrough’ review: Chrissy Metz drama can’t be saved 
My boss texted me this morning and told me not to come into work because they’re dealing with drama from the corporate office  
The 2019 Chubbuck Movies in the Park will start Friday July 12, 2019. Thank you to this year’s generous local spons… 
On the Mount Rushmore of overrated, he gets the GW spot. Horrid movies, even more horrid “person.” 
The 11 best #AvengersEndgame theories, according to 
'True Romance' is the rare instance of a Quentin Tarantino movie that benefited from not having him direct.… 
A girl made fun of me in 2nd grade for being really excited for Spiderman 3 because it was "dumb little kids stuff"… 
One of the coolest movies of all time... and I was lucky that it came out shortly after I had started learning how… 
Galaxy Of Terror: Movie Review - Sci Fi Horror Movie -  #exploitation #grindhouse #movies #WTvF #weird #cultcinema 
Did you know: circulation of digital items accounted for around 16% of our #library circulation in 2018 with 1.34 m… 
See who is talking a traitor who wants to do Tukday of India #because of election he doing this drama #we know how… 
Lol I normally study watching movies ,I gat,I gat this  
The epic historical drama #PETERLOO is now playing at #PlazaFrontenac! Buy tickets here now:… 
“Standout scares!” Get tickets for The Curse of #LaLlorona now! #SignInAndSave now through #EXTRAS:… 
Watched Serenity last night and I needed time to gather my feelings after they killed the African American gentlema… 
From container plantings, hanging baskets, vertical gardens, and tiered gardens, hanging succulents offer low-maint… 
Stream these 12 movies to celebrate Easter, Passover, and the rebirth of spring. 
Russell Wilson makes $35M a year on average now... why don’t you every complain about athletes? What… 
If you're into film, give Lindsay Ellis and Jenny Nicholson a shot. Lindsay Ellis made two videos abou… 
oh my goodness. one of the girls I watch has been awake since 8:15 and asked for a muffin then changed her mind to… 
So gay people on fiction are okay, it just has to be completely in the author's mind and invisible to the… 
I often wonder if CNN writers are actually failed Hollywood scriptwriters. They must be in a contest to write the n… 
i totally agreee!!! even though im afraid of blood, i love to see it in movies. hshdhshs. it's so nice… 
Is there a medical TV show or drama that you love to watch?  Share yours below! 
Honor to meet Celicia Baca of Celicia' Cafe in #downtownabq and tried their amazing #breakfastburrito for the first… 
Baby Boy one of my favorite movies. Yvette was hilarious 
Friday’s Reading: There is a full, ‘pink’ moon rising tonight and with it comes a splash of drama. It’s your typica… 
Haha noo.. jk chn...haha movies like chappie.. real steal.. kingsman secret etc 
The Best New Shows and Movies on Netflix This Week -- Someone Great, Tim Robinson's Sketch Show 
Man such a fucking drama queen right? Soooooo much ideological fueled hate. Lol 
I’m honestly so over all of this drama w the #MuellerReport and if y’all aren’t going to actually impeach him then… 
That great of a series* They are movies for children as always.  These and capeshit shoulda died years ago. 
i hope my friend got a copy of it. hsfhshs. you're into horror movies????? 
Mjhy action movies psnd ha.. drama boring hta ha 
As much as we want that to happen Democrats won’t do it. They won’t do it unless t… 
Today on the blog, I discuss my reaction to watching all 21 current movies in the marvel universe over a span of 21… 
I thought the same. 6 wasn't enough. It never is in the movies. 
We all know the history of Cleveland. They have the Yankees on the ropes there. If they don't come th… 
This is stated here. (Also, just in case since some people think an online conversation is arguing/drama, I… 
after my emontional breakdown after ali signed divorce papers and i am not joking at all my mind te… 
Didnt need to be subpoenaed.  He can look at the complete report. But need the drama so it appears bar… 
I just need a day where I lay on the couch with a friend, watch movies, vent, cry, and then eat junk. Also I want h… 
If you’re the type of person who enjoys drama, pettiness, fighting, revenge or any sort of crap like please stay aw… 
Yes!!!!!  Do they just need someone most the girls don’t like for drama?  That’s always been Christy’s position.  
I think I have the movies at home, may be packed away, have to check. For the Manga, I see individual… 
How about we start censoring books meant for adults next? What about movies? Or tv serie… 
Just sick &amp; tried of the drama queen BS! 
Chris Evans Seemingly Confirms A Major #AvengersEndgame Spoiler - 
And that's the other thing.  Marvel and DC are not "all comics."  The manga readers are being repla… 
This one has a list of some of the 700 movies that are prohibited on Good Friday ... no i… 
Republicans are such drama queens 
At 8:43am I’ll review “Breakthrough” and “Missing Link” on with and Two family… 
#FlashbackFriday to when western Louisiana was the lawless frontier and wild, untamed wilderness. Those times shoul… 
I wish I had the wall space.  And like an impulsive collector, I bought oversized lobby posters for GOLD… 
An ongoing drama featuring a strong female protagonist who saves men from the situations they get t… 
Trump’s behavior as outlined in this “report” are fodder for the election. Think he’s unsuitable for office? Make y… 
Make better movies, get better s… 
Check out Mission Impossible M:I:III DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Public blow job and cum - view other horny movies on my account: #cum Public blow job and cum - view other horny mo… 
Apparently the last 8 minutes are crazy. 
You should watch Agents of Shield to get more details. I like the show just because it ties with a… 
Both good picks. Enjoy binging on alcohol and the finest superhero movies available, Twitterfriend. 
"We" on the other side of the wall. This is a movie created/picked by "we" and I was injected as one of t… 
So my question is how is keeping quite and playing along because it helps electorally how is that not… 
The entire Trump/Russia drama fascinates me. Watching both sides is comical. One side is "Here are the facts. Rea… 
Bro........ I just thought about all the shows and Disney channel original movies they’ll have on Disney+ and I got low key excited 
Sometimes I think to myself.. Do people really think before they start drama..? Are they actually using their hea… 
The Cue Plot Device #podcast puts out a lot of bite-sized minisodes. Want us to cover a topic? #Tweet us, we will d… 
I just be chillin....don’t got time for no drama  
Watching this for the 3rd time cos.... so much drama  
Original chucky with evil spirit in him is alot more better than evil chip in new fake of him. Clearly Hollywood gi… 
what is with scooby doo direct to video movies having crazy awesome A-list actors doing their voice work? I just lo… 
We reviewed the 6 new movies available in SA this weekend 
Thank you for everything you’ve done but don’t expect us just to forget about jailbreaking it’s an important part o… 
We have to create our own drama schools outside the establishment. 
The village drama 
another day another I hate how my roomies annoy the hell out of me drama 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost… 
I watch The Amazing Race. I love seeing the challenges contestants go through, the drama between teams and the diff… 
Dm me or email me #wondo55 #fn2s #hollywood #houston #new #djs #clubs #blogs #marathon #mission #midwest #wi… 
#99CENTS! WEBSITE  TRAILER  AMAZON 
If love awful movies then yes what a sequence. Don’t you love… 
Yes I did lol only because I'm off today but the 1st Captain America, Civil War, and all Avengers movies 
Korean Drama: Her Private Life – Episode 1 To Episode 04 (Eng Subtitles) 
Anybody else grow up with these heroes and movies? Particularly #IronMan? A few manly tears. 
Last night’s Easter Drama, The Last Supper, was such a great kick off to our fun Easter weekend! You have one more… 
My family grew up on The Sound of Music and Little Orphan Annie. My American Aunt sent us those two movies to help… 
***Gina Lee Fuentez Show***Do you think it’s ok to give an engagement from a past relationship to your new fiancée… 
There was no drama thats why... They cover drama only 
Wasn’t one of the Insidious movies made about her and Ed starring Vera Farmiga? 
And I’ll add: read ALL of it. Read Volume I. Don’t jump straight to the end because that’s where you think the dram… 
Fun Fact # 34 - One of my all time favorite movies is Girls Just Wanna Have Fun! I could watch it over and over!  … 
From CTmagazine: Today is not day is not about a contrast between a good Jesus and an angry Father. It is, instea… 
Is the person that came up with word "movies" for films the same person that came up with the name for "walkie-talk… 
"A spooky, stylish, spellbinding debut." — opens Friday in select cities* across the country:… 
21 movies in a decade will come to an end in a week. And I swear by all the gods, IF CAPTAIN MARVEL IS THE ONE TO K… 
Worlds greatest dad and the big white were pretty underrated movies of his. They kind… 
Entertaining Easter movies for children: 
How to Use Google Play Movies for Chrome and Chrome OS 
Breakdown is an absolute classic of the movies you end up watching once every two years because it's on after the footy genre 
Imagine having drama with people on Twitter  
I forgot that I had today off work, so I am going to try and get a couple of movies in today. First up, Black Panther. #dwkiimcu 
How true.   Quality is down.  Talent levels are down.  Religious wars are out of control whether with technologies,… 
The Graham Norton Show is frustrating me! I am trying to calculate how many movies I will have to watch to be fille… 
Your move, Marvel. 
Man yall watch DC movies with a mental disposition and its annoying 
MOVIE REVIEW: 'Pet Sematary' should never have been 
How true.   Quality is down.  Talent levels are down.  Religious wars are out of control whether w… 
The one unseen in that beings out the madness in us all. (The people the make the movies and shows but… 
Even tho they were terrible, the two reboot movies are on Netflix with Knoxville and Scot… 
Also I feel like I should point out that THERE ARE 6 PARANORMAL ACTIVITY MOVIES. That's 5 too many. 
Wow I thought you were dead. Turns out you're just brain dead. So sad to see people I used to enjoy in… 
DM for your wwe ticket for affordable price and also your concert shows and movies 
you can use my netflix login! #byebrian. You might see lots of d porn movies under “continue watching… 
10 movies that everyone is streaming right now 
About to enjoy “Travis &amp; Grant go to the movies” 2019 
It makes me mad when people shit on movies like this but fucking love ongoing movies like Paranormal Activity or Insidious. 
Are you a member of Drama Club in Orgsync? Maryville is switching platforms entirely and we've been asked to do som… 
Top 10 Iconic Horror Movie Weapons with Their Movies #horror: Here is a list of the most recognizable horror movie… 
Have you not seen the Harry Potter movies? I have one left. They’re great. The books are obviously… 
New favorite crime drama series - Brokenwood mysteries 
Think I wanna go to the movies tonight 
#NewRelease! “Kids can get hungry sometimes while on chemo,” says five-year-old Sammy. 
Movies and school work later 
So has music channels as well as tv and movies. This will be a welcome addition to my listening options at work. 
Lionsgate, the studio behind ‘Hunger Games’ movies, struggles in shifting Hollywood currentsJoe Drake, the chairm… 
Discord drama is the strangest drama. 
Hiking or watching movies with my husband and kids, or being alone and writing. 
Another year of MAHA artists being released and another year of not knowing who any of them are and another year of… 
Kevin Smith Says A Batman Beyond Movie With Michael Keaton Would Make $1 Billion 
So excited to see you live on twitter. You are al… 
The Maya Angelou Interview Beyoncé Uses In Homecoming Trailer 
Here's a Match Preview for ya against Cardiff.Take the Bluebirds behind the woodshed. No drama. Old Yeller treatment. 
It’s drama central on that app. 
I remember doing this piece for my drama prac exam  
Deep State Propaganda not news. Really has become like Truman Show.   Everyone playacting t… 
Movies With Mum  --- movie this weekend is "SCHOOL OF ROCKS"movie link:… 
#ff no cool movies out this weekend  I wish was open in #stl cant wait til you guys open !!! Arrr #best movie theater!!!! 
Literally hardly any drama is delt with on a daily basis. 
California, the great state that is home to Hollywood movies and more. Yet the democratic state has the most shit o… 
Honestly the movie literally threw me for a whirl cause I didn't know where it was going really. There w… 
My favourite part of Horror Movies is the first 20 minutes when everyone is just hanging out and having a good time… 
A little drama, but nothing much- So sorry to hear about your Nana- how did you hold up during your son… 
I need him in more movies. He’s on “god friended me” now but it’s a small part. 
Movies that premiered on April 19: Assault on Precinct 13 (1978) Fast Five (2011) Fracture (2007) Mystery Scien… 
Pixar’s progress on pets - Toy Story vs Toy Story 4 (24 years difference) #Movies #TV 
Nearly two years after exiting ABC's fairy tale drama #OnceUponaTime, the actress has signed on to star in the… 
Nope, way too much drama chief 
This why I’m single. No need for drama and problems and a extra bill. Shit ain’t worth it. 
Let's get popcorn and watch this drama unfold. We're ready for the shoe on the other foot… 
I didn’t get an allowance  but they did take me out to movies, dinner or shopping for few things if I brought a good report card. 
LOL, I assumed you blocked her. They didn't make any sense really as to why they were giving you shit. P… 
How horror movies should be made. 
Stream these 12 movies to celebrate Easter, Passover, and the rebirth of spring 
Reminder, if we're currently in the middle of a series of movies, we don't know how it ends yet. Stop throwing arou… 
A all digital Xbox One S without a bigger internal storage and lose the ability to play blu-ray movie… 
This is it for the original six. 
Runs house was a dope reality show thou, no drama, wholesomeness all around, ofcos excluding the part where he was… 
Aaaah, love putting on the TV and one of my favourite movies is on... PS I Love You. 
He saved his mum name as drama queen hahaha 
Gents this was the same argument when 3rd Ump… 
#read: "The Buddhist Within: The art of Buddhism for everyday..." #NonFiction #drama ... 
Just because your living room, bedroom, dining room, etc. is small, that doesn’t mean it can’t also be dramatic. La… 
I never got to watch Tsotsi....Plus all the Harry Potter movies. 
Best New Shows and Movies on Netflix This Week -- Someone Great, Tim Robinson's Sketch Show… 
I am the Dolan of creating drama 
City of Heroes Drama and the general lack of interest I have in it. 
Exactly!!! I hate this types of movies. 
Go for it. Live for the drama 
A lier once said :              Isang episode matutulog na talaga           And at the end she ended the whole ni… 
OK BUT LIKE I'm still TERRIFIED of the original movies. Every time I see a figurine or one of the movie… 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost - Android Central via 
The the most admirable characters we read about in books or watch in movies are valued and remembered for their fla… 
Just like my puppy interferes with my garden plants, drama in humans causes failure to sprout, grow, and thrive. Wh… 
One of my all time fav childhood movies. 
Well, yeah. People signed up because it was $10 a month to see unlimited movies in the t… 
I just watched The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003) #trakt 
Drama queen parte 2 
Feelin cute, might delete later. #SignInAndSave now through #EXTRAS foe tickets to #DisneynaturePenguins:… 
Nina was the winner, Silky won for drama reasons. 
Lionsgate, the studio behind ‘Hunger Games’ movies, struggles in shifting Hollywood currents 
I want movies to download  
Volume 1!The obstruction moves -- with all the drama,  "I'm f--ked", Sanders, etc. -- provide a roadmap to Congres… 
It was a very fitting instrument for both movies! 
“4 Reasons you should be at tonight”1. All the IPA beer and craft signature cocktails. 2. 80/9… 
Y’all must’ve never had in high school because some of y’all seem to not get how CC works..… 
I pay them no attention. Don't need their drama or whatever it is going on with them two. 
On Thursday we asked, “Which famous movie star and singer is listed as Norma Jeane Mortensen on her birth certifica… 
I feel like if you watch action movies with no expectations they away 
LMAO!!! Nothing much else happened with comic book movies that day except a trailer that got released s… 
I really do. without the drama. 
When there's someone in your friend group causing drama and ruining plans BC they are a child and they don't know h… 
GThai Movie 1: Four Seasons 
I don't get why not just be upfront Cuz that saves a whole lot of drama to begin with  
Spoilers lie ahead. 
That's because his ratings depend upon this mess continuing.  His show reminds me of the Twilight… 
Akshay Kumar's number of successes &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Aamir Khan total movies.Aksha… 
Just watched the #bumblebee movie with my boys and I must say it was totally worth our while. A beautiful asexual m… 
Monologues &amp; Scripts for Film &amp; Stage #actorslife  
The Godfather movies. 
Rear Window is my fave  one of my brothers bought me a lovely velvet box set with about a dozen Hitchcock movies a few years ago. 
If you had to pick one of these movies to watch every day, what are you picking? 
We saw that at the movies, it’s great. We’ve just got Thir Ragnarok and Infinity War to go. Tickets… 
Nothing wrong with watching kids movies, except maybe when you are the only person in their fifties s… 
Movies opening this weekend. Get out and support your local theatre. #FridayNightAtTheMovies 
1.5 M is really tough!! People aren’t watching in theaters  more now!! Last couple of years Free… 
Last night I was at for a screening of Spellbound in glorious 35mm. Check out other #Movies being p… 
But where do I put my games and movies? 
Simon Pegg &amp; Nick Frost's Horror-Comedy ‘Slaughterhouse Rulez’ Finally Gets US Release Date - May 18, 2019… 
This tweet proves that Chaturvedi had already planned to switch. All the goons was a big drama. 
Movies later 
I have been begging for a random option forever, but for movies. For TV it’s going to be hit or miss depending on t… 
How present day Kids like the ghost/horror movies ? #Kanchana3 
Guardians of the Galaxy. I genuinely enjoy these movies, even though I remain disappointed with what they've done w… 
If this were a scripted dramatic series, we could do no better than to keep the villain just the ri… 
I am the Hyojin of creating drama 
Cannes: Thierry Fremaux on the Lineup’s Record Number of Female Directors, American Cinema and Political Films… 
So I was in college during the early 2000’s and the a new mom in the 2010’s so I missed a lot of movies and tv. Wat… 
Your party already had the support of those believers in your warped drama, but as for the rest of A… 
I still remember being utterly entranced by the original comics, which I came across at a CNA in Cres… 
So the F&amp;F spinoff is fun if you enjoy movies that just don't care? Excellent! 
So chick flicks are not softcore porn movies for dusty housewives and soccer moms? 
Come here, and let’s watch some movies ;) 
 they not suppose to mourn him, suppose this week is about praising and remembering what the Lord… 
Do these people on Moja love get paid for showing their family drama? 
Infuriating but not surprising interview.  Focussing on micro-… 
I don’t understand why any reds gives a shit… 
"Field of Dreams" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
"Ad:" 2018 Wacky Packages Go to the Movies Fantasy Film #4 Volde-Mort's Salt - NM-MT  fly… 
He's gorgeous. He makes me want to go to the movies.  And I want to take him 
Hello world  !  I’ve been experimenting with logos, &amp; I need help #TeamIsaacKennedy.  I’m not sure I’m sold on thi… 
With 'Homecoming' Beyoncé is taking her place in history 
On-screen politico 
It looks like a diffrnt drama from the one they gave us before the break. Wasn't Han Seok Joo a bigs… 
i can't blmae you.she obviously wants emison split for drama and attention to be something she cant ease an… 
Anatomy of a Scene: How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene 
“The book is a film that takes place in the mind of the reader. That’s why we go to movies and say, “oh, the book i… 
Is this how they're titling fast and furious movies now? 
Hoooaw serious? Rented 3 movies but they only made two available  tshe ra lindela 
How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ 
All Twilight movies 
Too little too late... Immediately after being rejected by ya'll; I went down to and got th… 
(9 Inch Portable DVD Player) #MTVBRKPOPBTS on At a Glance…Watch movies anywhere you are on a 9 inch screen with a… 
"Waahh kail talked about us on her podcast" meanwhile they're stalking and trying to start shit with… 
Yes,  cus their lives are drama. Only their fellow can understand. Same as a sport man. 
My officer talks with specific details about Hollywood movies. Actors names/directors etc. All i have to do is say… 
"‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT The New York Times 
"How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT The New York Times 
Believe in yourself and your dreams.Don’t participate in other people’s’ drama.Show #integrity and dignity!… 
"‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT 
"How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT 
Movies  in my blankets  
Beychella and your couch are calling. 
Good To Gold shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama! #buynow… 
Breaking video news: ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" via NYT #movies #films 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler Drama                         
From NY Times: "‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" 
From NY Times: "How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" 
Jackie Sibblies Drury Wins Drama Pulitzer for “Fairview” | Women and Hollywood 
Great local comedies now available on Viu. Catch season 1 of Thandeka's Diary EXCLUSIVE to #ViuPremium customers.… 
Day1of5Food , Movies ,  Cuddles . 
Yes.  Both such great movies. 
Hi Kabelo, movies are distributed to cinemas according to cinema type and the amount of copies we receive… 
They are just over the top action movies and I enjoy them more than I probably should. Over Christmas I re-watched all of them. 
#Movie "Scarlet Moon" (2006) 
We, uh, have already gotten 2 ST movies that respected the legacy characters.... 
‘Dithee’: Ebb and flow of loss 
Flash back Friday. je dois le unfollow partout mm. Years of friendship over with one click. Peace over drama  
nw: seven sundays one of my fave family drama movies 
I want to thank everyone who took the time to watch my recent short film, I appreciate all your kind words and enco… 
Oscar Box Office: ‘Green Book’ Scores While ‘Vice’ Goes Slow After Nominations - TheWrap - 
Guilt is Complicated in The Death Row Drama ‘Trial By Fire’ 
1st, which iteration of CoD? 2nd, how would you differentiate it from like 1 Million other movies based… 
What if the referee actually did his job and stopped the fight in any of the Rocky movies. He never sho… 
access journalism peddling the drama of palace intrigue has its pitfalls 
90 Day Fiance: Happily Ever After drama &amp; divorce threats by Ashley Martson again 
Today's Throwback: The Host (2006) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A monster emerges from Seoul's Han River an… 
Oh lort. All my favorite people.  
And thank you, Ashley. Y'all are too good to me. Here's a little an… 
Well, and reiterating that is just a possibility no matter how big or small, since this s… 
Does anybody remember the drama skit those kids did to “Cool Kids” by Echosmith at Knoxville Winterfest that one year? #exvangelical 
arey asshole, watching your movie. If you want romance and sex movies, have fun with your wife in bedro… 
I’m ticking more marvel movies of the of my list rather than revision topics  
Paper Girls, Black Science and Skywards End - as Sea Of Stars, Unearth, Reaver and Space Bandits Begin in Image Com… 
Before It Was the Biggest Series on Earth, Game of Thrones Was Just Another HBO Drama - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
No. They are different Star Wars movies. There is a no way an opening crawl would work for them 
You can run from your mistakes, but not from your regret. You can play with your drama, but not with your karma. #WomanPower 
light hearted movies make me cry too  
Relaxing and watching Erased on Netflix. I rarely watch English language tv shows/movies anymore...#Erased… 
Considering #Horror Cinema Ep. 005: The Monster Problem, $5 Bargain Bin Gas Station Horror Movies, and Weekend Horr… 
which drama school in jozi? I am currently doing 9 to 5  i don't know if I'll have time 
Very quiet. Rained all day so the girls and I cooked, watched movies and definitely resisted breaking in… 
Donny is THE DRAMA QUEEN 
I Love those real strong men movies. Nothing like having those around. Heart and soul. 
How Jordan Peele subverts the white gaze  
What happened to only watching light hearted movies ? 
I need new bingeworthy Drama/Thrillers on Netflix, Stan or SBS-OnDemand. Anyone got any suggestions? PS I love good… 
Halo finds its Master Chief character in Pablo Schreiner for its live-action TV drama series; adds Australian actre… 
What to watch in netflix? Scrolling through the movies and series for 30 minutes and counting  
It was difficult for her. But still she did this. Great player you are with word… 
Drama is one of the most unattractive things I've ever witness. And y'all be loving the shit. 
New Star Trek Jean-Luc Picard drama series adds Alison Pill, Harry Treadaway and Isa Briones to the cast:… 
Now i have to deal with this drama and deal with myself. 
Thank you Netflix for the 1h30 movies, because these 2h movies, that aren't, Homecoming are an ulcer for my concentration shem. 
Ha !! Interesting !! So ABC must take the best of BBC then !! I love those shows !! I will have a loo… 
Hey, you get awesome visuals of sunshine in movies anyway.  
he's the cutest sis im stanning him from now on! and this is actually his first drama yet he's so good already 
Someone told me love was only in the movies it's dont exist in real life theses days nooooo 
Movies and soccer got me for today till Monday..if I Perish,I perish  
One of my favorite movies of all time! 
It is!! The lead male is smart but he is so low profile, nice &amp; can be careless too while the lead female… 
Saw #kalank last evening. It’s a decent watch,every character has its story with partition drama going in backgroun… 
BRON Studios Hires Alissa Norby As VP Digital Content And Strategy - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Go to drama school. That’s your start 
Normal people, who agree, are able to think ‘good point’ and too content to bother replying. There’s pl… 
Wow, I remember a story about this happen to a family many years ago. Which the family lives were turned upside… 
I am the Gnome God of creating drama 
Sony’s Screen Gems Teams With Ground Control To Launch Horror Lab - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
This is just  one of the many “hang on a second” moments that take me out of otherwise enjoyable movies, and is one… 
Sundance Pic ‘The Sound Of Silence’ Acquired By IFC Films - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
So #WonderPark is one of my favorite movies of 2019, great animation, cute characters and a story that punched me r… 
A dab a day keeps the drama away #happyEaster2019 #Friyay 
Snuggle up with family this weekend! Inspirational movies for R60 each at your nearest CUM Books. Prices valid unti… 
Maybe THAT is part of the OTHER MATERIALS - in addition to unredacted Mueller copy- congress is asking… 
U.S. Soccer Star Hope Solo Subject Of Movie Biopic From ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ &amp; ‘Chasing Coral’ Outfit Argent Pictures -… 
#Movie "Cannes Man" (2011) 
‘Vellai Pookal’ review: From cop to bottom 
Tune in to (161) to watch our very own on Saturday for the Original Mzansi Movies at 19:… 
In the movies we don’t really see him abusing anyone but Nebula until Vormir. We know he makes his children train r… 
Israel has drama 
Movies are really dope 
Today is the perfect day to watch these entertaining #Easter movies with your children. Read here:… 
Catalog Specialist - Amazon Digital Services LLC | Employment LookThe Prime Video team is changing the way people… 
Or if you believe everything in James Bond Movies (I do) it’s “9 eyes” 
If you like cheesy B 90s movies with really bad CGI, you’ll probably like Laserhawk. 
You still have time to watch all the MCU movies before Endgame 
The ending of the awesome film "About a Boy" reminded me this year of how my mom had said a friend's mom reminded h… 
Stories like this one from give us a real #FridayFeeling and show how small grants make a big difference t… 
[MUST SEE] Kickstart your plans for this extra special holiday with 
Drama-comedies are a fave... especially ones about women and their problems  
That is one of the best movies ever. I will be too. 
I am the Harambe of creating drama 
So much juicy drama in #TheRiver1Magic 
Non of the above or I might not even make it to work just Me, books and TV/movi… 
I just wont stand to close to the edge tho I've seen too many movies where niggas fall off the cruise ship 
Look for Don Coscarelli’s book ‘True Indie’ if you’re a fan of his movies. It’s entertaining… 
Avengers: Infinity War is one of the Best MCU Films Yet! : Adam Rants Movies 
how do I get my Twitter idols to watch my favorite movies 
The high walls and fences shouldn’t stop you from fighting for what you believe in.#SaintJudy - book your tickets… 
Our lives are actually movies  highkey 
Now talk about kangana’s disastrous movies? Stop already man, stop it with this hate. If Kangana doesn’t… 
Hope to see this in South Africa also. Seems all movie mags is mostly about superhero movies now...… 
there has been rumours that they do revisit previous movies in endgame, so maybe this is a hint! 
So shocked by the amount of  in films. It’s not right. So I looked it up... 
Wash Day Drama! What the hell was I thinking? #hairwashday #texlaxedhaircare #texlaxedwashday 
Golden Globes 2020 Timeline Set For Shortened Awards Season - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
BCC Coolangatta is loving Easter time at the movies  We will be having Easter egg hunting and kiddie activities… 
Borderlands VO Drama Just Got Juicier – IGN Daily Fix 
Most of my dreams are like movies, when I remember my dreams I think it's a movie I watched I'm dreaming about, but… 
Amazing effort but worried about the off field drama. Anything you can share? 
No, but aamir fan said aamir hv huge stardom in China.They have to believ… 
After 21 movies, the Avengers face round two with the biggest threat their universe has ever 
Cause they named their company after a fruit that only assholes eat in the movies. That's why 
He likes drama like you   
mix drama w emotions and all you have is a whirlwind of misery 
Why does anyone care who his favorite is? Personally I’m a fan of Chewy. Than again I grew up when there was… 
Incredible song and video by new Alternative artist Tyler  
Generally, horror movies don't slap the way they used to. 
I’m the last person in the world to like the ‘fantasy’ genre but the acting in it and the drama is breathtaking! 
Why am i so in love with old movies 
About to watch #LittleMovie  #Movies #ComedyReview to follow... ^CB 
Killing Eve Season 2, Episode 2 Full StreamingPlaynow  Date : 2019-04-14Genre : Crim… 
So show everyone your side, Stop beating around the bush, All this drama Bs needs to end, Grow a pair a… 
I personally think sticking as closely to the source material as possible is important, esp… 
Kya Drama hai..after killing Innocent Balochis what a drama is going on for excape   fATF Black list ing. 
A new movie was added to the media server:Singin' in the Rain (1952) [HEVC · 1080p · Passed · 8.3/10] is now avail… 
A new movie was added to the media server:North by Northwest (1959) [H264 · 720p · Passed · 8.3/10] is now availab… 
Can my love life be like one of those romantic movies . 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War, Captain America: Civil War $9.99 Each ...… 
Shailene Woodley – My favorite movies are movies… ... more 
A new movie was added to the media server:Vertigo (1958) [H264 · 720p · PG · 8.3/10] is now available in the Movie… 
A new movie was added to the media server:H.H. Holmes: America's First Serial Killer (2004) [H264 · 480p · Unrated… 
#Movie "In Enemy Hands" (2004) 
Jane the Virgin Season 5, Episode 5 Full StreamingPlaynow  Date : 2019-04-24Genre :… 
5 Minutes IRISH Gummy Bear Song GAELIC St. Patrick's Day Gummibär Animation, animation movies full movies english,D… 
Cujo would be great! The Stephen King universe in movies is getting so much better. Saw Pet Sematary to… 
Happy Easter, everyone!For a treat, here's Digital Spy's guide to some of the best Easter Eggs in modern film:… 
If you dont think this can be the greatest win for on road away you only dont know all the off-field… 
MOVIE REVIEW: The Kandasamys are back! And it's even better than the first 
There is life after death but when the dead come back, they don’t come back the same. Watch #PetSematary in cinem… 
As I cue Marie J - No more drama 
Ba slow batho ba. Ke ipotsa gore ba palelwa ke eng,when they have movies to guide them  
11 Shades of Cream Eyeshadow for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama! #buynow #eyes #cream #shadow… 
narrative has come up a few times. Drama? I can do that! 
where do the girls in movies find their best friends like my friends barely text me back and those people are basic… 
if we are talking about southerners they show in movies, then certainly the ratio would be less :-P 
Drama queen..omg **eyeroll** 
I really prefer the movies with puppetry and but very curious if #ChildsPlayMovie will be good. Chuckster is my all… 
The Piketberg Bio-scope building was built in the late 1920s. It was one of the first bios in the region. During th… 
// can I be honest I really miss those who I used to rp with, but the evil thing called adulting has taken them a… 
Yeah I know. Mara once in a while tshwanetse go be le drama nyana 
 I love a consistent drama queen. Lolo is the one 
A new movie was added to the media server:Sunset Boulevard (1950) [H264 · 720p · Passed · 8.4/10] is now available… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Once Upon a Time in the West (1968) [H264 · 720p · PG-13 · 8.5/10] is no… 
They just write shows and movies around James Spader. He gets to be himself in different shows 
Couldn't agree more. The only reason I saw it was because Warner Bros sent me a double p… 
Not sure about the grievance but this entire drama was just meant to cushion her dumping the co… 
Watch The Intruder Online Free (2019) Full MoviePLAYING NOW!________++     ++______WATCH The Intruder F… 
Real life drama. Amazing stuff.... the comments are good, too. 
The jocks and the mean cheerleaders!! I love high school movies  
My boyfriend every time I convince him to go to the movies with me  
people in horror movies are too dumb honestly stop visiting grave yards and go to school 
please advice this is for the 2nd time i experience this drama even changed the car and go for another… 
If MCU goes forward with the self centered and zero humor person who is always ready to be triggered (Brie larson)… 
Top story: Mueller report: Revelations of drama, chaos in Donald Trump White House see more 
A new movie was added to the media server:Tom and Jerry Spy Quest (2015) [H264 · 720p · TV-Y7 · 6.4/10] is now ava… 
Watch UglyDolls Online Free (2019) Full MoviePLAYING NOW!________++     ++______WATCH UglyDolls Full Mo… 
People only search for movies they know about, and people on general don't know about the indies as of… 
My place, just woke up. Will be doing some work for my school 3 hours. Then Movies, Soccer training &amp; TV series. 
Psychiatrists raise objection to title of Kangana Ranaut-starrer 'Mental Hai Kya' 
Can control their members because what they are doing is just conpletely unethical.… 
Watch Long Shot Online Free (2019) Full MovieWatch Long Shot 2019 Full Movie Uncut and watch ONline Free Streamin… 
All drama currently happening with regards to the OMTOM is beyond disappointing  
DMing my very first one-off Saturday. I'm so nervous I'm asking a friend to listen to me practice narration.There… 
i just love creating drama/fight scenes in my head ahahahah 
‘Her Smell’: More than enough of hard-rocking Becky with the bad attitude - Chicago Sun-Times 
Pcb is a joke rizwan score 20 point in fitness test he not got selected n unfit player got selected who failed to c… 
You wanted to get out of ashfork sooo bad, yet you tryna keep up with all this petty ash fork drama. hmm typical 
Can someone suggest something to watch on Netflix...  Even subtitled foreign language movies will do...  I've seen… 
I love watching scary movies but I’m such a lil BITCHHHH  everyone needs to go watch la llorona 
God damn, I saw Lone Wolf and Cub trending and I thought we were getting another live action adaptation and got exc… 
Hmmm.... Which one will still work after the apocalypse? I don't remember a lot of self driving cars in t… 
You can come to my place I have new movies on my laptop.  
Hey Drink in the thank you for following me 
Good, we don't need Icardi's drama 
I’m SO angry at Kevin Spacey. Now I’m stuck in the quandary of having loved most of his… 
Nigeria and drama sha, with all this drama i still wonder how people die of depression,when you can tu… 
That wat u see in movies...people not eating after heart break issa lie....I was so hungry I ate n fin… 
You’ve gotta earn the movies, earn them I say! 
Stop this drama asap. 
And how African American roles in movies are given to racially ambiguous women. 
In Theaters April 19, #FastColor #FastColorMovie #TheCurseOfLaLlorona… 
The drama bro ! Gripping stuff  #DaysOfOurEconomicallyFreeLives 
Watching Put Your Head on My Shoulder Drama (8/24) via #MyDramaList 
‘Kanchana 3’ review: A loud, preposterous, offensive horror-comedy 
who is your favorite character from Game of thrones  and The marvel movies? 
Songs for Screens: Lizzo Explains How Synchs Paved the Way for Her Breakthrough - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
You know it’s just a shame, it seems no one in the  administration tells the trut… 
#Movie "Ignition" (2014) 
Who wants to bet there is going to be some unprovoked sociopolitical drama this Easter Sunday? 
Truly..no matter how many movies I watch foreign or local none matches Sarafina. It's that one in a trillion movie 
Top 5 movies 
10 Great Movies about Outsiders 
Just noticed that. They are of Armenian heritage. 
The High Price Of Luring The Movies To Hawaii: The film industry says the state’s $35 million cap on tax credits is… 
On which website do you download movies? 
I'm on Team Thanos (if you've seen the Avengers movies). Less people, less stress on resources but lots… 
You've been warned.  #PetSematary is NOW IN CINEMAS. Get your tickets here 
The wedding of the year! Jodi and Prishen are tying the knot in  Kandasamy's: The Wedding. It promises to be drama,… 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) Full Movie Online Free #Avenger #Movies #2019movies 
Legit local brother who is 10years old, ohhh by the way he was video calling to ask if I will come and s… 
"Forcing" yourself? 
Mel and I flew too close to the sun thinking we could watch 2 marvel movies in one night,,, this is what happens wh… 
Let's go! #feriado ....#holiday #restday #gameofthrones #marathon #maratona #popcorn #films #insta #movies… 
Anyone else ever accidentally walk in on Twitter drama just because the tweets are relatable to one of your situati… 
All of the Blade movies are available on Amazon Prime, let me go ahead and watch the perfection 
Kinda wanna be a YouTuber, know that I am in no way near interesting/drama filled enough to be a YouTubed 
hello, Im in Japan right Now, could you recomend me a place in Tokyo to buy Your books and movies? Thanks 
Indian Psychiatric Society calls Kangana Ranaut-starrer ‘Mental Hai Kya’ posters in poor light, writes to CBFC  
‘Mehandi Circus’ review: A simple, effective love story  
New at the movies: Aretha Franklin in concert, Robert Pattinson in space, a demon in L.A. - Milwaukee Journal Senti… 
My DC Universe Movies ranking favorites via 
Y’all niggas STAY looking for drama 
I love rewatching these movies man. 
#Maharshi Now Stands At TOP1 in India's Most Anticipated Movies List IMDB  … 
Underworld! Along with most Dracula movies. 
'Jersey' Review: Hits the Ball Out of the Park 
Hi Mfundisi.... What are you looking for at Union Building? Anyways...... Thats the only time you goi… 
She must block them, men here love drama and want it everyday 
So all these Jozaan &amp; Michelle haters, maybe JUST maybe #TheBachelorSA creates their own story, their own drama - b… 
"Ant-Man and the Wasp" and 6 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Happy Easter !!!!! , anyone wanna go to the movies  
Nothing like dragging the wounded vets into his drama. It always has to be about him...no matter what. He can NEVE… 
Quick question - so #thebachelorsa is a reality show, right? &amp; reality shows thrive on drama, right?So to create… 
I remember back then(a teenager) when we used to wait for the tv drama that p… 
No one is perfect or should try to be. Standard of beauty change over time. Watch some old mov… 
The 4 day Easter weekend means crossing 10 new movies off my list. I love the holidays  
Yesterday I was saying a whole 250 ANC members left the party and joined UDM and there was no drama.… 
Drama as TV presenter Lerato Kganyago hacks into another hacker's social media account &gt;&gt;&gt; 
The difference between white millennial liberals and white millennial conservatives is solely based on how much you… 
Haii une drama 
"Before he came back to doing games, he was in a place called Liechtenstein in Germany where he made… 
PLEASE click visit  …  #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent #magazines… 
The Best Way to Watch DC Universe from Outside the USSource url:- Universe comes as a s… 
Waiting for #Pagalpanti Hope ir will as good as #mubarkan or better. 
NEON ¥OUTH // We can’t wait to throw on our PJs at our Pyjama Party tonight and just hang out! We will have games,… 
One thing about #StarTrekDiscovery season finale was it sure Did borrow a lot from another franchises. Beside occas… 
Oh shut it Maggie! Keep your loony tunes to yourself. It’s a SONG. That’s it. A song. This isn’t the Man… 
No franchises die anymore, apparently. The Terminator franchise, for example, should have ende… 
Movies: Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger – Season 02 Episode 04 
(continued) With several genuinely surprising plot twists, jaw-droppingly fantastic costumes &amp; set design, and some… 
Let teddy take you to the movies 
that is funny ! I love  any crime dramas, we also have Prime Suspect 1973 here, Jane Tennisons car… 
I really wish had all the Harry Potter movies  
Here is the youtube version of our Summer Movie Preview with  #Movies 
I enjoyed that show so much,  a good court room drama is always a winner.  My 2 favs are Ally McBeal and The Practice. 
Not only that, but these channels play movies with racist content such as the "N" word and… 
Couldn’t ask for more than to spend a drama free life with A  
It hasnt even been a full day since the new trailer came out, and I've spent at least 5 hours of toda… 
whst kinda tech glitch is causing my *for you* page to show all sports? I hate everything about all sports… 
A real woman avoids drama, she knows her time is precious and she's not wasting it on unimportant people or things. 
Pinky Promise shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Extra Drama!… 
Some good positivity every now and then is always good. Some videos or watching movies. Yet someho… 
literally same all i’ve done is watch movies 
sofia seriously ordered $40 worth of on demand movies &amp; shows because we took away youtube  
#Movie "Revolution 10" (2015) 
I am the Pyrocynical of creating drama 
.thisisysr  to compose music for VishalKOfficial new film 
What’s on TV Friday: ‘I Love Lucy Funny Money Special’ and moreSERIESBlindspot The team uncovers an internationa… 
Weekend Picks: ‘Fiddler,’ ‘Falsettos,’ Stravinsky and moreWhat to do this weekend? For theater fans, the national… 
Review: Bi Gan's time-bending noir ‘Long Day’s Journey Into Night’ is a magical piece of filmmakingDivided in two… 
They fear honesty and integrity. Meaningful change. They don’t want Bernie.Trump would… 
That's merely unpopularity, though. Are all unpopular movies cult movies? 
 Lowest Price!Save 25% off Fire TV Stick with Alexa for only #gadgets… 
If VD does it ,Then it will be the first decision i dont agree with hi… 
Simmons is over the Jared Dudley drama: "I don't really have energy for it man"(via SNYtv) 
Drama &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; comedy 
 “Wacth Avengere: Endgame 2019 Movies full 
#LittleMovie starring Hall, Rae, and Martin is NOW OUT IN CINEMAS.Book here… 
If there is something we suggest you watch, it's these movies. Book now and enjoy our must see movies at Cinema Nou… 
Get your friends together and visit a Ster-Kinekor Theatre for our must-see movies this weekend!Book now.… 
I love Harry Potter too! I have all the movies and have watched them at least 5 times each. 
New up on the podcast Summer Preview with Available on all podcast apps… 
Marvel movies 
I stay looking up what happens in tv shows/movies cause i clearly have anxiety about not knowing what the future holds 
it was for sure one of my favourite movies of last year. 
I just don't understand how someone acting in a movie about a team of superheroes, which, all but her, have been in… 
Second video for today! Another trailer reaction, this time for something that looks completely insane and is now o… 
This kintampo movie which is showing on Africa magic urban assey ibi horror or what because this no be drama.Adjet… 
ONE CRAZY SUMMER is comprised of rabies crazed dolphin movies, avenging lobsters, permanent face distortion, cute g… 
That's valid though? Like fiction all around us is pretty much always about relationship drama. So like, a… 
Why does everything hurt. I just want to be happy without stupid drama always being there. 
how is that drama? also if you could answer my dm girlie that would be hella appreciated  
But Minister, our Sandton is clean. What's with the drama. 
Good Friday at the movies with one of this year’s hottest horror flicks, Pet Sematary! Book online now!… 
Your selective approach is something that is misguiding many .. one day u ask to speak to Neet Anitha… 
Don’t you dare claim to be a fan of superhero movies if you don’t know who this legend is. 
Suggest some movies — anong genre? 
Ole Ed and Brian, such drama queens. Must be aw… 
||: that’s why I barely am on this account, I’m done with drama and fighting and every word and thing I do or say i… 
Stick to movies Rusty... and maybe the footy! 
Anyone else find it strange that Scarlet Witch lost her fucking accent in the later Marvel movies? 
Brother Bear might be one of the most underrated movies of all time. Don’t me, unless you agree, then you can me. 
Bravo! Thank you for an amazing season of Star Trek Discovery! I grew up with Trek. This season is th… 
I’m hella gonna be soooo.... were ion wanna be tmrw . My cousin is gonna get her sisters and brother and cousins… 
‘Little’ Producer Will Packer Calls For Hollywood to Hire More Black Female Directors - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Omg I love cheesy romantic movies. 
#SaintJudy #NowShowing #InCinemas  Get your tickets here 
I can't wait to see you win gold even after all this drama the IAAF is causing for you. 
Twice the Dream Soundtrack by Christopher Escalante#TwiceTheDream #musical #drama #movie #soundtrack #ost #songs… 
My father in same shell where Sadhbvi was there and m… 
I literally don't think they could have made a better choice than Mark Hammill to replace Brad Dourif.  Still weird… 
Gotta go back to school an hear drama and DO THIS STUPID ASS PARCC TEST OH HELL NAHHHH!!!!!! 
practices wing chun and has for years, &amp; whooped asses with it in both Sherlock Holmes movies. I sa… 
Why are all Netflix original movies so bad? 
What kind of drama were you thinking? 
Dragged is streaming. Not as violent as the title might suggest but if you dig Zahle… 
Remember when Grim used to basically just make hilarious WWE reaction videos in his toy room/closet a… 
It's not a sitcom, it's a drama, but: have you watched #Shtisel? I'm recommending the most obvious thin… 
#TheJudasInMyLife Have a site where they can download movies and series but ask me to share 
Jordyn Woods Cozies Up To Mystery Guy At Coachella 2 Months After Tristan Thompson Drama  
if I feel like it. yeah. sometimes cuddles, fifa, movies, convos. basically everything that comes with dating but I… 
Oh .The Democrats are a better alternative ?This is fukn waste of Americans tax dollars.For all… 
I am the Pewdiepie of creating drama 
Hands down one of my favorite movies! My hubby and I were actually able to catch it in theatres, it’s b… 
It's one of those movies that I don't find objectively good yet enjoy watching it. 
Watching Movies With The Sound Off 
Phil thinks Season 7 of The Office is really dramatic. #cats #catsofinstagram #catpics #pets #petsofinstagram… 
This holy week, isa lang yung pinaparating ng movies sa lahat ng channel at yung ang "risk &amp; love".God saved us wit… 
I just watched Return of the Jedi (1983) #trakt 
Be COMFORTABLE with Anything...... Whaaaaaaa!!..The FACE OF JUST YOU contestants 
Seriously try meditation my favorite is guided meditation 
Ohhh, lol. Soo much drama.  
#Maharshi In 3rd Place In the Most Anticipated Indian Movies List  #MaharshionMay9th#SSMB25… 
#Movie "Modern Imbecile's Planet World" (2010) 
One time i stole 5bob to go watch those Rambo movies... the next movie seemed better so i returned home and tried s… 
21 Days – 21 Marvel Movies 
By revealing that everything in VII-IX was just someone's dream and then redoing all three movies. 
My practical side says go to sleep however I would probably stay up and watch movies 
Which page says he's guilty? Reality doesn'tine up with one's desires so scribbling your own li… 
good movies? 
Nope today it's wine and movies day 
Orange is The NewBlack. Thirteen Reasons Why. How to get Away with Murder.  Elementary. Movies. 
Strut your stuff and get ready for #LittleMovie. NOW IN CINEMAS. Book here 
Best thread I’ve seen in a while. Excited for the next instalment and almost tempted to join a book group for the d… 
Daaaaaammnnnn i saw one in person a few days ago right down the street from our house! Those are the actua… 
I don't drama from anybody. 
Oooohhhh. Some one's picture makes me want to watch all FOUR MOVIES OF PHANTASM!!!  HE SO REMINDS ME OF "THE TALL M… 
My first 2 films were stop-motion &amp; claymation. Some of my favorite TV shows &amp; movies growing up used one… 
Where do I find a guy that will watch super hero movies with along with scary ones loves dogs or animals in ge… 
Nah. No new dogs, wish I had 5 of this one. Got a new pony to start in all my spare time but same old… 
The Pavarotti Trailer Gives Some Insight into the Famed Opera Singer - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
We spoke to Jordan Peele about 'Us,' 'The Twilight Zone,' and why he hid three Easter Egg references to Corey Feldm… 
Pay 2 rights are for movies released 2016 to 2018.   Also not sure when Pay 2 wi… 
Very grateful that is streaming no less than 6 movies....one of the most talented &amp; informative actors. 
The 6 new Netflix original movies and TV shows it will release this weekend - Business Insider… 
literally scary movies make me piss my pants. 
Whoah stop die lorry.. White people also have plenty of dikobo. But they… 
Well both franchises feature living dolls who are centered around a boy named Andy.I’m not that… 
Ahh I've seen the first two movies before but I'm gonna rewatch them plus the new one~! I'm still debatin… 
Yes. 18-30 age group is mostly swayed by popular actors quoting bs in their movies, foolishly following “protest” c… 
more shit show drama with no real results of upholding the law or holding any of the… 
True story happened here. #STL  
Girlfriend always talking shit for no reason during movies 
I personally don’t like Schuster’s material.He’s racist &amp; drives his agenda through his movies.Trevo… 
And just to reiterate: this isn't the first time I'm watching #Community, but rather, the first time I'm rewatching… 
Imagine just living life for 30+ years and just not listening to music or watching movies. I didn't know there were… 
Story time so my older sister was so jealously my overly long eyelashes so she cut them off she actually admitted t… 
5 Ultimate Questions Related to Disney+Source url:- recently announced Disney+, a n… 
Going back to back Denzel movies 
The rock movies#TheRock #rockmovies #therock#fitnessmotivation #fitnessmodel #FitnessGoals 
I’m kicking myself for not getting #FanXSpring tickets  but could only go on day one normally I would go two days 
Larson whines that not enough women are reviewing the "top movies." 1. Women dont want to review movies, they want… 
I loved season 2. I've enjoyed following Capt. Pike since Bruce Greenwood's performance in the New Trek movies 
//  well, tfios i only read the book. Guess i'm not really into teen drama if i see the result. 
The Regina Louise Story Movie on Lifetime #Drama 
And a CW drama. 
Scrollinv through roku channels looking at free movies it offers, and dang I didnt know about so many straight to DVD sequels 
The rock#TheRock #rock #workout #fitness #gym #fitnessmotivation #fut #diet #budy #movies 
That's enough gaming. Time to soak in one of the best worst movies out there. 
Not only a meathead, but a drama Queen too. 
High ticket prices impacts the trending .. and bad experience of audience has domino effect on other mo… 
Ee rra go buiwa gore Gatwe o siame thata. Kana gotwe wena you don’t give out drama 
News on in the b.g. during confe… 
Hulu really has the best movies and shows, hands down 
 you misssed DRAMA! 
Grab any frames from the movies, those would probably be the best guide. I don't ha… 
I said I could probably name 40 "man movies" off the top of my head and my fiance did it within like 60 
Carol's got a secret weapon! 
I mean romance movies are great, but I’m in the middle of something big in my tv show!  
Another body/gender swap drama lol 
take me to the movies Friday at 10. . 
Movies bruh 
To those who asks about my condition, I’m ok now. Thank you to all who attended and watched everyone perform toni… 
I can’t believe they’re scrubbing the crows from Dumbo. Great comedy, great song, not to mention the… 
I’d do it all again for the lessons I’ve learned and person who has stuck with me through the drama 
What movies y’all be fw ? 
are blankets allowed in the theater for potentially… 
Watched The Hangover with my mom because it's one of her favorite movies and she's been sad. I hadn't seen it in a… 
Very strange. Both times this song is used in movies, it references Nazis. Did Stephen Miller pick the playlist? 
Now setting up interviews for honest to god good people who are trust worthy, that also hates drama  
!!Such an amazing film! My dad almost had to walk out and I wanted to bawl my eyes out so badly!… 
AMEN SISTER! Sounds like a few movies I've seen on HALLMARK! Men and other women lik… 
I've seen up to 7. Don't care to see any more. They're decent e… 
Since Star Wars Episode 9 is coming out I'd thought I'd share some interesting trivia… 
Now let me say this. We don’t know how Palpatine is returning. And it excites me to see McDiarmid again. He is ab… 
What did I learn today Even tho it was 64° you still can get ain’t burned  
Yankees need to fatten up against bad teams before it’s too what exactly is the de… 
For clairity purposes I think Pirates of the Caribbean and the sequels are trash. He really only has thr… 
 THE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY MOVIES ARE SOME OF THE MOST BRILLIANTLY UNIQUE FILMS OF OUR TIME AND SHOULD BE TREA… 
I’m in the movies seeing “Little”. This little girl walked away from her mom &amp; said why is he here? Bruh... Why a… 
only when i’m watching the movies, trying to prepare for Endgame!  
Just picked a character from the trailer, but he *is* a main character in the 4 going on 5 movies… 
imagine being such of a boring person you spread drama about someone you haven’t talked to in months 
Peter Falk! One of the all time greats! One of my favorite movies of all time - The In-Laws. He and… 
People just create drama at the expense of our votes.... 
marvel marathon update: Black Panther makes my heart so happy and most def my favorite part of the MCU. what’s your… 
#Movie "Abandoned Mine" (2013) 
Jason Momoa...seems pretty agile and athletic for a big guy (6’4”) during some of his action movies. 
My dilemma is to spend $40 on twenty movies and two seasons of a cancelled show or not. 
You didn’t hear about this drama before the show aired? 
I'm sitting here like "I feel like watching a movie tho" and then I remember I've never seen any of the uh what's i… 
I never understood why people referred to him as The Shape (in the movie credits)... he was never cal… 
No wonder I never related to high school movies. They all had schools with outdoor seating and free periods and eve… 
No.  They will still eat me if I taste funny.  But my solar panels and collection of 8000 movies an… 
Tubi? I have never even heard of such blasphemous things!I haven't watched a movie that's outside of… 
Forever one of my most favorite books and movies!  I’ve watched it at least a hundred times and… 
Perhaps the conversation should focus on these points rather than the drama of a picket line coupled with political… 
OKAY OKAY OKAY. middle school causes drama. PERIODT. jk ew. PERIODT?  
6 new movies to watch this long weekend 
Their movies are Msoonu years Old, no latest release. My conclusion is its the same with DSTV however it just that… 
And equally applies to the savarna savior, the upper caste savior popularly known as the hero in the Bollywood movi… 
If I were a character on Entourage I would be Drama. 
One of my 3 favorite movies of all time 
Designers are too good and there's zero drama #ProjectRunway #bravotv 
welcome to my drama club, girlies 
Hoodnight yall...[Mixtape] - Drama Queen (Who Want Smoke) :Album version available also...all platfor… 
Kameha Con, please don't compensate, this is all just part of the ongoing kickvic drama, for ex… 
Lots of movies mentioned that I love but I haven’t seen anyone mention...Miracle 
I loved the drama, emotion and all things Winchester 
That’s amazing!! This and BETTER OFF DEAD are two of my favorite movies of all time! There’s nothing qui… 
i want to start tweeting in english here just to practice but i'm telling you my writing it's sucks cause i NEVER w… 
Episode 25 Horror Movies of 2018 
And there it is again. Goddamnit. I'm done arguing,… 
I’m now in the head space to get caught up on MCU movies. Just 11 to watch 
Thanks!  Haha! Yeah, I would have loved if Tim Burton's face had been painted on the vase beneath… 
allat drama and messy shit is sooo fucking waterd down  
This is how Bollywood action movies are shot. 
How so? I’ve never seen the show, only the movies. 
A new movie was added to the media server:Seven Samurai (1954) [H264 · 720p · Passed · 8.7/10] is now available in… 
i swear i don't love the drama, it loves me. 
Conflict is pretty similar though. “I’m being torn apart” sounds pretty conf… 
Several times my dinner reservation were “Lost” only to find a Strzok sitting at my table. I am ti… 
First round of edits are done.If anyone wants me, I'll be the one watching crappy movies and getting drunk on the… 
Black Panther, Avengers, Wonder Woman movies made history this decade. But in the 2020's, I would like t… 
Dr. Doom sucked. But I feel they got The Thing right. Johnny Storm too. Silver Surfer was just awesome. Al… 
This is true of any replay system in sports. I wish they all would go away. It destroys all sense of spirit and dra… 
bro, I was blocked and ive never even tweeted this drama queen!  
Literally can’t find a drama that can hold my interest lately  
Finally watched Crazy Rich Asians, that shit was dope as hell. Definitely gonna be one of my favorite movies from now on  
Hey there folks! I'm MK, a former senior game/graphics programmer who decided to try out prop making as a career pa… 
#woobanksy I think there is something in the mind that gaming, movies, and tv helps.  In a way that is what leads t… 
Don't Miss The Pilgrim's Progress #Christianity #Movies #Jesus #Bible #God #PilgrimsProgress 
Love old, classic movies. Just watched Forbidden with a very young Barbara Stanwyck on Amazon Prime. Picture qualit… 
This Tyreek Hill drama is really taking away a lot of the excitement of the draft. If we lose him and draft a recei… 
If you want to stick around INTERACT beyond memes and likes.  Have a conversation, get to know each other, find out… 
Tip Taupe color shade of Creamy, Long-wearing Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Ext… 
It’s crazy!! You’re not old. I’m older than you are and I saw it when I was about 12!! It’s a must!! O… 
Ngayon ko lang naisip: I'm sure most of us have watched Tom and Jerry; may it be the movies or the series itself. D… 
Ok straight up, the 90’s Mortal Kombat theme goes hard and if you say you couldn’t beat mad ass to it y… 
Drama already. Overheard “my man is at a greyhound.” as he heads off the bus to plead his case. #JRonaBus 
Rewatching all the movies tonight to get ready for Endgame on Thursday. I think my boyfriends getting upset… 
Baby mamma drama is the worst 
Ok. Is 4/26 some sort of a  summa cum laude Day, or what? ’cuz there are WAY too many coincidences happening on tha… 
i ain’t with the drama y’all i’m tired just drink your red bull and go be passive aggressive to someone who cares 
Idk how people stay in toxic ass relationships I mean I do psychologically... but man I’m enough for me to handle,… 
marlene wanted to use emison for drama and attention. it has now backfired on her.i am sure the hope w… 
HAPPY EASTER CRANKS PICS-LIES-DOXXING-YOUTUBE DRAMA 657-383-1758 via 555 
Flirty Indian Hockey Players | The Drama Company 
Spotify finally put up the complete album for confessions of a teenage drama queen and now my life’s complete also 
I think Trump would be scared shitless of going up against a guy who takes his mom with him… 
What ever victim drama s you do by killing Innocent Baloch labour no one can save you from FATF black listing. 
I just watch the same movies over and over. 
O rata drama,garden boy ke wena.Leave our president alone. 
Today this is normal in Rio Favelas 
“Do you know how much goes down in PG13 movies now?”Lmao 
remember the ghost light in the cars movies where mater lost his shit and fucking died 
Mental illness the worst thing to happen to anyone. being a psychopath is the worst one too. God help her i cant do… 
It’s been YEARS since the last time I was involved in fandom. I got away from it all bc I fucking hate drama. But,… 
I just wanna watch movies and have my hair played with and back rubbed is that to much to ask for  
#TheDirt is one of the best Netflix movies I’ve seen 
Tony doesn't wanna die. 
Is it bad? I’ve never seen one of these movies. I only remember the names of the original and Tokyo Dr… 
I don't read comics and not into super heros but the Avengers movies realed me in! They've been so much f… 
I swapped all BCH and BSV for BNB...two weeks ago before all the drama...glad I did now... 
Watch Fresh Dressed on Tubi: 
Filming wraps on THE HITMAN'S BODYGUARD sequel THE HITMAN'S WIFE'S BODYGUARD, starring Ryan Reynolds, Salma Hayek,… 
Um hey excuse me I’ve been watching the Marvel movies in order to get ready for End Game.. so what makes… 
"Aw yeah! I've seen those movies! They're totally rad, yo!"He pointed at her, a smooth look in his eye… 
Oh OH and- as we were leaving, this amazing woman quieted the whole bar area at El Noa Noa and then made an announc… 
My dog literally whines whenever he hears singing...the last two movies I’ve had to watch for film class…lots of singing. 
Happy birthday to Sarah Thomas! We’re so lucky to have such a fantastic actress and human being within our drama cl… 
I am the Lando of creating drama 
In-store drama is so wild. It’s either something simple as so and so not speaking anymore to a manager straight up… 
#Jersey Extraordinary movie. One of the best fiction sports drama. 
question about #Disneyplus.  You’ve indicated that all movies from “the vault” will be in the service very… 
this weekend I promise to catchup on all of jinyoung s drama episodes 
David Thewlis to star in Nat Geo's scripted drama series BARKSKINS, based on Annie Proulx's novel #TV 
i dont miss the game i just miss the community back when it was shady and there was drama 24/7 
There is a difference...yes they can be good drama...BUT to be bullies and assholes to a… 
(Race Riley) Movie News:“Old Friends &amp; New Faces,” 
don’t they just skip over movies they need to watch to understand what some things are 
with all the recent talk about Super Hero Movies, why had no-one ever made one whose weakness is a… 
Bill Shorten it straight out of a Hollywood dramaBreakups, marriages, relationships, alliances, etc..… 
N1 had drama nje. Good thing you didn't travel with everyone 
Magnolia nabs North American rights to documentary on choreographer Merce CUNNINGHAM #film #movies 
Was like why am I in my bathroom me snaps finger oh me my fans on 
I joined for the comedy and and to read more about movies books and music that I like!!! 
Watch these 5 Marvel movies before Avengers: Endgame 
Saw a lot of references from other James Wan movies in La Llorona. Lovedddd this movie 
I just want everyone to know that I like dark movies and shows! That is all!  
Does anyone else have a gallery of screenshots on their phone of other people’s drama or is that just me? 
Ahh ADD the bane of my existence 
Ratings: The Voice and American Idol Go Low Opposite NCAA Championship - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
He and his team are pretty much the definition of drama 
The Conjuring is one of the greatest horror movies of all time. You can’t change my mind 
So, I've just dropped the teaser for an upcoming sci-fi drama. This project will push my boundaries as an editor li… 
Something weird about all the Jay Ward live-action movies is the presence of a ton of wacky sound-effects and music… 
Adriana has 525,000 followers. If she responded &amp; retweeted everyone tweeting her, s… 
Update: now that I have watched the movies, I have now branched out to 80’s music... I love it! hahaha 
Another Annabelle movie? What's left to happen? I just learned tonight that there was recently anothe… 
Happy Death Day 2U (2019)  #trakt 
Lmao I don’t know what’s going on but everyone has some sort of drama all of the sudden  LIKE DAMN OKAY 
I just watched The Reaping (2007) #trakt 
I'm watching The Reaping (2007) #trakt 
So I got sunburnt today  
You would LIVVVVVVE for the drama 
#Movie "Born to Ruin" (2014) 
Yeah except his sarcasm was being outdone, went over his head but yours also. All… 
Facebook drama be more entertaining than any tv shows I watch frfr  
I can't wait I mean its different in many ways but the same movie &amp; I must say you can't remake too many movies &amp; d… 
7. don’t be afraid to say no.8. don’t be afraid to say yes. 9. be kind to yourself.10. let go of what you can’t… 
Milos Forman, Oscar-Winning Director of ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest,’ Dies at 86 
And after I got him all settled in my bed and what not I ask him to pick a movie and he’s all like no u like boi I… 
Really enjoyed providing insights on the #DelistBSV drama going on. Thank for having me on Black Swan Finance!… 
The style is sci-fi noir in the tradition of Blade Runner. I imagined movies like Bond films, a diff… 
Pixar movies  &gt; Disney movies 
What a drama! That's why i love this game 
Amusing myself by clicking every cheesy romantic movie and trashy reality show on Hulu tonight just to throw off al… 
Me &amp; Will was supposed to go to the movies earlier we end up going shopping at the legends instead  
It’s 12 spider man movies 
Looking for a feed in town today? have you covered! They are open from 11am to 10pm GIVEAWAY: When you… 
HAPPY EASTER CRANKS PICS-LIES-DOXXING-YOUTUBE DRAMA 657-383-1758 via 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #12 #IYPT2019Molybdenum is only in a Roy Rogers western!Molybdenum movie 1 of 2: Wa… 
It’s number one consistently for me and in my top 10 fav movies of all time 
I told myself I would watch the eva movies but I know they probably trash as fuck and I dont need that toxicity in my life 
Movies and Film - Filmes e filmes! via 
I’ve seen all the Fast and Furious movies and had no interest in seeing this.2 trailers later and I’m totally in.… 
Sooo now that I got an SUV I’m trying to go to the drive in movies with someone and lay in the back  
I’ve watched five of the six phase two Marvel movies between yesterday and today and I’m probably not gonna watch a… 
I just watched The Empire Strikes Back (1980) #trakt 
We watched the drama tonight and I saw the documentary a few months ago - both were fab! Aren’t we… 
“Tell the truth...to yourself first, and to the children.” #MayaAngelou #Homecoming 
if someone gets me a DVD player with my favorite 3 movies I’ll die of happiness!!! 
So many faces that have brought us so many characters who have improved so many movies... 
More here: 
been watching too many Bruce Lee movies that calf.. 
"This guy's place is just 5 stereos, an anime body pillow, and several questionable gyroids. Can we get this fool e… 
When you were a teenager where did you usually hang out?#NationalHangingOutDay #HangingOutDay #FridayFeeling (Post teenager movies) 
Turkish drama is like love: exciting at the beginning and a drag after that. 
We're okay with self-farting chairs that don't recline and don't have to be reserved a… 
I send "Please cheer me up!" But I received "Ang drama mo naman bro". -Sad but true 
I watch a many scary movies and sleep like a baby....I even watch them alone!!! Mahahahaha! (Evil laugh) 
Update: $300 and 45 minutes of mounting and setup time later, I have really nice sound in two rooms that didn't hav… 
My nights consist of watching scary movies alone 
Too many perfect guys who only exist in movies. 
I have been a huge fan of all your movies for 26 years. We need a live action Corpse Bride, please!!! 
The users who did this knew what they were doing, and if they cared enough to pursue… 
Go change diapers, drama boy! 
That’s true, I never read the books, only watched the moviesI bet you have it memorized, don’t you 
Is it just me or is anyone else just so over the #Kardashians and their drama and who gets to be in their circle th… 
Did I miss some twitter beef or something cause people be talkin about drama and I be lost 
I mean, sure there’s like a bazillion new movies to watch on Netflix! But seriously, who cares when THIS shows up i… 
Emperors New Groove, Tarzan, Cinderella.....even kids movies are driving me up a wall 
They need to quit with these damn movies, like this shit is old.. 
For me, it's like watching cheap and poorly written science fiction movies.  After a few min… 
So much drama. TOO much...it’s not enjoyable anymore. I want out lol 
ANIMALS: Sophie Hyde’s organic drama is sporadically funny and far too real at times. Alia Shawkat’s an absolute li… 
"You're supposed to be in Switzerland you son of a bitch!" - one of many movies from the past where the villain was… 
Good To Gold color shade of #Cream #Eyeshadow that Applies Easily for a Natural Look or Builds Up for Extra Drama!… 
the drama good lort 
iPhone XS Max. Definitely worth it. Probably not recommended to those with small hands though. Great for watching m… 
No, like natural hair. Them wigs be scaring me at night. Have flash backs of the critter movies. 
I never ask this question because all it does is bring out the people who know nothing about movies... they… 
should i leave these fake people at the movies, let me know 
#Disney Put this on Hulu,Netflix, Blue-Ray and Forget it on Aug.2 2019 because if you don't just Cancel it. Because… 
#beforeopeningnight I work at a movie theater so I get to prescreen movies before they come out. Lol 
for some reason i’m coming up with edgar wright movies in general? 
#Drama #Therapy The Boy Who Would Be King! 
Inspirational #movie QOTD:John: “I’m cold.”Max: “here’s some matches, set yourself on fire.”-Grumpier Old Men (1995)  #movies #comedy 
Who cares if it’s even about cars anymore we need these action movies. 
It’s the start of #FanXSpring tomorrow and I can’t go  cus I didn’t get tickets I mean how many times have I gone 
Has this person seen any of the movies? 
Need i repeat myself Again, this break is nothing in comparison to multiple movies, multi… 
I am hooking off on sight, I’ve seen wayyyy too many scary movies 
Eric Swallows well is a joke needs to focus on his constituents instead of co… 
I wanna go to the movies this weekend 
OK, so I've preordered two books, one to hit in the middle of my time off and one after. I've got 8 GNs to read. A… 
Top story: Summer movie preview 2019: Dramas to watch out for see more 
Summer movie preview 2019: Dramas to watch out for see more 
#littlewomenatl #LittleWomenAtlanta Abira is the one that's love to start drama, she didn't have to say anything to… 
The breakthrough was one of the most incredible movies that i have ever seen.  God is so great!! 
Yeah, it's the perfect okey-doke. Fight with Black Americans for 90 years, steal their… 
Some yall that try to subtweet really shouldn’t. Like y’all out here like “I won’t name names, but to the 4’10 bitc… 
"Mary Poppins" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Hot drama on the blacktop My heads a wet mop Pollen dust petals loving My sinus like Defcon t-minus Love me Zyrtec… 
Well first time I’ve been to the movies while they’ve had technical difficulties. Just a mouse cursor on the screen… 
I want to be a guy who sees a lot of movies but I’m too lazy to go to the theater  
My ADD needs to chill  
so people hate me, have drama with me, are mad at me, so what’s next  i truly wanna know...do i have friends or no?? 
The shippers are crazy. Jacks is touchy feely with ALL his friends. They simply lo… 
As a child, I thought this camp was in Iowa. (ok, let me explain... In the movies it looked like lots of farmland a… 
“Wisdom comes from how we deal with tragedy” 
I won’t even listen. They lie with ease and grace and the people who believe them are fools that love… 
En fait le drama de Jisoo c'est un remake de "Because it's the first time" ?? 
my favorite #mcu movies! 
She's not wrong. 
She’s the type that wants drama and attention. And if she ain’t getting it, she’ll create it. It’s lik… 
'TOY STORY 4' Official Poster #Movies #TV 
Children 17 and Under Will Get Free Admission to The Academy Museum of Motion Pictures Forever Thanks to a Grant fr… 
With all the drama for this #GSWvsLAC series, people forget LAC are the 8th seed. The Warriors should, and will win… 
When you realize “movies” is just a slang term for “moving pictures” you feel ridiculous saying it 
Dan Savage Is Launching America's First Marijuana-Themed Film Festival“There’s a huge visual component to being s… 
while everyones dream destination as a child was to visit Disneyland, mine was to visit Auschwitz. My mom had an un… 
Always w/ the Drama 
It depends on the content. I believe 25 FPS is the PAL standard counterpart to the NTSC 30 (and 50:60), but… 
Do medicine cabinets exist in real life or just in the movies 
Yuuuup  And they way they piece together all of the movies like that... I’m worried it’s like, the l… 
One of my favorite marvel movies. Well at least the 2004 one. 
we had content being given to us during that time. We had movies(LOL, So Undercover), HM ended in 2011… 
VGMA, Rapperholic, Ghana Rocks, Ghana Meets Naija, others make top 100 Events in 2018 - GhanaWeb 
Dear Losers:I was about 8 years old when the ORIGINAL  Star Wars movie came out in about 1977. My Dad took me to… 
Want to be an APRN but you go to Twitter for advice about racemic epi? You are a current nursing st… 
nice looking you are Robert, seen all you great movies. kudos 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019!Watch Aveng… 
Nobody:Drama: 
I’ve been dumped on xmas eve. Laughable now but shit sucked at the time. 
Like one of the cops is in on it one of them dies one is kidnapped like I deadass can’t remember who is who they lo… 
More USELESS drama from the most USELESS Congress in history! 
I’ve watched the saw movies a million times but I always get all the different white guys confused 
STTOS… 
Tilly! By far, in my top 5 favorite Star Trek characters ever. And it only… 
People who say “I hate drama, it’s dumb” actually LOVE drama. 
One of my favorite movies. 
I’m not a big fan of labeling movies as overlooked, but DEATH OF STALIN deserved more attention. 
Watching "We of the Never Never". Memories of my childhood and watching it with mum. Nothing better than the old movies. #goodtimes 
With the bride and groom finally but not without drama. They picked us up in Mauston but the bus driver said it was… 
Jon Snow's loyal direwolf Ghost is officially returning in Game of Thrones… 
Criminal Minds to me is the best TV show that's been on TV for a long time I hope they save the show it'… 
The 6 new Netflix original movies and TV shows it will release this weekend via 
Am I the only one that immediately thinks of Big Fat Liar when watching all these movies? #BigFatLiar #CaptainMarvel 
I myself live somewhere that isn’t like a huge metropolis and it’s really really rare to… 
Soooo freaking Adam should have least stopped this....but these asshole boys just love this drama 
It’s like watching a very bad play with a full bladder and hoping the curtain would come down so I can make a mad d… 
Hah. Probably not. Did you see that it sold like $3 billion in pre-sales or something in… 
All Game of Thrones is a political drama and if they doesn’t want than then cancel and 
I'm a MAN. I don't cry at movies.- What about Coco?OK, just a little bit.- And The Color Purple… 
I hate unneeded drama 
I love queer movies that don’t have ridiculous age gaps too 
want the Pewdiepie Vs T-Series drama in temporary rules too, just a suggestion. 
Wow, and to think I grew up watching and liking your movies. Glad to see Twitter has shown us all w… 
My answer to What are the best movies about startups? 
Popular Comedian Bandla Ganesh started his career as an actor doing side-kick roles and turned as producer and made… 
Captain America: Civil War tonight, then after that, six more movies left... and I only have a week left. #MarvelMarathon 
#ICYMI: Disney pulls plug on Fox's MOUSE GUARD movie just two weeks before planned production start; producers shop… 
Post-grad in screenwriting/film. Written for Australian television.  Written feature scripts, genres include: drama… 
Omfg I said to my boyfriend "why are there so many movies about white guys" and it snowballed into an argument in l… 
....cuz an aging rock guitarist drama don’t stop! And THAT’S, the ultimate sin. 
Do lecture us on faithfulness and integrity, Jeffrey.   
Oscar Nominations 2019: The Complete List - TheWrap - -Eight movies were nominated for Be… 
Actually Rock left for movies after not even 5 years as a main eventer. Th… 
OHHHH WOW! Schwartz with the game winner with 15 seconds left to complete a 3 goal comeback in the final period for… 
THE MAN IN THE HIGH CASTLE actor Carsten Norgaard joins Al Pacino &amp; co. in MoviePass Films' AXIS SALLY drama… 
#Movie "Terror House" (2014) 
This is one of the most underappreciated baseball movies. 
So far I cannot see any reason why these movies have garnered the adulation, fanatic followers, and cultural signif… 
Y’all are we in high school still? No, we are grown ass women who are MOTHERS. We are supposed to be role… 
Tale of 2 doggies- both got shots today. Can you tell which is the drama queen? #WigglesWonders 
the comparison between the two movies is interesting because one is a really well executed movie with a… 
"Many layers to the story about real life, real feelings...I loved it!" TEN DAYS IN PARADISE … 
FIX YOUR CREATIVE PLEASE‼‼‼‼ 
good night Roman and Roman empire. I am so happy about Hobbs and Shaw coming out and guess what are… 
So scientists just completely disregarded the Terminator movies. We’re all gonna fuckin die 
most ppl are mad ur back w me and doing good again, living here away from all the negativity, drama… 
Gunpowder &amp; Sky teaming with MoviePass for U.S. release of comedic thriller VILLAINS, starring Bill Skarsgård &amp; Mai… 
Heart-wrenching performances by Keira Knightley and Alexander Skarsgard in the new chilling romance drama The After… 
Only one Avenger can be trusted, and it's definitely not Tom Holland. 
Those of you who know me well will be both amused and unsurprised to learn that I’ve never seen any of the Star War… 
Let's take a moment to realize the unrealistic standards that romantic movies create for guys 
When they can’t walk or talk they’re like non people so they can pretty much go anywhere,… 
But like, what if they put 6 Taptic engines side by side underneath the keyboard and… 
What shows/movies are you guys looking forward to on #DisneyPlus ?!  Tweet me and lemme know! 
Since This is the end of this version of the Avengers and I always loved watching superhero Syfy mo… 
One of those movies that didn't live up to the hype. 
My wife is pointing out that these characters are pretty big departures from their previous incarnations. That peop… 
Watch Keanu Reeves Recap The First Two John Wick Movies Ahead Of Parabellum 
this is so fun! i would watch all these 
That new Dennis Quaid movie THE INTRUDER basically has the exact same plot as another one of his movies, COLD CREEK MANOR 
i’m going to allll the movies alone  
Like I've mentioned before, the movies are not… 
1. accused someone of stealing without pr… 
I’m usually the hardest person to please when it comes to movies, but #BreakthroughMovie had my full attention from… 
Steelers want draft built on difference-makers, not drama #nfl 
One of the best movies ever made 
17 Most Iconic Aussie TV Ads Of All Time | Man of Many via 
Olivia Munn to lead rom-com LOVE, WEDDING, REPEAT &amp; thriller THE GATEWAY, with Sam Claflin &amp; Freida Pinto among cas… 
Marvel movies ranked by how much money they made via 
Some crazy macgyver method that’s against all odds of successfully happening except in movies.... but… 
We live in a version of the Treminator movies where the giant corporations are the killer robots. If the left could… 
Why has nobody invited me to the movies in 2736282 years???? 
Happy Birthday To Two Very Awesome Film Directors: &amp; Happy Birthday Fellas, Keep Making Awesome Movies! 
Those 'old-man' phrases are loaded with a wealth of  language that used to not be socially acceptable… 
It'll be one of the best movies this year! 
I feel like way more people have fainted in shock in movies than in real life, but in this case girl had just done… 
Enter to win a Blu-ray + DVD + Digital from Ends 4.18.19 #movies #bumblebeemovie 
Had a blast with my 6 yr old son tonight Thanks for the memories. #RiffTrax… 
you just love the drama don't you?? its very entertaining to follow you indeed. 
"Fear Systems" is now my most recent plan for my next single. "Online and Ready," is one lyrical idea. "Startle me… 
When I think and here about SUBWAY! I think about I do wonder about Disney The Little Mermaid. in her… 
Hot take: I think Moneyball is one of the best rewatchable baseball movies. 
And that’s a wrap!  What great performances by so many talented people! #Drama #MiddleSchoolPlays #WhereYouBelong 
For Manor On Movies, it is. 
I have enough drama in my life.. come film me like the Kardashian’s  
I rather sit in my car, , and watch movies than be in the house  more relaxing to me. 
Horror Movies 2015 Full  Movie English - Best Scary movies Full Length (FullHD Cinema and Tvseries online free Dubb… 
The world building in Black Panther is so awesome. I don’t know where I’d rank it in terms of personal favorites, b… 
During stressful scenes in movies or TV shows, my wife yells things that further stress me out. 
You more of a drama queen then me  
Marrying your family rivals is dramatic when you are a teenager and run off to get married, the drama doesn't trans… 
All hail Shepard Smith...Drama Queen of the Beta-males. 
You said it yourself. People didn't know these characters. Yet I… 
Toothpick. No more SAW movies for you Stephen  
my thoughts on this whole drama 
I don't know that I'll ever go to Burning Man proper for the same reasons I'm kind of burned… 
go drama club 
I tell you, not only am I his mom, manager, agent and chauffeur, I’m also his photographer and videographer. Self… 
All hell has officially broken loose. #Hellboy is NOW PLAYING. Get tickets now: 
Happy 69th Birthday to Kenny Ortega! The director of Hocus Pocus, the High School Musical movies, The Cheetah Girls… 
#TCMParty John Ford movies-First TierHow Green Was My ValleyMy Darling Clementine Quiet ManMr RobertsMan Wh… 
10 Great Sci-Fi Horror Movies You’ve Probably Never Seen 
