Marvel Avengers Weimaraner Wvengers tshirt 
Actually agree with this tweet. Haven't seen Cap Marvel but man I know Wonder woman is the worst 
The marvel bunch song#AvengersEndgame #Avengers #AvengersEndgametickets #AvengersEndgame leak #AvengersEndgame spo… 
Sadly some souls remain colonized and still think we need to extinguish our heritage (… 
New Trailer Marvel Studios’ Avengers: 
Burials are expensive as fuck. Thankfully Thanos had us covered. Free cremation for all. #thanos2020 #avengers #marvel 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019! 
Avengers: Endgame directors Joe and Anthony Russo are working on a documentary about legendary Marvel Comics creato… 
The Cheat Sheet: The 2 Marvel Movies the Russo Brothers Say You Need to See Before ‘Avengers: Endgame’.… 
AFL Scoop:Richmond v Sydney,Marvel Stadium**NO LATE CHANGES**FINAL INTERCHANGES -Richmond: Jack Higgins, Sh… 
Missed the point entirely, it’s not that star wars should become like marvel them… 
Bring on the action You’ll see me at the theater #OpeningNight. I can’t wait to see Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame! 
"Ad:" Disney Avengers Infinity War Thanos Marvel Select Disney Store Exclusive Figure  fl… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Doctor Doom Infamous Iron Man 6” Action Figure. Mint. A+Seller  flyi… 
Just finished Captain Marvel! Love the sly little shout out to the classic Miss marvel costume with the… 
Yondu's funeral is still the best marvel movie scene 
Avengers Endgame Leather Jackets On SALE with FREE Shipping #Spider-Man… 
After watching Captain Marvel I thought I’d reinstall Marvel Heroes and play her again. Oh. The game was discontinu… 
Also the Russo brothers. They did some great directing of that show and continuing to be great with the marvel films. 
The inaugural era of the Marvel Comic Universe brings you on final showdown between The Avengers and Thanos.  Aveng… 
civil war 2 ruined carol danvers and it took me a long time to forgive and forget. now it seems like… 
Captain Marvel Hoodie  Shop Now   $79Shipping  FREE#CaptainMarvelHoodie #Hoodie… 
The WesBank Botswana International Airshow is back! Join us this May for even more aerobatics and loads of exciting… 
I've got nothing against superheros LOL. I love avengers,marvel, etc.… 
Kindle &amp; comiXologyThe greatest space adventure of all returns to MarvelStar Wars Vol. 1: Skywalker Strikes (Star… 
Hey I’ll be catching the heart-pumping action of Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame on #OpeningWeekend 
When i am just watching marvel moviesAnd rewatching thor: dark world i was sad loki "died" but in the end even th… 
Marvel comics show up nearly three to one at bookstores in little towns without comic book stores 
Marvel Runaways and Freakish 
"Ad:" Marvel Select - Bleeding Edge Iron Man - NEW NIB Disney Exclusive  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Spiderman Series Spider-Punk Baf Lizard New   flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Silver Surfer Walgreens Exclusive Figure Hasbro Loose  flyingtreasur… 
"Ad:" Spider-Man Rare Vintage Shirt 2002 Brand New Sealed XXL - Marvel Comics  flyingtrea… 
Some new pop vinyl figures I got the other day far out this getting out of hand this obsession but I love it… 
Getting ready for Endgame with a quick whip through Phase 3. #marvel 
Arrgghh! Can't make decision; Marvel's Spider-man or Persona 5? via /r/playstation 
Enter to win The Ultimate LEGO Marvel Avengers Spring Giveaway! #giveaway #contest #win 
Shaunsie doesn’t really like 3D anyway hahaha 
random thought; youve done videos on cosmic entities, and on some of the many different superheros… 
2, 278,631,194 Worldwide. Boom. #Avengers #AvengersEndgame #MARVEL 
gonna be  
Jeezus, clearly you got fisted IN the brain. 
I think the other thing is that Universal unfortunately does not want to work towards collaborating w… 
They cancelled Santa Clarita? Fuck them im done.  They put out great series &amp; then cancel t… 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019!… 
I really love all of the top 8, really like the next 5, and will probably not watch any of the others a… 
I think they'll give loads of details on Marvel land for both California Adventure and Walt Disney Studios in Paris. 
E Captain Marvel... Que achou? 
Marvel Movie Marathon for the nth timeeeeeee  
"Ad:" Comics: Our Love Story 4 VF Marvel Silver/Bronze Age Romance RARE in HG HOT Lot  fl… 
"Ad:" Comics: Our Love Story 1 Fn/VF Marvel Silver/Bronze Age Romance RARE in HG HOT Lot … 
Slapped color on a few of them so far #sketchcards #marvel #venom #spidey #deadpool #spawn #copic #ink #carnage 
Sounds like Marvel's taking another shot at the Fantastic Four! 
I only do about 5 movies a year, but... is "kids can't sit through a Marvel movie with… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends THANOS BAF HEAD from Hercules Avengers End Game Mint FREE SHIP!  fly… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Tombstone New Loose Marvel's Vulture NO BAF  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" marvel legends onslaught baf  flyingtreasures 
the fattest dog proportional to  her average size i’ve ever seen came in as a stray this morning and she’s a marvel 
Ant man is still a fun time!!! I love that it a heist film and it has the saddest death of a marvel film which is that flying ant Anthony 
Winter Soldier is still the best marvel movie tbh 

Star Lord Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 Leather Jacket Collection available on Sale with FREE Shipping… 
That's one thing I've always praised Marvel for &amp; did excessively with ANAD, even if I didn't agre… 
They're all being recast except Deadpool. 
Black Widow, Fantastic Four and Venom 
Like legit, so many huge comic events have been changed drastically (like civil war) so I don’t think that’s gonna… 
Tw: Endgame spoilers maybe?.............I got a targeted Facebook Marvel ad of Thanos getting stabbe… 
Shazam was fun. Captain Marvel, too. Haven't seen the others. 
Avengers: Age of Ultron*Dr. Strange*Captain America: Winter Soldier*Captain America: Civil War*Captain Marvel* 
It just occured to me that what if Marvel studios knew about "Hanumanji eating Sun's" theory and copied it to give… 
Thanks! The and the both won! It was a good day, Tater.  
best marvel movie? — lahat  solid 
Charlie's her favorite lol 
Did you rip your pants? 
You've captained Macrae, one of the premium midfielders in the competition, playing Carlton, at Marvel… 
Here’s a question:What is your type when it comes to dating?Personally I prefer a girl who has an amazing persona… 
Only Captain Marvel to knock off that list for me. The rest were all pretty cool to frikkin awesome. 
So I’m trying to catch up on Marvel movies I’ve missed before I see Endgame, and I just finished watching the endin… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Adam Warlock Cameo 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Yandu Rescues Peter 
was watching it with and my grandpa, i flew off the couch shouting "HE DID IT, HE DID IT!" 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Starlord vs Ego 
"Ad:" Marvel Hasbro Black Panther Shuri Action 6 in Figure Legends 630509619993  flyingtr… 
"Ad:" CAPTAIN MARVEL BOMBER JACKET LOOSE Legends NO Kree Sentry BAF 6" Figure 2018  flyin… 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends 6" Machine Man loose complete no Allfather wave  flyingtreasu… 
Marvel did her dirty.I'm sad. 
#Movie #poster #Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame  inspired poster. Artist #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Stan Lee 
Twitter: Captain Marvel is feminist propagandaMe: 
I’ve seen Captain Marvel twice on the big screen. It has it’s issues. Mostly they stem from trying to inform an MCU… 
If Thanos were female and which one would Antman go to her thing?  #meme #antman #Endgame #Marvel #Thanos Btw,… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Yandu Argues With Tcar aka Starhawk 
Marvel will just be like “We know April Fools was 25 days ago, but APRIL FOOLS!! SPIDER-MAN IS REALLY DEAD… 
Stay consistan, man. 
Séries canceladas: Arrow, The Blacklist,  Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Chicago Fire, Chicago Med, Chicago PD, Criminal Minds… 
Easter Baskets .....#marvel #marvelavengers #babyboys #toddlerboys #easterbasketstuffers #eastereggs… 
MARVEL SODA MAN AND THE MUSIC JUST POP INTO MY HEAD 
Mom: Why are you rewatching all the movies?Me: I’m preparing for next week!  #AvengersEndgame 
We’re in the #Endgame now. 21 movies in 11 years has been leading to #AvengersEndgame One week left. 
...comic he was paid to draw. Oh, and t… 
Oh no don't Get me wrong, I fucking loved her performance in Scott Pilgrim and I bet she… 
OMG one week... CAN. NOT. WAIT. #AvengersEndgame 
Yeah, I can't see Marvel giving Hickman the keys to the entire castle. They've never done that for any writer. 
Sounds like they could. 
DC does great royalties. Marvel, not so much... 
Chris Hemsworth Says He'll Play Thor For As Long As Marvel Lets Him 
I’m such a Marvel fan, but Brie Larson has turned me off so much I just ended up look up all the spoile… 
"Ad:" Stan Lee Signed Marvel:Red Hulk Vaulted Funko POP #31 PSA X72538  flyingtreasures 
Yes mam. From Captain America to Captain Marvel. You definitely need to get on it before Thursday or Friday 
7 DAYS...(Went for an vibe) #Marvel #Avengers… 
"Ad:" LEGO MARVEL SANCTUM SANCTORUM SHOWDOWN 76108 NEW SEALED  flyingtreasures 
While #Shazam the movie was entertaining, I wasn’t as blown away by it as I expected. Were my expectations too high… 
Seriously, Marvel, DO NOT. 
Got a spare ticket  Richmond versus Sydney tonight 7:25pm at Marvel Stadium if anyone wants to come with me  
"You have to get past the Avengers and Marvel shit at some point, ok? Other fucking people make mo… 
I have now seen 20/21 marvel movies before Endgame comes out next week  
I get that! Now that you seen captin marvel do you think it has a huge part in end game? Do you think i… 
This is so frustrating.......... do the right thing and give this guy what he deserves!!!! What he is askin… 
ok question answer if you want if you wanted to add one symbiote creature from Marvel ie:Venom Carange Riot… 
what if every marvel movie were like 20 minutes? and on TV weekly? 
It will be Cpt Marvel 
Still need to see Spider-Man Homecoming, the two Ant-Man movies, Captain Marvel, Guardians of the Galaxy 2, a… 
You need to make a #season4 of #daredevil with anticipated wait should bring more views, i… 
I’ve watched every single #marvel movie. Doctor Strange is the only one I liked. 
After thoughtful consideration, I have decided not to participate in this year’s IRONMAN triathlon. I will… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Universe INHUMANS Box Set MISB! Black Bolt, Medusa RARE!  flyingtre… 
In both IW and TLJ, the story leaned more towards the villain and the heroes failed.When Captain Marvel was shown… 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe INHUMANS Box Set MISB! Black Bolt, Medusa RARE!  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends 2019 X-Men JUBILEE with Caliban BAF Wave ** IN HAND ** Loose  flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends FALCON MCU 6 in Action Figure Loose Avengers Infinity War 2 Pack  fl… 
Avengers: Endgame directors Anthony and Joe Russo have revealed they are making a documentary based on Marvel Comic… 
"Ad:" Marvel Black Widow 24-Inch Premium Format Statue  flyingtreasures 
I just watched Captain Marvel (finally) and like... Why didn't they made it gay??? They made all the gay things wit… 
Blu-ray nerd, and even more so for Marvel movies. #MarvelStudios 
recent Marvel leaks suggest that Infinity War was, in fact, originally planned to be infinitely long, but sadly had… 
Just watched Marvel's #CloakAndDagger - S02 | E04 on TV Time 
guess who can't go to be  I tried but think it's one of those nights  I'm watching Marvel Cloak &amp;… 
MCU marathon is off to a great start. Just finished #captainamericathefirstavenger now fixing to watch… 
there. And they got confused after I mentioned a few guys, I think Hugh Jackman, Ryan Renolds, maybe the Marvel Chr… 
Next edition of Marvel Comics coming to a newsstand near you! 
We need to have a chat about the captain Marvel movie 
i just saw captain marvel a few hours ago and it was AMAZING 
Seeing that you sold your comic collection to make Clerks that probably showed yo… 
I mean, A-Force especially, but Marvel has so many A/B-listers that they don't have an excuse to not have 4-5 Aveng… 
These ads are terrible. I hope got a Groupon rate  
Seriously, what the FUCK is Marvel waiting to bring back A-Force 
captain marvel 
Brian Michael Bendis bc he originally wanted Jessica Drew for Alias, Marvel said no, so he created Jon… 
Marvel x Capcom Infinity 
apparently, tony said "endgame" on age of ultron. yep, we had a clue ppl and we chose to ignore it HAHAHAHA CHAROT BYE BACK TO MARVEL MARA 
"Starter Set - Hexagon Avengers Holographic Stickers" #marvel 
GIVE ME MORE OF THIS FAMILY MARVEL 
Captain Marvel 
Life isn't about fair and justice. If you want that shut your ass up and stay in your momma's baseme… 
I have been watching a Marvel movie a day and will finish up with Infinity War before going to see Endgame  
Was Simpson at North Melb when they were sooking about Marvel Stadium surface? 
A post-workout #Kraven on the digital drawing board. From Marvel Action #SpiderMan #WIP 
Hey guys um I think I'm falling in love best date and Captain Marvel was actually amazing and made me laugh. I rec… 
goodlucktothis:NICE GIFTS FOR MARVEL FANS– GET YOURS HERE –Captain Marvel – Captain MarvelSpider-Man – Spide… 
no cops at Pride. just Estelle with the rule book for the Captain Marvel: Secret Skrulls card game. 
4: Endgame Quantum Realm Battle Suit Cosplay Hoodie Sweater… 
It’s Friday night and I’m laying in bed 3 movies deep in Marvel marathon and I couldn’t be having a better time 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is my favorite Marvel movie to date and nothing can change that 
3With a stand in Capt Marvel 
I don’t watch commercial television, so the virtue signalling in the pre movie commercials for Captain Marvel was s… 
"Ad:" Comics: 1976 FOOM 14 RARE CONAN AND RED SONJA COVER SCARCE FANZINE MARVEL HARD TO FIND… 
"Ad:" Comics: ALL NEW ALL DIFFERENT MARVEL NOW POINT ONE 1 RARE PAUL POPE VARIANT HARD TO FIND… 
Check out Deadpool Iridescent Logo Woven Fabric Snapback Hat Baseball Cap Marvel Comics #Bioworld via 
Lol it was comedy gold. Like it felt like if marvel wasn’t cheesy you know? 
I’m not gonna watch another marvel movie again either but that’s because once the credits rolled on Inf… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: RARE Marvel Universe 1997 10" Scarlet Spider Spiderman Toy Biz  flyingtrea… 
Yeah. No. 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Spider-Man Black Cat Figure From Kingpin BAF Series  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends BAF THANOS ARMORED Endgame Complete  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Toys Mighty THOR Action Figure, No Stand Or Box, Loose  flyingtreasur… 
question: why do we not have a appearance in the #captainMorgan commercial?  I mean we have two captains! 
Me trying to sell democratic socialism to people who only watch MCU movies knowing full well that if DemSoc happens… 
Black Panther was a great movie but, are there actually mountains in Africa with snow on the… 
Captain Marvel is the worst Marvel Movie released. Please me 
I am going to just get the dvd/blue Ray's and put them in order  no Capt marvel yet tho 
Sister asks, "Have we seen any movies in the theater this year that aren't Marvel movies?"Brother in law, "Oh yeah… 
 IMPORTANT Leading up to #AvengersEndgame I have begun my binge of all Marvel movies ending with Infinity War (… 
I'm starting to allow myself to really enjoy comic book movies.  was good, is good so fa… 
#PS4shareMeh not a marvel expert but still its 
Superman, only because I don’t likr Captain Marvel 
The trucks of Polynesia: A true marvel of public transit &lt; via 
Enters #Endgame With New #Exclusive Egg Attack Figures! #toys #collectibles… 
They’ll remake all the marvel movies in 10 years anyway 
Where does Capt Marvel fall for you? 
Marvel burlesque. You are never bored 
Movie night! Been pushing my wife to get into the Marvel scene. Last night we watched Captain America: The First Av… 
Not to mention an Infamous Iron Man (doom as iron man) movie.  Yeah marvel can have all my hard earned American dollars 
Captain Marvel was amazing. Obviously Fury is a cat dad. 
I just realized that Captain Marvel had like three scriptwriters and yet the line, “Wanna know why they call it a c… 
there's still time for something new to be announced, and considering America is on Rising, it's likely that Marvel… 
HOT TAKE: Captain America: The Winter Soldier is Marvel’s best film. is very good at being very good. 
AGREED!! I think his twitter would involve attacks on the Captain Marvel movie. 
Marvel lifts its TV game to higher power for Disney+ 
Dino-Riders is the best show Marvel has ever produced and I used to watch it all the time as a child 
Sinister Karma Just Went Live! On #Twitch Playing #MarvelFutureFight #MFF #Marvel 
Yes, that's certainly a word, but if nothing else, being able to call Shazam cringey as… 
I don't like marvel movies but I think they're more for everyone, not just kids.  Kinda like how no… 
Just posted a photo 
Who would win? #SHPOLL19 #MarvelStudios #Marvel #poll #FridayThoughts #FridayMotivation #Wolverine #inhumans #blackbolt 
Endgame is NearMarvel Universe Movie, EndGame, Thoughts on Showtime Boxing’s Shields/Hammer, Lomenchenko’s victor… 
Good thing about watching the Marvel movies in order is seeing reactions through all the ups and downs. 7 days. #Endgame 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Cull Obsidian Torso BAF Piece Infinity War NEW!!  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends 6" Lizard BAF right arm no Spider-Man Spider-Punk  flyingtrea… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Hasbro Lizard BAF Series Mysterio Action Figure Loose new.  flyingtr… 
So, this scene takes place in South Korea, and ULTRON had a scene in South Korea as well. Are there any other Asian… 
Been nerding out these marvel movies all week. 
"Ad:" Sideshow Collectibles Marvel VENOM Premium Format Statue NEW  flyingtreasures 
Making solid progress on my carnage piece!The little details on the purple tendrils are tedious, but worth it I th… 
Definit… 
Someone find my husband a support group for being married to someone who keeps watching Game of Thrones and Marvel theory videos. 
If it's not Marvel I'm not gona go see it in the theater. FACTS !!! 
Reposting you anime #anime..........just ignore these#meme #memes #dankmeme… 
Nah there fine right now 
I keep hearing it's better than Captain Marvel. Bumblebee wasn't a box office hit either, and it was a kick ass movie. 
Ant-Man is down. Tomorrow will be Civil War, Doctor Strange, and Guardians 2. I'm gonna get through all these hecki… 
I like it a lot, too. Was a refreshing change to the Marvel cookie cutters — which is every movie except GOTG1 and… 
This is why I'm so grateful that I have my two #DoctorWho mini series in book form and am really looking forward to… 
Marquei como visto Marvel's Cloak and Dagger - 2x4 - Rabbit Hold #bancodeseries 
#DisneyStore Exclusive #Marvel Toy Box #SpiderMobile &amp; #SpiderMan Figure Review 
Guess with video games downloading I’ll re watch some Marvel movies with the release of #Endgame 7 days away 
Hands-on: Iron Man VR is your next Marvel PS4 exclusive: 
Star Wars the Clone Wars, which aired on cartoon network featured: politics, slavery, lots of deaths left and right… 
Baby Groot briefly transforms the Galaxy (and the Marvel action machine) into one big dance floor… 
Probably the only person who isn't in the film at this point. 
Hey I’ll be catching the heart-pumping action of Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame on… 
Might not be that exciting, but revisiting all the MCU films has been a weird &amp; insightful (&amp; exhausting) task. Pha… 
I love you playing as hulk can we be Best freinds marvel you guys made me a marvel I wa… 
Speaking of things that are just incomprehensibly beautiful, the cinematography. How is it possible that Marvel cou… 
Wolverine e 
Now...I have all the Endgame pops with the addition of Rocket and Robin from Walmart. #funkopop #popvinyl… 
#library30 Day 19: #controversialMarvel vs. DC - which do you prefer? 
Sometimes I marvel at the things I didn’t know because my parents never went through the American education system.… 
Stan Lee has always been the man but Mallrats proved it! 
I liked when in the RLM review they said that if Captain Marvel wasn´t a MCU movie nobody… 
I also nominate join the roster should there be an vacancies post-Endgame. FYI 
Starting my marvel movie watch to get ready for End Game 
My ½ review of Captain Marvel (2019) on 
Marathon the Marvel movies in anticipation of Endgame 
Guess who’s ready for #avengersendgame?!?! #whateverittakes ONNNNNNEE WEEEEEEK!!! 
On the real, I do feel like the argument boils up again every time a new Mar… 
"Ad:" Comics: Captain Marvel 1 Artgerm And Venom 11 Walmart Exclusive! Hot  Rare Not Cgc!  flyingtreasures 
directed and produced Unicorn Store. I loved Room and enjoyed Captain Marvel, but I’… 
Yeah they are ruining it. Trying to keep making more money all the time. Examp… 
Endgame is in 7 days and I’m not mentally, physically, emotionally, or spiritually ready for it #marvel #AvengeTheFallen #AvengersEngame 
Someone go with me to watch Captain Marvel.... I know, I’m late but I work a lot so whatevs. 
"Ad:" Kingpin Eaglemoss Marvel Fact Files #5 KNIGHTS SPECIAL Figurine + Magazine  flyingt… 
"Ad:" Marvel (Spider-Man)- "Molten Man"  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends ABSORBING MAN Hasbro BAF  flyingtreasures 
“The marvel of heaven and earth, of time and eternity, is the atoning death of Jesus Christ. This is the mystery th… 
 on Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Summer Begins” TV Spot 
The fact that I have yet to see Captain Marvel is a disgrace as a Marvel fan. 
Marvel Comics is lost. So very lost. 
That seems like a good analogy. I'd have to go back and read 'em, but my memory is that they were kind… 
Marvel's SUCKS.So so so not a wendigo.Book one is going to be awesome, but I am SUPER pumped ab… 
Marvel &amp; DC #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
0-Coast Tutorial: Expressive Lead Patch via I know this isn’t marvel or Star Wars… 
New Show!! The Twilight Zone Episode 233 #TwilightZone #JordanPeele⁠ ⁠ #JokerMovie… 
marvel. 
Why are there #CaptainMarvel stickers on the bananas? I didn’t know Marvel does fruit advertisements #Marvel 
This would be a huge step in the right direction! 
best of marvel women, 
How Dr. Zorba's glasses are staying on his face is an Engineering marvel. #catitstu 
Preview this #EndGame theme easter activity ! Activity releasing tomorrow 
Marvel! #Thor #CaptainMarvel 
"Ad:" Stan Lee Signed Marvel Characters 11x17 Photo *Spider-Man/Iron Man PSA X99631  flyi… 
1/2: I'm a little disappointed that I didn't begin watching the Marvel movies until just a few years ago. I have wa… 
should be Marvel's hero... 
Evil 
When is Marville getting adapted for the MCU? Phase 5? 
Just about any Kamen Rider season is a better representation of the superhero mythos than any Marvel movie. 
6 days til Endgameday 11 ~ Okoye #avengers #avengersendgame #marvel #blackpanther #okoye #illustration… 
Watching #Drax drown in spinal fluid in Knowhere in #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy makes me want to vomit. The idea of drown… 
Kate Bishop | Marvel 101 
Winter Solder is by far one of the best Marvel movies ever released 
Marvel movie marathon movie seventeen: Thor: Ragnarok 
One more row! #marvel #beforeendgame #marvelcinematicuniverse #mcu #3moretogo #willpower #wegotthis #almostdone 
Infinity War Endgame | Funko Mystery Minis | Blind Box 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: GOTG Volume 2 Trailer 
Spoiler alert!!!Thanos tells captain marvel to shut the fuck up,becomes Tony’s new best friend. 
Me: *mid ramble* there was this thing in...I think it was Age of Ultron...maybe Infinity War...one of the Marvel mo… 
Other mom to me: I just can’t watch another Marvel movie, you know? Me: Only 6 more days til End Game. Get your Ma… 
#NewProfilePic #CountdownToEndgameI think we can all agree that Captian Marvel was awesome. I was a little worried… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Comic Book ~ Gambit Rare 2003 # 4  flyingtreasures 
Captain marvel time with and 
60’s Marvel: “All women need huge, weird headpieces!” 
Brand new writing challenge on Psychfic! "Improbable Pairs"! Think of it as the Psych version of "Strange Alchemy"… 
"Ad:" Marvel X-MEN Heavy Metal Heroes Figures Die Cast Wolverine Toy Biz  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Action Figure Union Jack w Gun and Knife and Belt  flyingtreasures 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on from #poshmark… 
16TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
I’ve never disagreed w one thread more. Star Wars isn’t the best story. It’s best when it’s relatable,… 
Ultra frustrated Marc is a marvel! 
They're always screaming about something. Captain Marvel was good. Fuck em. 
Marvel about to give the Avengers call-up. 
Yeah, I really wanna see Avengers: Endgame and I was gonna watch Captain Marvel to lead up to it 
Hmm...Well on a lighter note, I'm gonna watch Captain Marvel in about 15 minutes at my town's theater  
The Thing is a straight up beast! But for a while, ol' Ben was jobber to the stars--enhancement talent for the Hulk… 
Yeah, the people who are saying "don't bring kids to a kids movie" literally feed the "kiddie marvel m… 
so has started leaning back into the mcu and now i want to watch every marvel movie with her we shoul… 
He is gonna be well and alive my guy. And let me say, captain marvel is a bad ass. 
Marvel really snapped when they made the avengers theme song. 
Captain Marvel needs to come out in HD...because I mean...End Game is coming out soon soon...I need to catch up  
Also, I realized now for the first time that Marvel gave their main continuity a less-well-known vers… 
Saw captain marvel today, they had a trailer for a second soiderman movie dont worry buddy! 
I love how everything I've read about Endgame (having seen almost 0 other Marvel movies) is that everyone is so god… 
SpiderMan and the marvel version of the X-men are the biggest this year 
1 week away folksThe guys at Suit Up made sure to #PregameTheEndgameMake sure you're prepared too… 
watching Captain Marvel at Regal Crossroads 14 &amp; RPX 
It’s tons of marvel movies coming out in-between to ease the pain of waiting tho 
Listen here!  Please like, subscribe, and retweet! #marvel #mcu #theavengers #infinitywar #nerd #podcast 
but wow really doing this Marvel Marathon. 
Spend $10 get $15% off...    via #Etsy #Sale #vintage #vintagesale #Pins #Easter… 
The other thing is that DC needs to keep him humble and give him time. Marvel editorial didn't do that for… 
MARVEL Wolverine …….#wolverine #marvel #HughJackman #comics #xmen #marvelwolverine #vintage… 
Its Frank Castle Friday! How about a team up with Spidey?If you are a Punisher fan hit those #like &amp; #follow bu… 
Marvel fans continuing to erase a woman's importance in order to bring up yet another man? 
Super excited!!!  I'm doing a Marvel marathon leading to it.  Tickets are selling out real quick!!! 
Seriously? Kevin Smith Invented or at least the Poster  Child of the Modern day f… 
For #firstappearancefriday Dead of Night issue 11.. First appearance of Scarecrow ( #Marvel ). #firstappearance… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Action Figure Iron Man Thor Buster w Helmet No Chest Piece  flyingtr… 
Mmhmm. Jess Jones's baby was part of her introduction to comics, basic… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Xmen X-Men Blink LOOSE NO BAF Caliban Wave In Hand  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Action Figure Wolverine Unmasked No Claw Hands 2008  flyingtreasures 
The Avengers Tshirt is here on #Teepublic and #RESTOCKED again!35% OFF - 13 USD WORLD WIDE SHIPPING… 
"Ad:" Marvel Captain America 21-Inch Premium Format Statue  flyingtreasures 
Yep - I can't do it.  Rewatched episode 1 and like it even less than 2 years ago.  No way I am gonna waste another… 
Can Captain Marvel come out in hd already I'm tired 
SO I WAS WRITING a porn parody of the Marvel universe. At some point in the planned story lines we would have Sugar… 
Date night wrap-up! — watching Captain Marvel at Paragon Village 12 
Was awesome. Loved listening to both you guys opinions and thoughts on DC Marvel &amp; Video… 
Marvel Directors Joe and Anthony Russo Say They Are Developing a Stan Lee Documentary — GeekTyrant 
Congrats! Enjoy it there! Co… 
Saw Captain Marvel last night. Am I the only one that's particularly sad that we're almost certainly not going to… 
I just realized no one’s going to see any of my Marvel-related tweets and I won’t see anyone else’s leading up to y… 
Characters Likely To Survive After Endgame' #DisneyPlus #Avengers #Disney #Marvel… 
Endgame is out next week lol how nice of marvel to at least let me know when they’re gonna kill me 
Infinity War Endgame | Funko Mystery Minis | Blind Box #AvengersEndgame … 
I hardly see that from Marvel movies. 
I mean do you know there's a character named Captain Marvel? Then you don't need to see it before Endgam… 
“What is one scene that you’ve done for your character that you would love fans to remember forever and why?” // “F… 
captain marvel was solid venom was ... okay 
There's a plot hole in #CaptainAmerica 2. Cap tells Sam that if they're shooting at you, they're bad guys. Sam isn'… 
She-Hulk looks... different. 
"Ad:" LEGO 76103 - Marvel Super Heroes Avengers Corvus Glaive Thresher Attack - NIB!!  fl… 
I know there’s no way in hell that happens. But to me that would be so cool. *Boom* credits roll. People are sad/… 
Lol half off get it 
Warmin´ up: Conan!! #marvel #comics #artistgo #quadrinoschile #dibujos #talleres #cursos #clases #santiago #chile 
I got Black Panther &amp; Daenerys Targaryen! 
I’d be so pissed and upset. And if you think I’d continue watching Marvel movies, you’re right 
If y’all don’t recognize how much more beautiful Chris Hemsworth is when he plays Thor, we can’t be friends.  #goodlawd!! #Marvel #Thor 
Already seen Shazam and captain marvel, they are both good movies. Going to see hellboy tonight myself. 
Marvel give miles and Kate . Their own names 
Ranking Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, from worst to first ahead of 'Avengers: Endgame' 
She needs her own heroin name like miles needs his. Iron heart has hers why can't  they 
Is marvel reusing  name come on two hawk eyes two spider man. Let's get rid of this. We know peter Parker is  spide… 
Deal alert: MCU movie sale! A bunch of titles on sale for $10 apiece from Amazon, Apple, Google, and Vudu. Might ju… 
If it wasn't for Kevin Smith and Clerks we probably wouldn't have the fan culture… 
"Ad:" X-MEN Onslaught Marvel Comics ToyBiz Action Figure Pre Legends 1997 #48031  flyingt… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Hasbro Monster Venom BAF Series Poison Action Figure  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Hasbro Warlock BAF Series Shatterstar Action Figure  flyingtreasures 
Why such a push for the vast amount of new content? Do 100 o̶r̶i̶g̶i̶n̶a̶l̶s̶ experiments have to be… 
No I've  read them . I know what he did and that's  nothing  that peter could… 
VenomversePunisher War On LAAnnihilation (Death of Thanos)Secret Empire Prep and EventGrodd War, Flash WarMarv… 
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4! #PS4live (Marvel's Spider-Man)  live at 
Im watching all the marvel movies on Netflix with Dom this weekend lol 
Always thank Marvel for the Spider-Verse. 
At least I’m sick while seeing Captain Marvel for the second time, so it feels less bad spending 20 mins in the bat… 
I was reading an article about End Game and this came up in the suggestions and honestly I’m so sleep deprived that… 
Official WAR OF THE REALMS Soundtrack Theme by Marvel via #soundcloud 
#SHAZAM!'s MARY #MARVEL Says She has a Five-Movie Deal 
exactly I can safely say I wasn't crazy about her being the next big MCU thing but I was okay w… 
My heart is with Marvel.. Dc woman just sexy AF 
Please don't have Captain Marvel be a love interest in EndgamePlease don't have Captain Marvel be a love interest… 
Day 24) Most Powerful AvengerRight now Thor, but we'll see about Capt Marvel 
The plot holes in MCU movies that are only plot holes because of prior information provided in the te… 
Shazaam was way better than Captain Marvel.  You guys tried way to hard to make her cool and s… 
Just finish rewatching all the Marvel movies. I’m so ready for Avengers: Endgame next week  
Marvel ou DC? — Marvel! 
I have a strict interpretation of the MCU:If it pre dates Iron Man 1? Not MCU cannon.If it was not directly cont… 
One of Marvels dangerous criminals. Cross Bones; If he can go toe to toe with Captain America. Who’s to say he isn’… 
"Ad:" Stan Lee Marvel Comics Signed Autograph 3x5 Index Card Spider-Man Creator  flyingtr… 
"Ad:" MARVEL Five Fabulous Decades signed by STAN LEE comic books hardcover book  flyingt… 
Which is better?Captain Marvel or Wonder Woman? 
#marvel CALM TF DOWN WITH THE TV SPOTS! I feel like I’ve already seen the movie!! #avengers #aos #endgame 
Mary Marvel does not get enough love!  
Facebook account added 
Thanos dies by the hands of Captain Marvel #Endgame 
Get those credit cards ready! Brand new set of Marvel comic books arrive next week! 
definitive proof captain marvel is gay (spoilers) via you for the essay source 
Yall ever talk to someone who didnt grow up religous and marvel at the sheer volume of lowkey useless knowlege you have on the subject 
I'm SO with you.Great thread, BTW. You make a lot of good points that to me clearly i… 
Looks freaking awesome, reminds me of the Devilman/Sirene battle 
I've heard good things about Shazam, and I enjoyed Captain Marvel too. 
“Weak consequences” right only the consequences of the 5… 
Besides any marvel movie obviously... eternal sunshine of the spotless mind, shutter island, now yo… 
Winston is a huge fan of #BlackPanther 
My wife, who has never been to a movie by herself in her life, is planning to go see it alone b… 
What you mean is the “struggles” we have already seen in the 5 othe… 
Yassir Lester Couldn't Handle Meeting X-Men Writer Chris Claremont | This Week In Marvel 
Day 18) Team up that you want to seeHulk &amp; Spidey [Honorable Mention; Capt Marvel and Hulk]Those two together w… 
Oh to be Paul  
The ideal marketing strategy would have been to launch Disney+ tod… 
Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger 2x04 "Rabbit Hold"   #trakt 
Marvel Star Confirms He Won't Be In #AvengersEndgame - 
Now you are exalted to the highest placeKing of the heavens, where one day I'll bowBut for now I marvel at your s… 
I'm so glad I'm not the only adult afflicted with this. I'm going to see Marvel and Star Wars movies… 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Final Trailer (NEW 2019) Marvel Superhero Movie HD 
Read through some right wing zealots twits today and I always marvel how the sanctimonious god party is so fucking… 
Day 191: 4/19/2019                                    Shades  #LukeCage #Marvel   #365DaysChallenge 
Don Cheadle Delivered A Fitting Response To A Fan’s War Machine Remark - Marvel StudiosAs far as the Avengers go,… 
Al propio Captain Marvel(?  
Spider-Man: Far From Home - Director Jon Watts Talks Spider-Man, Nick Fury, and Richard Greico? #Marvel… 
They are joking here, playing it serious to be funny among the Avengers actors (inside baseball type… 
Shazam 5-Movie Plan Revealed by Mary Marvel Actress? 
"Ad:" Comics: Lot Of 5 Rare The Transformers (Marvel 25th Anniversary)  flyingtreasures 
Saw something about a new Spider-Man title and remembered how incensed I was in 1976 that Marvel would dilute the c… 
What's with y9u and marvel 
Or $70/year. With two Star… 
The Gifted Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming. #thegifted #fox #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks… 
"Ad:" Spiderman Green Goblin Unmasked Action Figure Marvel Comics  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends ENDGAME Captain America - New Armor 2019 Chris Evans MCU Thanos  fly… 
Does anybody have a cbr of Amazing Spiderman #19? 
Really? How disappointing a car ad starring a Marvel actor is showing on my feed #NoMoneyNoDesireForAnAudi 
Marvel studios don’t to spoiler its a surprise 
So...a Marvel Comics series about the Matador? 
Well, for Marvel vampires, they'll be hurt by any UV light, even artifici… 
Captain Marvel: Green Lantern (2011), but you know, actually good. 
A friend took me to dr strange when it came out and after that I fell in love with marvel! 
Herd a captain marvel review the movie sounds sexiest as for lack of better words heck 
Best animated Spider-Man movie, babyyy. #SpiderMan #intothespiderverse #bluray #marvel 
my favorite song AND marvel character in one video? yes please 
Cpt marvel or Shazam 
So playing for the 1st time and I like Overwatch BUT....wreaking ball seems to be seriously OP like captain marvel… 
If Tony Stark dies, we boycott Marvel until the Russos give us a different ending #Endgame 
Happy Birthday!! 
Ahhh by Marvel or something  
My boyfriend had never seen anything. The Harry Potter movies, Mean Girls (before I met him), most Disney movies, m… 
Captain America, Thor + 5 Other Marvel Superheroes Who Are Not As Good As We Think #Marvel #CaptainAmerica See mo… 
Endgame Audi Promo Debriefs Captain Marvel on Life Since the 90s 
Uncanny X-Men #145 (1st Series 1963) May 1981   Marvel Comics   Grade Fine+ via 
"Ad:" Stan Lee Marvel signed autographed 11x17 Photo Certified Coa Spider-Man  flyingtrea… 
"Ad:" Stan Lee Marvel signed autographed Comic Book Certified Coa-Captain America  flying… 
I saw a video on youtube that explained it all, but basically dc lost the copyright to any characters… 
JUST LISTED!!!#CaptainMarvel Walmart Exclusive Artgerm variant#Marvel #ComicBooks #MCU#Artgerm #Collectibles… 
No, they GAVE her a baby. A woman with deep issues in re parents and parenting due to h… 
If you had the No. 1 pick in the NFL Draft, but the only draft-eligible players were Marvel… 
Electric Has Gone Audi in Avengers EndgameAudi “The Debriefing” - Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame  #EVs 
I continue to marvel at the kindness of the Cult of ; we raised another $100 today for… 
My favorite thing about reading Spider-Man/Deadpool is what a Marvel nerd is, and how he just throws… 
To Develop Documentary #StanLee #Disney #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse… 
That would be cool! #stanlee #russobrothers #mcu #marvel"The directors behind Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers… 
Crazy to see the wonderful avengers series coming to an end but I am very excited for very bright future!… 
Ask which one of them will b… 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME &amp;quot;Take It All Back&amp;quot; #Trailer (NEW 2019) Marvel Superhero #Movie HD 
This summer, the epic saga of the Marvel Universe continues with Marvels: Epilogue #1 by Kurt Busiek and Alex Ross. 
Love a Marvel movie  
When does Captain marvel come out on Digital download? 
The professor and the mad manThe Tick (series) The chilling adventures of Sabrina ....some Marvel EndGane trailer lol 
Bro I dont care if you like Star Wars, Marvel, Pokemon, TMNT, etc. You shouldn't be called cringey and get flamed f… 
"Ad:" Comics: RARE! Marvel DEADPOOL Embroidered Snapback Cap (Lightning Bolt Design Version)… 
Get ready for 'Avengers: Endgame' by listening to podcasts about previous movies in the MCU. First… 
Too beautiful! And well Disney owns marvel so i guess he is one.... 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends Ultron Army Set Target Exclusive Rare Figures  flyingtreasu… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS EBONY MAW  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Disney Marvel Venom 4" PVC Figure- FREE SHIPPING!  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Black Widow Avengers Endgame Loose Figure From Target 2 Pack  flying… 
Bur how about being 58, and as enthusiastic as I am, and the competitive fire still… 
I would enjoy a limited run written by a good writer who then sends her back to her uni… 
I'm not as enthused with Marvel as I used to be but fuck this sentiment. These are movies for kids and they've only… 
DC comics have so much potential at making better movies than marvel but they're just too greedy. 
My favourite Marvel character drawn by one of favourite comicbook artists! 
Are you a super man fan? Check out our Superman section for some rare Superman adventures Comics - #comicbooks… 
...and Marvel is next... 
I have my ticket already and will be there at the first showing Bring on the action 
Disney and Marvel gonna send interns to the theater if this gets close to 300 mil lol. I tend to think t… 
I liked Cap Marvel a LOT more than Ant Man &amp; Wasp 
Didn't you also sell you comic collection to pay for Clerks? It's not like you've… 
Finally going to see Captain Marvel. I have been running out of time with Avengers coming out soon 
Your honesty and your earnestness are teo of the things we love about you and you… 
Just finished Avengers Infinity War.To those who have been absolutely foaming at the mouth for Endgame, who have… 
Black Panther: this movie is even more fun to rewatch. Beautiful movie, great soundtrack, and just overall super we… 
Is your bathroom out of date and not very functional? Vista Remodeling #BathroomRemodel can transform an antiquated… 
She-Hulk #1 (1st Series 1980) February 1980     Marvel Comics    Grade VF via 
i had watched iron man 1-3 when i was in middle school &amp; the first avengers in jr high but it all came full circle… 
I like how they try to spin this narrative that the MCU is an underdog and has a smear campaign against i… 
Having to see others stupidity 
#EggHunt2019 #Krewlive If you play t… 
Any good comic book recommendations? Currently reading Ben Reilly: Scarlet Spider and wai… 
Along with extremely sick children or ones that are like... borderline toddlers. My mom's exp… 
I saw Sif in one of the Marvel TV spots and so help me if she's not appearing in the MCU anymore t… 
Far From Home' Pushed Forward 3 Days #Disney #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #Sony #SpiderMan… 
I'm not a big Marvel guy as everyone who follows me here knows, but good God damn if the Avengers is not a great movie. 
Hey guys !!! Do you guys digging #comics and #nerdy things or the #marvel movies or the #dc shows !!! Well come che… 
Amazing Spider-Man #333 (1st Series 1963)June 1990  Marvel Comics   Grade NM via 
"Ad:" DIAMOND SELECT MARVEL AMAZING SPIDER-MAN MOVIE STATUE ~BRAND NEW~  flyingtreasures 
Ragnarok is my favorite Marvel. It's a really funny movie, and frankly the other Thor mo… 
Captain marvel the shit. Didn’t pass out once. 
"Ad:" LEGO 76105 Marvel Super Heroes The Hulkbuster Ultron Edition 1363pcs New  flyingtre… 
Black Panther is middle of the road Marvel. Very good for an origin story and with an ex… 
when i went to captain marvel i had the incredible urge to climb over the dividing wall next to the exit… 
I connected with Captain Marvel more than Shazam, I loved them both but, I’d give the slight edge to Captain Marvel. 
The fact that the mainstream comics have suffered losses since being “woke”… 
BUT! There’s also a good chance your baby could get free marvel ticke… 
And it wasn't LZ!!! Love tha… 
A marvel! Greatness 
From the cosmic minds of Jim Starlin and come the bookend chapters of Thanos’s quest for Infinity!  Get… 
Captain Marvel was terrific 
Tennessee will be ready! Mus… 
If I was in the Marvel universe I would totally hang out with The Guardians of the Galaxy because they are my kind… 
#fuckfox Why The Gifted Has Been Cancelled By Fox &amp; Marvel | 
MARVEL #Excalibur &amp; #ThePunisher ... …#Marvel #MarvelEntertainment #Comic #ComicCon… 
marvel:black widowblack catscarlet witchgamoramystiquedc:harley quinnblack canarycatwomanwonder womanme… 
Thanks man!!! 
Adventures on the Planet of the Apes  #9 (1st Series 1975) October 1976   Marvel Comics  Grade F/VF via 
I’ll be waiting with baited breath to marvel at the level of deception 
"Ad:" Comics: AVENGER assemble METALLIC STICKERS rare MIP OOP collectible HULK Marvel IRON MAN… 
"Ad:" THOR Loose Mint Avengers Infinity War Marvel Legends Cull Obsidian ser NO BAF  flyi… 
"Ad:" Spider-Man Gamerverse Marvel Legends Gamestop PS4 loose figure  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Captain America Civil War Blast Action 4x4 Avengers Hasbro  flyingtreasures 
I have to mute everything Marvel related. 
The Marvel Cinematic UniverseKotasWhy Shumaya Is The Best Song To Come Out Of South Africa In The Last 50 Years 
team Marvel 
This is so stunning hon. What type of pencils are you using for such vibrant colors? 
I really liked Captain Marvel 
I haven’t even seen Captain Marvel yet but I think she’s about to get to much credit for Endgame. 
I certainly agree. Thanks to the fans Keep tweet… 
I want to force myself to like Marvel movies just because of these guys  
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 Arrives July 19th to Nintendo Switch 
NEW bracelet for my comicbook people. This is in the Captain Marvel colors. $50 call or text me if you want it. 636… 
The discussion about the contractors / workers building the Death Star when it wa… 
If you think DC is better than Marvel... We can never be friends. 
Comics haul for the week, #batman, #justiceleague, #MajorX 2, #guardiansofthegalaxy, #truebelievers, dccom… 
Most of these are just good movies to watch instead of guilty pleasures, but regardless: 13 Going On 30… 
Avengers #159 (1st Series 1963) May 1977  Marvel Comics  Grade F/VF via 
Try to take a moment to reflect on how much money has been spent on the Marvel Cinematic Universe.… 
They just need to recast Captain Marvel already. It's not too late! Lol. Anyone but Brie Larson so… 
"Avengers is the most ambitious crossover event in 
ranking oficial 
The Eternals are about to go mainstream!  explains who they are so you can impress your friends bef… 
avenger stans love it when marvel spends 2 hours reintroducing all the characters all in separate scenes 
This Saturday and Sunday will try to marathon though as much marvel films as I can. I got 10 films left!!! 
Movie #2 of the day for our Marvel Movie Marathon with my sisters 
You see that would work if marvel did it well if they still did 
Oh even then the name will truly never be yours. It will never be miles . Never truly be his c… 
Captain marvel and Shazam was both good 
So was Marvel's accountant. 
This Summer marvel at Russell Crowe's transformation into ...Michael Noonan 
Captain marvel is Op asf but I bet thanos is still gonna beat her. 
CONTEST OF CHAMPIONSEndgame EditionVOTE FOR YOUR LEAST FAVORITE CHARACTER! NOT YOUR FAVORITE!Last Eliminated: 6.… 
A name is give not earned. If he keeps the name he will be a wanna be . And always a Tagalonge… 
Abe what would you have done if Joan liked DC more than Marvel? 
Long game is long 
Think you can export Marketo lists and share them anytime you want? Think again! Today’s Marvel Marketing Minute wi… 
A brief history of the insane precautions Marvel has taken to avoid movie spoilers from getting out… 
Marvel and DC don't do enough marketing for sure. 
#IronMan3 is my favorite in the trilogy. Don’t me. #Avengers #AvengersEndgame #Endgame #Marvel 
No.Captain Marvel does  
Marvel Studios' Avengers: Endgame - Official Trailer via only 1 week away from… 
My last name is Beaubier and I’m a professional actor. I ski, write and I’m an entrepreneur as we… 
Get Rewarded for being a Marvel Fan! Start earning points by joining Marvel Insider 
Awesome AVENGERS: ENDGAME Audi Promo Sees CAPTAIN MARVEL (And Goose) Learn About Living In 2019#Avengers… 
I will have to split this up into three categories. In the Marvel Extended Universe-… 
"Ad:" Comics: Rare Vintage Shazam Captain Marvel Club Kit  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel/Star Peter Porker The Spectacular Spider Ham 1-17 Comic Books Rare … 
What’s tragic is I’m not gonna be able to afford a ticket to Avengers any time soon because I’m about as poor as An… 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Cardback Lot Hawkeye Spider-Man Winter Soldier Iron Thor Hulk Wasp  f… 
"Ad:" Marvel The Incredible Hulk 12" Pose-able Action Figure 2013 The Avengers  flyingtre… 
If you haven’t gotten your tickets yet..WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?! We’ve opened up additional showtimes, but those… 
This needs to go viral. It’s the best mashup of all the movies. The ultimate recap of the MCU. (Marvel) End of th… 
Imagine if marvel decides to make a civil war 2 in the future. What a fucking mess the marketing will be 
The same today. Wilt was a different player. Physical marvel. GOAT 
Fast and Furious 9, John Wick 3, Spiderman : Far Fom Home, Avengers : EndGame, Us, Triple Frontier, Toy Story 4, Ca… 
Fingers crossed this one will, too: 
Marvel 
This may go down as one of my all-time favorite single pages in all of comic books ever. #Daredevil is f%*$ing amaz… 
Daniel marvel must be hit that Target  
#BreakingNews- Audi joins forces with Marvel Studios' 'Avengers: Endgame' in new ad campaign 
They looks dope Finally another artist that's a big marvel fan! 
I really gotta see this captain marvel tonight 
We are assembling the Avengers plus some other Marvel stuff. We are unboxing tonight!! Dont miss it on mixer.comOPG… 
Marvel went further and continued to develop the world, people, and relationships.The first major loss?  Hulk, wh… 
Last year round this time, consumed my mind so much that when I went to NYC I thought to myself, "hey I don… 
I have some polls then I will be posting on my Facebook and Twitter in the near future. #avengers #endgame #marvel #mcu #comics 
In 1 week, summer begins with the endgame. Get tickets to Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame in theaters April 26. :… 
I did drinking game marathons in college that involved taking a sip whenever Star… 
Seen all of them. In order: Captain Marvel, Shazam, Little, Hellboy.  Best movie I have seen last few… 
Or i can come over and we can watch marvel movies 
Dude. Dawg. Bro.... I f%*$ing love this book. This spread is amazing! #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy 
How many times are we going to see Thor calling storm breaker past captain marvel in every trailer/tv spot? By the… 
I really didn’t see myself being excited for not only a Taylor Swift album but also a marvel movie, but here we are. 2019 is wild 
The Incredible Hulk #188 (1st Series 1962-1999) June 1975  Marvel Comics  Grade VF via 
Why would you enjoy the Fox X-Men films not existing?As a long-time Marvel Comics fan, I'm excited to… 
From last night's episode I see STD timeline doesn't exist. It's all the virtual signaling that women m… 
People don’t talk about this enough. Such a pivotal point in the phase 3 story arch 
Last movie you saw — Captain Marvel 
15 - Spider-Man: Homecoming16 - Doctor Strange17 - Thor: Ragnarok18 - Black Panther19 - Los Vengadores: Infinit… 
Only one week away!-DOUBLE FEATURE-Friday &amp; Saturday, April 26th/27th:7:00pm - Box Office Open (Arrive Early)8:… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Found” TV Spot 
 on WEB OF VENOM CULT OF CARNAGE - Marvel Preps Absolute Carnage 
Do Marvel and DC hard core stans realize how annoying they are. They are forever bitter at any success from the o…… 
gonna do a marvel marathon with mom to prepare for Endgame (we wont watch all the movies) 
Nag rready for End Game, you still have a few more days. Hanggang Captain Marvel. 
What To Expect For Marvel Phase 4 
there’s a deal on marvel movies this weekend on vudu, might fuck around and buy a few and regret it  
They're ok for me though the last "Marvel Crowd" I dealt with was Captain America 3 which was a while ago. 
Coming Monday morning: The Marvel Cinematic Universe Special! It’s not easy picking a Top 5 Favorite Marvel Movies… 
"Ad:" Comics: AMAZING X-MEN #1 1995 RARE X-TRA 2nd PRINT EDITION HTF MARVEL COMICS DELUXE 
"Ad:" POM KLEMENTIEFF AS MANTIS AVENGERS INFINITY WAR MARVEL AUTOGRAPH AUTO CARD  flyingt… 
That will be what the haters claim for sure. Meanwhile Marvel gonna hire all the right people and make all the money. 
"Ad:" Hot Toys x MARVEL Captain America Civil War Cosbaby Cross-Bones - New  flyingtreasu… 
"Ad:" Marvel Super Hero Mashers Micro Spider-Man 2099 &amp; Venom Action Figures 2Pack NEW  f… 
"Ad:" Loose Marvel Legends X-Men Mystique figure 6" scale  flyingtreasures 
Ehhh... I'm of two minds on this. While I agree with the spirit of what you are trying to convey..… 
Don't let anyone fool you.  Captain Marvel is absolutely amazing!  Highly recommend it. 
Paying homage is kissing ass? 
Finally watched Captain Marvel. I’m feeling empowered 
Are you ready?  I can’t wait for round two.#thanos #endgame #marvel #avengersendgame #avengers #madtitan #comics… 
Doctor Strange #8  (2nd Series 1974) June 1975   Marvel Comics  Grade VF+ via 
Girls is the real marvel to look out for  so proud of your growth as an artist  
Things heard during Super Hero day at school. "Are you Captain Marvel?""Is there really a Spider WOMAN?""That's… 
Longing, Rusted, Seventeen, Daybreak, Furnace....#SeduceMeInFiveWords #Marvel*Not an original I know 
OK, SO... I haven’t kept up with the Marvel movies. I’ve seen several but I know not enough to feel I can watch End… 
In the #AvengersEndgame trailers ot looks like Captain America ain't coming back, if Marvel could just nooooooot!! 
How Captain Marvel, Valkyrie, Ant-Man, And Hawkeye Somehow Fit Into “Avengers: Endgame” 
I'll be at FanX in Salt Lake City today! Come see me at the Carol Danvers and Phase 4 of the Marvel Comic Universe… 
I don't really care about Captain Marvel. 
The Incredible Hulk #160 (1st Series 1962-1999) February 1973  Marvel Comics  Grade VF via 
I love Marvel Comics. I miss Stan Lee. I don’t know if I’m ok 
Marvel vs Capcom Infinite 
Marvel Cinematic Universe Weekend Flash Sale: "Avengers", "Ant-Man", "Thor" &amp; More $14.99 Each (UHD) VUDU, Fan...… 
Unpopular opinion: The avengers/marvel movies are good... Not great.  
You've got to check out that Hickman Avengers stuff I pointed you towards. They build towar… 
"The marvel of heaven and earth, of time and eternity, is the atoning death of Jesus Christ. This is the mystery th… 
A reboot?! The movie was good though, the hell? Great, now DC will be turned into Marvel. And Margot Ro… 
Live with some Marvel’s Spider-Man! And maybe apex later! Come hang out and have some fun!  
My sister got me Captain Marvel birthday decorations as part of my bday present. She knows me so well. I think I’m… 
For me I have MCU films I really enjoy but they're in a particular "lane"I could do witho… 
the discussion on who should've been the first Captain Marvel in the MCU is so dumb anyway because the movie is not… 
It’s my favorite Marvel movie, and too many people haven’t watched it.  
pls visit and marvel at the lovely design and interactions painstakingly worked on by my ve… 
Comic book cover of the day:Tony Stark: Iron Man #10 by via 
Countdown to #Endgame has begun which means he is only going to talk about this for the entire week… 
Endgame comes out in one week and I’m pretty sure I’m gonna watch it by myself bc none of my friends r marvel nerds 
one thing i've learned from reading #Marvel comics - no matter how incredible the technology that these good/bad gu… 
Why, why, ... WHY does Captain Marvel have to be in  End Game??? Seriously why...? 
"Ad:" STAN LEE SIGNED AUTO 11X17 MARVEL X-MEN ROGUE SEXY ART PRINT EXCELSIOR HOLOGRAM  fl… 
"Ad:" STAN LEE SIGNED AUTOGRAPHED 11 BY 14 PHOTO MARVEL COMIC UNIVERSE COA  flyingtreasur… 
Dear if you’re going to send me reminders to get my Avengers ticket please at least use the movie post… 
I trust you with a 32 pick Marvel’s superhero mock draft. No doubt 
I'd like to see Disney being a house of ideas again more than a house of IPsHonestly I'm… 
says she has never seriously considered joining the Marvel Cinematic Universe: "I've always liked mor… 
There is a dead skunk here at the road, it stinks as much as as Captain Marvel. You wish you were half of Tom Cruise...you wish 
The Marvel of Moscow took a masterful poo today. That is all. #poo #knittingabrownsweater #Relaxing 
Marquei como visto Marvel's Iron Fist - 2x2 - The City's Not for Burning #bancodeseries 
I completely agree! This is exactly what the comic book industry needs! 
My marvel joint 
Gonna skip it just like the Captain Marvel movie.  SJW’s in film can suck donkey turds. 
Stop it whenever I stop thinking about Endgame and how excruciating the waiting is you guys post… 
When people don't do their homework and it shows. Lol 
My 6 y/o daughter is super excited about End Game and seeing Captain Marvel in another movie. 1) I’m ta… 
Tonight! Catch the Godlazer experience at The Fox Theater in Boulder, Colorado... Proud to share the stage with Thr… 
Mario Maker 2 as a family game but Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: black hand for myself. 
Would you also bring me lasagna? 
Brie Larson’s Captain Marvel Has Some Hilarious Plans For Thanos in Avengers: Endgame 
Doctor Strange: not my favorite of them all, but dang Benedict Cumberbatch has some cool freaking powers. #Marvel 
I loved all your flicks til you sold out to big walrus. 
it's gone. marvel too. i'm just letting them go. 
Who gunna be at and tonight excited for first Thriftworks show and 5th marvel years show this year 
I ain’t even been this excited about any other marvel or regular movie, the anticipation for this real af anxiety t… 
if there are any connections between the loot lake silo and Marvel, this is the closest I could fin… 
I've made it to Phase 3 in my rewatch of the MCU, I've got this. 
the have sports nuts, rock &amp; roll freaks, and country music lovers but won’t put marvel stans on there bc they are… 
CLOAK &amp; DAGGER: Tyrone Hunts Down Connors In The New Promo For Season 2, Episode 5: "Alignment Chart… 
"Ad:" Marvel / Diamond Select Avengers Infinity War Iron Spider-Man 7" Action Figure  fly… 
"Ad:" Vintage Marvel Stickers Lot - Spider-Man Green Goblin Doc Ock 2002 holofoil RARE  f… 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Avengers Endgame Armored Thanos BAF 100% Complete  flyingtrea… 
Who is excited for Endgame? by more amazing art follow us #art #artist… 
In other news, and I watched #Shazam today. I find it interesting that #DC is moving into a similar… 
New #toystory4 Poster. #disney #pixar #toystory #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies… 
Ma Dong Seok (charming big-ass dude from ‘Train To Busan’) reportedly joins Marvel’s ‘The Eternals’: Actor Ma Dong… 
And you are a scruffy looking Nerf herder. 
10th egg! Captain Marvel egg! 
We’ve never watched a Marvel movie without each other, I’ve never known such betrayal. 
After weeks of cancellations &amp; rain checks my brother finally went to watch Captain Marvel without meI cannot fin… 
You made Clerks?! 
“I came in like a wrecking 
Fiiiiinally watched Cpt Marvel, a perfectly fine, enjoyable movie. But I'm definitely growing fatigued with this th… 
quasar (avril kincaid) // microsoft paint I tried this Pin (from Pinterest) I miss Avril Kincaid#marvel… 
Infinity War and captain Marvel 
9th egg folks! Captain Marvel egg achieved! 
Jesse Rath actually posted this for a Brainiac 5 pic last week lol 
You seem like a nice and intelligent human. 1. Mueller is a republican. He isn’t “my bitch”. He al… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Summer Begins” TV Spot via 
Disney hadn't purchased/bastardized either I.P. at that point in time though 
Damn, everyone has to work.... 
What I have done so for I’ll probably have 15 total of the 5x7s with a little color (or fully colored depends on th… 
We interrupt this DC opening to bring you a Marvel movie. 
Put it this way he needs  a new name.  Like night wing ain't calling himself Batman now is he 
If AOC can be a politician, then there might just be hope for me in becoming Thor on day... or Batman...Or Bat-Thor… 
Marvel: We have the biggest crossover of the year.HBO: Hold my milk! 
Miles will never be spider man he just needs a new name not saying he's a bad hero he needs a… 
that's probably because Kelly is straight and oblivious and she was WAY too invested on Kate since h… 
I've always been a huge fan of your fandom. 
Currently watching all the marvel movies that lead up to #AvengersEndgame 
Wow lol someone got there undies in a bunch lol 
Ragnarok is the only perfect marvel movie but ok 
I didn't even think to go rewatch Captain Marvel on Wednesday before Endgame's premier!!! I know what… 
Watching the Marvel Phase 3 highlight with CANT CHOOSE WOMAN!!!! Phase 3 is the… 
Discover All 40 of the 'Avengers: Endgame' Twitter Emojis 
The Thing is a Marvel comics super hero who has the appearance of being made of orange rock.A member… 
From the archives: Captain Marvel arrived in theaters and has gone higher, further, and faster in the box office. Is 
Good. I saw CAPTAIN MARVEL. 
it would be AWESOME to see Jason Lee be cast as Stan "The Man" Lee!  can you make… 
Watch: Gets #CaptainMarvel Up to Speed | 
Avengers: Endgame releases in one week! Order your tickets on Fandango today!!! 
Our kickstarter is LIVE! Get your limited edition comic book now. #comics #anime #cosplay… 
Pro-tip: Photon blasts will void your warranty. Watch our short film with Captain Marvel and the Audi #etron here:… 
Avocado toast costs HOW MUCH? Watch Captain Marvel get a crash course in pop culture, tech, and the Audi #etron rig… 
Seen in Lincoln. Watch out, #kilgrave #purpleman 
Marquei como visto Marvel's Cloak and Dagger - 2x3 - Shadow Selves #bancodeseries 
This 59-hour Marvel movie marathon might just break me via 
Reasons I'm not responsible lol:I just spent like $70 on 13 Marvel movies lmaooooooooooooo 
Captain America: Danvers, I need you to-Captain Marvel: Uh, no.CA: Excuse me?CM: I don't take orders from men.Audience: *leaves* 
I Will Never Not Be Bitter Over Marvel Rising 
Just is the f**k Capitan 
I wish Rod Reis wasn’t Marvel exclusive. I would love to see him draw a DC book. 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War $10 each &amp; More 
Booked all the way in Northern Cape  
Now all you need is a Captain Marvel Combat Helmet 
Today is the SIXTEENTH DAY of our MCU Marathon up to #AvengersEndgame!We have SIX Days left until you can LEGALLY… 
This is absolutely correct.In the comics before Marvel decided to turn it into a mocke… 
hey Brie my name is Ayanle I am a big fan of your work captain marvel is a cool superhero 
VictorySubstitutionExemplarRecapitulation Satisfaction And more....All beautiful. All glorious. All necess… 
Prepare For the Fight of Your Lives as Avengers: Endgame Sweeps Across Marvel Games 
I had to drop Marvel off at daycare in my Winter Soldier cosplay 
clicked so fast on all the content with marvel related in it because im so desperate to getting any hint 
#CuriousPokémonTrainer and #DC #Marvel #Animation #Lover#who has #watched this #super #awesome #movie  
Captain Marvel stronger than Thor?? Brie Larson sure thinks so! 
Catching up on your world architecture: Why the #construction of #notredame was an engineering marvel in 1200s. The… 
1 week to go, I can’t wait! #1weektogo #marvel #movie #cinema #avengersendgame #avengers #endgame #ironman… 
I need to update this 
Captain Marvel Catches Up on Life Since the ’90s in Audi Promo for Endgame 
Captain Marvel Catches Up on Life Since the ’90s in Audi Promo for Endgame Captain Marvel… 
Bring on the action You’ll see me at the theater #OpeningNight. I can’t wait to see Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame 
Ulta and Marvel Dropped an Avengers #makeup Collection,.... #beautyexpert #beautyboxfashion 
I heard someone say that Marvel is better then DC. That may have been true, until Marvel made a million and one movies. (Of the Averages) 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends Series 9 2005 BAF Galactus Complete - Excellent Paint and RARE… 
"Ad:" Comics: Silver Surfer #100 (Jan 1995, Marvel) RARE Marvel Watch Cover High Grade NM 
"Ad:" Comics: MARVEL - AMAZING SPIDER-MAN DM VARIANT OMNIBUS VOL. 3 HC - SEALED  flyingtr… 
MARVEL'S GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY: MISSION BREAKOUT! - Check Out New Stills From The Upcoming Multi-Part Story… 
Captain Marvel Is Still Doing Incredibly Well, Despite Being On Fewer Movie Screens 
I blame Marvel movies and the Big Bang Theory. 
Let me save you the trouble....it's Groot who kills everyone. Rocket snaps him out of his killing spree,… 
Marvel won’t be the same without you  
probably not. America is unique in the mu… 
X-men cosplays I'd like to doKurt Wagner Quintavious Quire-Other various Marvel cosplays-Loki [Comic and mcu]C… 
10 Things We Wish Marvel Didn’t Reveal About Avengers Endgame – CBR 
Got the Marvel fam watching over me so I don't fuck up at work too bad #Shazam 
Thor is the second strongest hero in the Marvel universe, right under the Hulk. That includes the magical/en… 
Cpt marvel's smile at that scene 
1 week! #1weektogo #marvel #movie #cinema #avengers #endgame #ironman #captainmarvel #captainamerica #thor #hulk… 
So Captain Marvel is now a dark colored gal in the comics? 
 bear1na: redskullspage: Deadpool by Greg Horn  Deadpool #45 Marvel Comics 50th Anniversary variant... 
Marvel...On Our Lord’s Holy Sepulcher.On the Holy Reverence of Joseph of Arimathaea  and Nicodemus.… 
one more week, one more week, one more week 
Exactly. I am very curious on how the MCU will look like post Endgame. I agree the… 
Could someone pleaaase help me, I'm searching for a senior quote (marvel related) and I can't chose:… 
Cannot wait! So excited! #AvengersEndgame #endgame #marvel 
We had an amazing group of super heroes from Heroic​ come and visit the Family Room families. There was Spider Man,… 
Inhumans, and also the latest Hellboy, ended up being unrealized views. The so… 
Marvel fan?  You gotta see this. Amazing. 
If every concert video doesn't bring it like Beyonce's #Homecoming from now on they need to reassess whether they s… 
So, hasn’t tweeted since March 24th. You think Marvel locked him out until after EndGame? 
I dont get the fatigue argument based on numbers. Sure, you can debate on the quality and your o… 
Get it? Larson plays Captain Marvel, so that explains the joke. 
Yes... and to a lesser degree Cap Marvel. I mean... 
Jim Starlin? Yeah DC paid him better for something smaller he contributed to rather than… 
Ok but hear me out: what if, instead of flowers, it was Marvel and Star Wars characters? 
People saying #Eternal will be a flop. I mean, I get the property is unknown, but... really? Hsn’t the st… 
 that’s literally how you’ll know you found the right girl? You:Jesus?… 
So you mean 20 and 30 year old Marvel fans? 
Thor &gt; Captain Marvel 
hehe yeah. just hoping marvel gives it the attention it deserves and not just half-ass it for views 
Marvel Cloak and Dagger Season 2 Episode 4 Rabbit Hold Reaction via 
ONE WEEK TODAY!!! Avengers - Endgame  #Marvel #Avengers #AvengersEndgame 
Apparently Marvel’s Create Your Own platform for fan comics just launched on iPad. As a reminder, their Terms of Se… 
I'm on #Flirt4Free now for a special show that only true Rus Beverly fans can see! Want to join? 
Brees is Captain America Cameron Jordan is Iron ManAlvin Kamara is Black PantherMi… 
Marvel: Iron Fist and Doctor Strange. Possibly Mosaic(is he still a thing?)DC: Batman and Justice League Dark 
Have you Pre-booked?.... Coz Imax &amp; 3D are sold out in Jozi &amp;Centurion 
What To Expect For Marvel Phase 4 via 
The 12 Marvel movies you need to see to make the most of ‘Avengers: Endgame’ next 
Hands them edits over when you’re ready. I’m all for it. 
Sure, there are better things to spend $1,300 on. But it's fun to dream about having that level of disposable incom… 
You: I WANT DEATHS TO FEEL REAL!… 
Entertainment Earth - #Funko Sale Continues, Immortal #Hulk &amp; New Daily #Marvel 
Awwww I knew it! His voice is truly a marvel! Congrats #Taehyung peoud of you! 
Updated:1. Civil War2. Winter Soldier3. Black Panther4. The Avengers5. First Avenger6. Ant-Man7. GOTG Vol 2… 
watching Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War, Captain America: Civil War $9.99 Each &amp; M… 
Here's Valkyrie, the 3rd cover variant for #WARoftheREALMS that I had the pleasure to work on! Made with… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Comics Collector’s Edition And Super Heroes - Very Rare Comics!  fly… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Premiere Classic Volume 49 Thor The Warriors Three Hardcover RARE OOP NEW… 
Audi “The Debriefing” - Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame via 
Even still, it doesn’t have to make a billion to be successful. Especially wit… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers Infinity War Proxima Midnight w/ Thanos Piece  flyingtreasu… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers Endgame Ronin Hawkeye 6" Action Figure Loose No BAF  flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Planet Hulk Gladiator Disney Store Diamond Select Figure- Loose  flyi… 
Age of Ultron. I'm generally of the opinion that it has some pretty decent stuff going on, but Marvel's interferenc… 
Cheap Funded on SharkTank: Marvel Deadpool Talking Bottle Opener and Desktop Collectible – Best Push Down Automatic… 
Coming back to this topic, X-Men + SJW or Marvel + SJW or comics + SJW.Im sure people already reckoned with this.… 
Fight Me Friday: The Marvel Cinematic Universe is #AvengersEndgame… 
Shazam was fantastic. If DC had been making movies like this for the last decade as Marvel has, Trump wouldn't be p… 
How often do you buy clothes? — Not very often, especially since thia bitch just wasted a BUNCH on money on Marvel… 
DUMBO&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Shazam, captain marvel 
She did! Calls from relatives, a pizza of her choice, and tickets to Captain Marvel. (We haven't seen it yet.) 
This may be of interest to you, for the Captain Marvel stan. 
and - pls find a way to publish a ROM Omnibus (and have doing the cover… 
Yeah, criticism isn't hate. I called her unprofessional for how she behaved. It's not t… 
 Audi “The Debriefing” - Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame via 
CAPTAIN MARVEL now showing in 3D! 2D sir Sunday showing and the Thursday Matinee. Visit for… 
Marvel’s Cloak and Dagger review: Parallel journeys 
Like, Groot is a freaking household name. Marvel has really done it. Still blows me away. 
When the truth's not so simple... (Captain Marvel vol. 5, #20, Peter David/ChrisCross) 
I 100% feel like Marvel threw them together b/c they were both Marvel's forefront Afri… 
The superhero life is a weird one (Captain Marvel vol. 5, #20, Peter David/ChrisCross) 
#MCU marathon on track. has been doing the things to the pots for 10  years  countdown to #AvengersEndgame 
I don’t have a crowdfunded comic. Never said I did. I just read them. I read Marvel and… 
Marvel? 
I don't like the regular Marvel/DC superhero stories.In my imagination, a superhero would gather all those respon… 
And the universe grows #moviemarathon #marvel #MCU #guardiansofthegalaxyvol2 #starlord #egolivingplanet… 
Dead or Alive 5 Last Round PC Mods - Black Panther (Marvel) via 
Sadly, I suspect that would only be the case if it was a G7… 
Today on the blog, I discuss my reaction to watching all 21 current movies in the marvel universe over a span of 21… 
#ICYMI #Spidermanhomecoming moves up to a July 2 start date. 
I said what I said and stand by it. Bottom-3 Marvel film for me. 
Is she not on his intellectual level or is she just stupid. Counting in Japanese is a marvel for a white child and… 
#locks #luggage #onlinestore #onlineshopping #shoppingonline #offers #onlineshop #deals #shoppingLimited Time Offe… 
On this #EasterWeekend I think we shd all… 
why don’t you produce a figure based on Marvel comics Avenger Yellowjacket? 
And people thought I was a goofy idiot for having seen Dumb and Dumber a mere seven times in the theater. 
Marvel and DC could be relevant as publishing houses again, but are unwilling to spend the money to… 
Into #anime #comics #cartoons #Scifi? Go to #comiccon?Are you a hardcore #cosplayer?  #cosplay #otaku #costumes… 
And that's the other thing.  Marvel and DC are not "all comics."  The manga readers are being repla… 
finally watched captain marvel.. now there’s a superhero  
2019 New Pop fashion Toys Keychain Marvel Captain America Iron Man Groot 
Will ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Finally Address ‘Captain America: Civil War’? - Marvel StudiosEarlier this month, Marve… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends X-Men SDCC Convention Exclusive X-force Wolverine logan Rare 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends 6” Erik Killmonger (Okoye, Black Panther) Action Figure - NEW  flyin… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends BLACK PANTHER action figure (Okoye BAF Series)  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Thanos Marvel Select Disney Store Exclusive 7" Action Figure  flying… 
Need something to listen to on the way to work this fine #friday ? Look no further than out #CaptainMarvel #Shazam… 
Boy band da marvel 
We'll bring the popcorn! Perhaps bring our Spicy Nacho Cheddar too  
NEW Marvel Avengers Captain America #Endgame Pop &amp; Tee combo online only at FYE  for Pre-Order:… 
21 movies in a decade will come to an end in a week. And I swear by all the gods, IF CAPTAIN MARVEL IS THE ONE TO K… 
and great work on the Amazing connecting variant for Symbiote Spider-Man 1 finally anno… 
Have you watched Captain Marvel? 
Wisconsin Man Breaks Record By Watching 'Captain Marvel' 116 Times 
Mary Marvel by Mario Chavez #comicart 
Have no idea how it came up, but at the deli yesterday, I had a wonderful conversation about the original Captain M… 
Your move, Marvel. 
New post: VIDEO: AUDI TEAMS UP WITH MARVEL STUDIOS ON “AVENGERS: ENDGAME” DIGITAL SHORT 
Not #FF these people is practically, BREAKING THE 
'The New Mutants' Reportedly Delayed Again 
A woman can take three bags for a two night trip and a guy a hold on bag that doesn’t need check in . Everytime I fly I marvel 
Marvel: Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover in 
Day 6- in UNDER a week’s time, I’ll know how Thanos FALLS! #11daytshirtcountdown #marvel #mcu #avengers #endgame ma… 
Honestly, they are so stupid. Like, oh no Brie Larson definitely saw your last tweet and YouTube comme… 
Yes. But Shazam is DC and for one reason or another, they lost the rights to use the name Captain Marvel. 
bourne15073:goodlucktothis:The Lastest Avengers Merch ! ! !&gt;&gt; You can check out below:Hoodies:OO1 &gt;&gt; OO2… 
Marvel...On Our Lord’s Holy Sepulcher.On the Holy Reverence of Joseph of Arimathaea  and Nicodemus.On the Hol… 
I will forever say this till I die, Thor Ragnorok is the best and most underrated Marvel movie of all time! 
Our local theater is doing a Marvel Studios 22 movie marathon.  That’s a lot of  
Marvel x adidas N3XT L3V3L “Captain America” coming April 26th 
Marvel: "Avengers: Infinity War is the best crossover ever"Me: 
Marvel x adidas Marquee Boost “Thor” drop April 26th 
"Ad:" Comics: Hulk Pitt # 1 Rare Newsstand Variant Dale Keown Marvel Comics 1997  flyingt… 
If Marvel can rehire James Gunn, COPA 90 can bring back Poet #PoetIn 
someone should really collect /translate Koike’s Hulk manga 
Who should check out my latest podcast? Well, you should. We cover Marvel, Star Wars, and DC Universe news includ… 
Ok. Confused. I’m not a comics expert but I had a youth. Wasn’t “Shazam” the word Billy Batson would say to turn… 
We cover tons of big news this week including:- Disney+ Pricing- shows- The Mandelorian-… 
Marvel Death's Head is back, yes?#MarvelDeathsHead 
Watched Captain Marvel today, that Stan Lee splash screen had me in tears in the first 3 seconds.Also, fucking gr… 
See every company that Disney owns collected in a single, enormous map 
Wolverine is the most powerful and bad ass of all Marvel characters. Deal with it. 
Finally going to see Captain Marvel today. 
We’ve been following this too, though Captain Marvel wasn’t in order  
I saw Captain Marvel 
Join and get curated goods from all your favorite fandoms -- such as #StarWars, #Marvel, #DC, and more! -… 
#DoctorStrange for Marvel and #Shazam for DC. 
Many folks are hearing about The Eternals for the first time with the announcement of an impending movie.  Read up… 
Black Widow Marvel Avengers Endgame shirtThe post Black Widow Marvel Avengers Endgame shirt appeared first on Clo… 
Marvel Avenger Endgame dalmatian vengers Avengers shirtThe post Marvel Avenger Endgame dalmatian vengers Avengers… 
New Marvel Superhero squad: Pharmateam 
I think she should be promoted to Major Marvel. Just sayin' #Avengers 
Gob smacked at the lack of people saying Robbo here. Captain Marvel! Plus the bonus that he was used… 
The Human Torch sketchcard #humantorch #fantasticfour #johnnystorm #marvel #marvelcomics #sketchcard #comicbookart… 
With Doctor Strange, Marvel finally served up some spectacular FX eye candy 
OMG! I totally owned this as a teenager! I loved how bizarre some of the Marvel Team-up issues used to be! To see J… 
why has March-April been so rough in terms of box office and critic reviews(expect for captain marve… 
The missing ‘Avengers’ return: Paul Rudd and Jeremy Renner are back for ‘Endgame’Over the course of 10 years, Mar… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Amazing Spider-Man #546 Sketch Variant cgc 9.8 rare Brand New Day. … 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Premiere Classic Volume 76 Captain America Red Glare Hardcover RARE OOP… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Premiere Classic Volume 29 Thor Balder the Brave Hardcover RARE OOP NEW… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers Endgame Black Widow Head Weapons New Target 2-Pack  flyingt… 
Come on Marvel, we need the brohug. 
Jane Foster Thor! #upperdeck #marvel #thor 
watching Captain Marvel at Orange Farm 
We love you Alot. more than Alot. Whole world loves  u. Not only the world e… 
Lol, not that it's as bad as you make it. I just think it came post infinity war and any… 
Lol, way worse, for me. I don't really think Captain Marvel was that bad, it just came post infinity wa… 
NPR Movie News: Wisconsin Man Breaks Record By Watching 'Captain Marvel' 116 Times 
Avengers Endgame Captain Marvel Costume Jacket 
Wisconsin Man Breaks Record By Watching 'Captain Marvel' 116 Times - 
New story on NPR: Wisconsin Man Breaks Record By Watching 'Captain Marvel' 116 Times 
#IWasDestinedToBecome an Avenger. Call me, Marvel peeps! 
See every company that Disney owns collected in a single, enormous map – BGR #Disney #DisneyPlus #Fox  
How Kevin Feige Super-Charged Marvel Studios Into Hollywood’s Biggest Hit Machine via 
Stayed in pjs all day. Slept a lot, continued our #Marvel marathon with Dr Strange and made 2 different types of Tu… 
hahaha. 1-2-3 - I think I'm having a boy ... Nope, a vampire. Bella Swan feelings.M… 
Marvel Captain America Boys  39  Captain America Pajamas Size 5 Blue 2019 
Captain Marvel was pretty sick, would recommend.  
I’m ticking more marvel movies of the of my list rather than revision topics  
Check out Vintage MERMAID TAIL PEARL 12k gf  pendant &amp; 18" chain necklace Marvel Ocean sea 
#CaptainMavel 8 cover by and for #MARVEL 
Enter giveaway for a Captain Marvel prize pack! 
Not a marvel fan but i enjoyed it 
A man in Wisconsin just broke a Guinness World Record for how many times he saw the Captain Marvel movie. The story on This Morning. 
Ant Man Genuine Leather Jacket On SALE with FREE #AntMan #AntMan&amp;TheWasp… 
Hey i don't know if you guys still own the rights for the Marvel Ultimate Alliance 1 &amp; 2 but do you guy… 
marvel put a gun to jake gyllenhaal's head and made him get instagram but they can't do the same to Cowards... 
I watched Captain Marvel... and.. ya neh... Marvel shoulda rather made a movie on Black Widow  _.. 
So Captain Marvel is a 2 hour long therapy session 
Lol it would've been a whole marvel movie  
If the fact that all issues of Captain Marvel sold out and got second printings doesn't prove that's… 
If it doesn't come up in conversation, usually atm captain marvel comes up and I'm like "wow can I jus… 
TONY STARK is the FATHER of the MCU. STAN LEE being the FOREFATHER. 
"Ad:" Marvel Comics Avengers Endgame Plush Captain America Movie Soft Doll 12" New   flyi… 
I just took this quiz 
Finished up this piece I started after #AvengersInfinityWar. Getting hyped for #AvengersEndgame #Thor #Marvel… 
Marvel: Iron Fist or maybe even Ghost Rider.DC: Richard DragonGotta put him up against either an occ… 
Next week this time, we (Marvel fans) shall all be in a frenzy and twitter will be going crazy.#AvengersEndgame #MarvelStudios 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War, Captain America: Civil War $9.99 Each ...… 
Chris Hemsworth looks like James Hetfield. Play in Metallica biography movie. #jameshetfield #kirkhammett… 
Dear You can stop hyping up #Endgame now. We have been hyped since 2008. We've been on this train all the… 
This week on #TNFW we take a look at the #StarWars9 #trailer Are you as pumped as we are to see it this Christmas?… 
Nah Captain marvel 
The trucks of Polynesia: A true marvel of public transit &lt;&lt;&lt; via 
It's a children's movie. It's not like they're going to develop it into their own "Disney's Marvel" or so… 
This weekend is for Marvel. If I finish before Monday, I'll have at it. 
Are you kidding me 
What is the exact way to watch them (in order) ? I could ask google but to show your true marvel geekness… 
Scarlet Witch - Avengers. .Cosplayer: corinnacosplay ..: girl_with_the_blue_hair ..#cosplay #scarletwitch… 
Welp....  #BrieLarson #tomcruise #captainmarvel 
I uploaded a new episode, "Disney Plus Ultra!", on #spreaker #brucewayne #dcuniverse #disney #endgame #mandelorian… 
"Ad:" Black Panther (DVD,2018) Brand NEW** Action, Marvel, FREE SHIPPING USA!!  FlyingTre… 
Dear Autocorrect,When I’m typing the name Thanos, I MEAN ‘THANOS’! NOT ‘THANKS’!Learn Marvel characters or GET REKD.With love,Alfonso 
Watch Marvel &amp; # 39; s Cloak and Dagger Promo 2×05 "Alignment Table" (HD) Season 2 Episode 5 Promo 
Rewatching all of the #Marvel films before April 25th  
Marvel Cane Corso CCvengers tshirt 
Happy GOOD FRIDAY!! 
Oh god is this another in the long line of whiny Captain Marvel/Brie Larsen hate videos? Jesus will these… 
who is your favorite character from Game of thrones  and The marvel movies? 
D&amp;D 1st edition-First game I ever playedTraveler 1st edition-First sci-fi rpg.Nightlife-Terriffic… 
marvel loves hurting me 
Mel and I flew too close to the sun thinking we could watch 2 marvel movies in one night,,, this is what happens wh… 
I want to see Captain Marvel again 
"Ad:" LEGO Marvel Super Heroes Spider-Man Spider-Cycle Chase (76004)  FlyingTreasures 
Eve’s 4 Panel ComicsCaptain America &amp; Black PantherThere’s more manliness in this exchange that in all Marvel c… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Found” TV Spot 
Much more pleasing visit to Marvel than my last time against St Kilda when McVeigh was still playing. 
 superheroesincolor: Magnificent Ms. Marvel #1 (2019)  // Marvel Comics Story: Saladin Ahmed,... 
"Ad:" Fantasy: 2019 Marvel Avengers Endgame CAPTAIN MARVEL 6" Action Figure RARE NEW SEALED  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Comics: Scarlet Spider Volume 1 Life After Death Marvel Hardcover RARE Yost Stegman 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Encyclopedia Volume 3 The Hulk Deluxe OHC Hardcover RARE 2003 1st Print… 
"Ad:" Marvel Avengers Age Of Ultron Hulk Voice Changer Mask, Sound Like The Hulk  FlyingT… 
"Ad:" Red Goblin 6" Action figure from Marvel Legends Wave 11 Brand new  FlyingTreasures 
Thoroughly enjoyed Captain Marvel. Enjoyed the empty car parks and quiet streets even more. 
i cant believe im gonna let marvel fuck me up in 5 days (again) 
11 days before the screening Captain America: The First Avenger Captain Marvel Iron Man Iron Man 2 
#majorx is its own thing but you can't deny the inspiration? Yeah yeah I know 2 issues is too soon b… 
9 great Los Angeles birthday cakesThis is not a story about those garish kids cakes shaped like trucks or massive… 
Oh?U 2 get irritated?  I thot  u'd  marvel at positive criticism  s  a journo. But ok  cool...I won't do name calling.. 
Marvel should release dark Phoenix already  
Avengers Tower Promo Now Available, Captain Marvel Print Too 
Five of mine: Pirates of the Caribbean (favourite franchise ever), Star Wars, Marvel (started watching t… 
Fox cancels Marvel series, NBC and CBS save three showsFox cancels two young shows, but the news is not all bad f… 
The cast of Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger guess the Marvel character — Giftionary 
Marvel movies 
The behind shootout continues at Marvel Stadium #AFLNorthDons 
Not yet chana, still looking for it in the net. Err enkari ya bora Captain Marvel, I haven't heard people talk about it. 
Avengers Tower Promo Now Available, Captain Marvel Print Too 
Korea’s Captain Marvel 
I want this character to be good, and I've defended the movie. Hoping that would use the arrogance and lone… 
So captain marvel is in End Game. Now I'm forced to watch her movie just to figure out her role. 
‘Shazam!’ Review: DC Heads Deeper Into Marvel Territory - #Shazam #Marvel #DC 
Anyone else find it strange that Scarlet Witch lost her fucking accent in the later Marvel movies? 
They’re big on supporting ideologies of exclusion, sale re bona ka Captain Marvel  now you see they don’t care abo… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Star Lord NO Groot BaF Loose  FlyingTreasures 
That’s makes no damn sense. How do you know that I spent less money on DC than you? You… 
got a couple of ideas for #battlemode. First is Nightwolf (M… 
Pitiful, Marvel fanboy. Pitiful. You replied to my tweet just to talk shit? Did I mention Captain Marvel? No. 
21 Days – 21 Marvel Movies 
Hey Guys! I'm going to FanX (Salt Lake Comic-Con) on Friday! Come and see me maybe! #FanXSpring #FanX #StarWars… 
I bought Lego Marvel Heroes 2. If you play Star-Lord you can hold a button down to listen to his music. He will dan… 
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes Avengers Tower (40334) Promotion Now Live 
My second life exists and it can for you too. This world can marvel mustard Your making me your nut will not stand 
My Meme. E… 
Captain Marvel:do I like her or no / rip blockbuster / you can’t trust anyone / so are Kree good or bad? / poor Sk… 
Funny enough I was playing Lego marvel for the lols with an old friend 
Marvel Contest of Champions hack update !Generate free units &amp; golds !Click : 
Classic  
It’s interesting watching Guardians of the Galaxy after Captain Marvel… 
You guys are having way too much fun on that press tour.  
I feel you on that, but’s it’s funny you mention that. Marvel purposely misleads you with their tra… 
Truly surprises me that any film production company would release a movie in the same month or, at the very least,… 
I think of Marvel lol 
I went back and re-read the Marvel early voyages comics that focus on Pike 
Enter to win The Ultimate LEGO Marvel Avengers Spring Giveaway! #giveaway #contest #win #sweepstakes  
On this day we as believers in Jesus Christ remember His death on the cross.  May you have a blessed Easter. May yo… 
Sorry, Mitch, I didn't realize. At least you have good taste in Marvel heroes.But again,… 
Finally saw Captain Marvel and I loved everything about it, but I just have to say ... the cat. I mean, it was the… 
#PT1. Not sure, but I remember liking James and the Giant Peach and RL Stein novels a lot.2. The Flash, Batman,… 
Taehyung as Starfire ! I was super inspired by ‘s Jimin as Captain Marvel and I’ve always thought TAE… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS AVENGERS ENDGAME HERCULES THANOS BAF WAVE IN HAND!  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel's: Avengers Infinity War DVD - Free USPS Shipping  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends ROCKET RACCOON Loose from Avengers Infinity War Toys R Us 3 Pack  Fl… 
Feat and ...All of our predictions for #AvengersEndgame 
I uploaded a new episode, "#82 | My Name Is Duncan and I'm A Victim of Endgame Spoilers", on #spreaker #avengers… 
He doesn't have a contract with marvel after end game 
Also it occurs to me Captain Marvel is in these lists twice also.  It’s funny how you can start to a… 
ppsstt Ashley's beanie ;)Daredevil Punisher Reversible Beanie Hat Loot Crate Marvel Exclusive 
So do the heat and Gabba is better place to play than shitty Marvel 
peter parker has been spider man sense stan created him way before miles was even a thoughtSo no miles is a  wanna be 
Jah nah create past, nor did He create future. To maintain perfect freedom from the methamphetamine emotional sapie… 
Your welcome!  And ah okay, thats definitely a good idea! I do like Marvel but probably not as much to… 
marvel marathon update: Black Panther makes my heart so happy and most def my favorite part of the MCU. what’s your… 
AFL Scoop:North Melbourne v Essendon,Marvel Stadium**LATE CHANGES**North Melbourne: NilEssendon: Zac Clark… 
I know I’ll love it, I really like to love every marvel release. So I guess I’m just not too concerned with how it will turn out. 
LEGO Marvel Avengers Tower now available for free with purchase [News] 
This is why we love Marvel 
LOw Tech Marvel: 
Thank you!Well, there won't be much of a crowd. I only saw like 4 seats taken at the show I'm goi… 
Can’t wait to see the joker movie  #joker #batman #harleyquinn #dc #dccomics #gotham #suicidesquad #art… 
Qual Marvel? 
Just rewatched Captain Marvel and man this movie is really not good. It had so much potential but just kinda dropped the ball 
#AvengersEndgame 1week to go eagerly waiting for movie by  my 5 year  son 
Hey there folks! I'm MK, a former senior game/graphics programmer who decided to try out prop making as a career pa… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Dr. Strange Vs Dormammu 
X-23 is the biggest character Marvel ever created in the 2000s decade. Too bad she wasn't involved in the Civil War conflict. 
you a marvel super super fan freak? 
Dear Kerem fansThe amazing efforts you're doing with me for our sweetheart Kerem, brings me so much joy and grati… 
500 tweets in 7 hoursRead my thank yous Kerem, thank you so much for seeing our efforts, we'r… 
Miles Morales is biggest character Marvel created for the 2010's decade. 
Rewatching all the movies tonight to get ready for Endgame on Thursday. I think my boyfriends getting upset… 
Q: How do you see the relationship between Hawkeye and The Black Widow? - Avengers: Endgame (2019) Press Tour… 
You didn't like Captain Marvel neither? 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: THE TIME STONE 
Anyone that takes the time to look beyond the beautiful cover would see that  is… 
I was spared, how about #Thanos #imalive #Marvel 
Awesome week away up north and catching last night. Adding to list of visits:MCG Colonial / Telst… 
I want to watch the next movie on my Marvel list but I also want to sleep. 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Black Panther Movie 6" Okoye Wave Loose Mint No Baf Piece  FlyingTre… 
Don’t want to be spoiler by Marvel Studio. 
Um hey excuse me I’ve been watching the Marvel movies in order to get ready for End Game.. so what makes… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS BLACK PANTHER NEW LOOSE MARVEL'S NAKIA NO BAF  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Disney Store Exclusive Mighty Thor Loose  FlyingTreasures 
Marvel Movie #14 - Captain America: Civil War. A major turning point for The Avengers. #dontgetrevengeonmenerd… 
Context is clearly non-existent for you. 
Is Tessa Thompson gonna go to marvel jail with Tom and Mark 
They did them dirty man. Two of the most powerful beings in the marvel universe, turned into Dawsons Creek with powers  
My guess would be that it all almost came to an agreement when the Marvel universe was created that was influenced by DC comics 
#OpeningNight. I can’t wait to see Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame! 
Marvel closes a decade-long story with 'Avengers: Endgame' - Sentinel Colorado #Marvel… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Supreme One Fights Kaecilius 
I love the bow  
Watch these 5 Marvel movies before Avengers: Endgame 
Marrow's been through a *lot*, including being brainwashed, depowered, repowered, the loss of her baby,… 
Bring on the action You’ll see me at the theater #OpeningNight. I can’t wait to see Marvel Studios… 
It won’t be hard to lay claim to the best “crossover in years” since… 
Silhouette could be a cool choice 
i like how my dad calls brie larson captain marvelLike just captain marvelEven in her netflix thingIts justCaptain marvel 
Disney Won’t Change Deadpool, Says Marvel Studios’ Kevin Feige, read more via 
Lol. Remember capt marvel gets taken out by a weaker character. Oh so powerful! Lol 
The Tragic True Story Behind Tyrone's Vampire Nuns Tale on Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger 
I reviewed Captain Marvel, 2019 - ½ on 
Yikes! Just like a Marvel mov-oh wait.  
I’ve watched five of the six phase two Marvel movies between yesterday and today and I’m probably not gonna watch a… 
I finally saw Captain Marvel last Sunday. It was fun. 
Indeed. 
Captain Marvel’s cat bring me Thanos tshirt 
I want to get them, BUT I feel like it's just a quick cash grab by to flood the market with m… 
7 days til Endgameday 10 ~ Black Panther #avengers #avengersendgame #marvel #blackpanther #illustration… 
Sat in recliner seats to see Captain Marvel and didn’t leave the theater with sore knees. Also got free passes beca… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via 
I liked Solo, but I feel like his son is to blame for the worst parts of it. L3’s full name. The Dart… 
Just seen Captain Marvel. So ready for Endgame now but also not ready for it at all. I’m trying to accept that I’ll be crying like a baby. 
What was different? I never got to play Heroes, but I did play DCUO and that was pretty… 
Check it out! I donated to 'Embarassed to admit this, but I NEED HELP!' -  via 
Updated rankings:1. Civil War2. Winter Soldier3. The Avengers4. First Avenger5. Ant-Man6. GOTG Vol 27. Capta… 
if i see steve and peggy getting together in the end of this movie i swear to god i am going to have to sue marvel studios!! 
Ooohhhhhh yeah! I totally forgot about that! Shame on this Marvel fan.  
Welp I put together a teaser for my fanfiction Fate Multiverse Crossover. Not the best editing but not to bad.… 
love you &lt;3 
Another pretty solid thing about Community's fourth season: it introduced me to the fantastic long befo… 
Throwing some money his wa… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends Mystique Walgreens Exclusive X-men 6-inch Action Figure NEW RARE… 
Channeling my inner Captain Marvel  #haircut #CaptainMarvel 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends and Select Base Lot  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Sasquatch Build A Figure Complete BAF 100%  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Shadow King Head Build A Figure Piece Xavier BAF  FlyingTreasures 
DO. NOT. WANT.I repeat.DO. NOT. WANT. I want my Cap to look like Cap!You won't give us the… 
One of my favorite marvel movies. Well at least the 2004 one. 
Like in Marvel 1602 where Steve gets sent back before the founding of America and he wants to stop s… 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019!Watch Aveng… 
Oh my gosh, the very last line of the #DoctorStrange credits is a warning against distracted driving. I got… 
Tony Stark: But how do we cope with something like that?Steve Rogers : Together.Tony Stark : We'll lose.Steve Ro… 
I agree.  I love seeing someone expressing their joy as a fan for their fandom. Could be Star Wars, Lo… 
I myself live somewhere that isn’t like a huge metropolis and it’s really really rare to… 
Seeing the marvel family on the big screen was such a treat 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Marvel Men's Spiderman T Shirt XXL 2XLNWT.… 
I think that's the direction Marvel is going. Would've been great to see Bucky take over, but it makes… 
Marvel vs DC comic book quilt top 
Marvel Illustrated Books #02821 cover art by Bob Larkin 
I finished my #captainamerica #illustration from the other day. I like how this one turned out. #procreate #ipadpro… 
"We're quaking with excitement for birthday today! Best wishes from everyone at Marvel's… 
hit that man with the marvel vs capcom shield ricochet + assist 
 Our kickstarter is LIVE! Get your limited edition comic book now. #comics #anime #cosplay… 
AMC Is Playing a 59-Hour-Long Marvel Marathon Before Avengers: Endgame Is Released 
2019 Disney slate does not go to Netflix.  Starting with Captain Marvel. 
Marvel X-Men Dark Phoenix #Darkphoenix Funko Pop! Vinyl Figure Available Now, Buy HERE : 
Lost my daily rewards because #MarvelStrikeForce continues to frozen om Android, even after the update. Please fix… 
Marvel movies ranked by how much money they made via 
Marvel’s Spider-Man (PS4) $29.99 via Amazon (Prime Eligible). 
i think would make an awesome should give him a chance I deff would watch the movie for i… 
25. The Marvel Universe of films and TV shows is overrated and you need to accept that at some point. 
she’s the CAPTAIN MARVEL, she’s the MARVEL CAPTAIN. 
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4! #PS4live (MARVEL VS. CAPCOM: INFINITE)  live at 
(And how is your eye? Moms are gonna mom.) 
The world building in Black Panther is so awesome. I don’t know where I’d rank it in terms of personal favorites, b… 
the people who disrespect brie are the same ones who disrespect all of us WOMEN. Brie is an inspiration to the femi… 
8 days til Endgame day 9 ~ Scarlet Witch#avengers #avengersendgame #marvel #scarletwitch #illustration… 
i know you're not in your 20s but when i saw this my brain immediately went to 
Read the report? Seriously? You think this POTUS reads anything longer than a Marvel comic? 
Banjo and KazooieAmaterasuIsaac (I don't care that he's an AT already, let him fight dammit)Phoenix Wright (if M… 
So you’re telling me, the original captain marvel was a better movie than the “other” captain marvel? 
Bottom line...men and normal happy to be women...women. Can't stand Brie Larson. And if it wasn't for Captai… 
MARVEL Wolverine ... … #wolverine #marvel #hughjackman #comics #marvelwolverine… 
No cause she been doing this way before she was even cast as captain marvel… 
MARVEL #Excalibur &amp; #ThePunisher … … #Marvel #MarvelEntertainment #Comic #ComicCon… 
Who are the Eternals anyway? I know almost a lotta shit bout Marvel, but not the Eternals 
I kind of feel like people that say #DC movies are better than #Marvel are the same people trying to say #XBox is better than #Playstation 
I loled hard on this article, and remembered how much I miss on #Brooklyn99 "Thor 4 - More Thor" is… 
Marvel Cloak and Dagger, acho q tem na Netflix 
Alright, Hands down Tony Stark is my favor… 
"Ad:" Comics: MARVEL SUPER-HEROES #1 CGC 9.2 SS SIGNED BY STAN LEE-1ST MARVEL ONE SHOT! RARE!!… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends 6in - Deadpool Red Varient - Epic Heroes Series Hasbro 2012  FlyingT… 
Spider-Man Spider-Man does whatever a spider can! #spiderman #spidermanhomecoming #marvel #mcu #beforeendgame… 
"Ad:" Marvel Guardians of The Galaxy Vol.2 Baby Groot Action Figure Ravager Outfit NEW  F… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Red Goblin (No Kingpin BAF) Carnage Green Goblin ~ As Shown  FlyingT… 
Did Marvel not compensate him fairly for his work? 
But you are completely correct, Marvel and Disney should do more, esp. since Cloak and Dagger are his… 
Orphan Rock in the Jamison Valley. Unfortunately you can no longer climb up onto this free standing marvel.… 
 on Avengers: Endgame Marketing Campaign Is Marvel’s Biggest Ever - Movie Talk 
Marvel Avengers Endgame whatever it takes violet logo tshirt 
White kids would tell me similar black jokes when I was little, except that last bubble would say "He's camouflaged" 
Wow they're  trying to pull a spider man iron man thing .marvel  stop this. He is a want to be spider man a… 
I love it. My husband is a big marvel fan. He cant wait for end game to come out. I'm only here for… 
more too, every time rocket shows up. The fu… 
Movie Talk: ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Marketing Campaign Is Marvel’s Biggest Ever - 
His brother does this every movie, there’s articles back to 2014 and gofundme’s or the like.  His brot… 
Or worry but shazam and his box office legs cause less people going see him… 
Audi “The Debriefing” - Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame 
Marvel Movie Marathon. Movie #13 - Captain America: Civil War 
Marvel’s ‘The Eternals’ Reportedly Looking To Cast Gay Male Asian Lead 
Big fan of Marvel Future Fight, but stil… 
All The Marvel Cinematic Post-Credits Scenes Compilation (2008-2018) Vol.2 via 
Marvel Comics for July 2019 
Marvel: “Avengers Endgame is going to be 3 hours long”Me: 
A couple of us in the newsroom ranked all 21 MCU movies before Endgame comes out. Basically, the Russo Brothers rei… 
9 days til Endgameday 8 ~ Gamora#avengers #avengersendgame #gamora #marvel #illustration 
good netflix marvel shows: The Punisher &amp; Daredevillegitness 
Check out Chicken Suit Deadpool Funko Mystery Minis MARVEL Vinyl Bobblehead Figure w/ Box #ebayROCteam 
Check out Rocker Deadpool Funko Mystery Minis MARVEL Vinyl Bobblehead Figure w/ Box #ebayROCteam 
Check out Bellhop Deadpool Funko Mystery Minis MARVEL Vinyl Bobblehead Figure with Box #ebayROCteam 
Good old Rocket XD 8 #Marvel #Avengers #AvengersEndgame… 
Going to try and binge some #Marvel movies before #Endgame drops next week? Here's a primer and the order I just wa… 
Here we go #comicbookkidz, the heavyweight throwdown of the night.Marvel's RHINO v DC's BANE - This isn't gonna en… 
I wish that I would come to see Avengers: Endgam… 
All is pointless, marvel and awe the grandeur of the universe... 
The Avengers Find Hope In New TV Spot #AVENGERS #Avengers:Endgame #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #MCU… 
Thor, Captain Marvel, Doctor Strange, and Scarlet Witch. If you pick anything else you’re wrong. 
"Ad:" Comics: CAPTAIN AMERICA By Jack Kirby OMNIBUS HC Jack Kirby New Sealed Rare Marvel Comic… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Sabretooth No Apocalypse BAF Piece .Loose  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe Figure 3-4" Infinity War #1a Havok Variant  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends NICK FURY Walmart Captain America Movie Figure TRU Exclusive  Flying… 
*NEW* Captain Marvel 3D printed helmet available #captainmarvelcosplay #cosplay… 
never has a person's name been more appropriate than CONway... once again this medical mar… 
Tragic True Story Behind Tyrone's Vampire Nuns Tale on Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger #TVGuide… 
Good… 
me too! hello captain marvel, disini captain america. 
Marvel once published a comic about "Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Ham" in 1983 - He was a "Spider-Pig" named Peter Porker. 
wishing mi buddy loni a good Friday and weekend by the way are u a marvel or dc fan I hope avengers e… 
The Ancient Monuments speak to us of our ancestors and is therefore a link to the great purpose of… 
 johnbyrnedraws: Marvel: The Lost Generation #9, page 8 by John Byrne &amp; Al Milgrom &amp; Glynis Wein.... 
wishing my favorite England girl a good Friday and weekend and know ur always be number 1 in mi hea… 
Marvel's Cloak and Dagger 2x05 Promo "Alignment Chart" (HD) Season 2 Episode 5 Promo 
*NEW* Captain Marvel Cosplay helmet available #etsylove #etsyshop #etsyshopowner… 
Making progress through my movie marathon! #Marvel #Avengers #Endgame 
Not necessarily. 
Spidey's snazzy suit  This NEW Loungefly #SpiderMan Mini Backpack will help provide 7 meals.… 
Make it happen, Marvel! 
AVENGERS ENDGAME THEORY: The Avengers won't kill Thanos, nor will the remaining Guardians, or Captain Marvel. (1/8) 
The movie had its moments. But what it messed up in it was noticeable and distracting. I know it’s part of a larger… 
It’s funny. Disney doesn’t own Fox News. 
Audi E-Tron Gets Charged By Captain Marvel In ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Spot 
#RecastMissMarvel Cheese Arson should have not been MISS Marvel in the first place, Kristen Stewart… 
A Marvel comic cost only 12 cents in 1963. 
Probably the best car commercial I have ever seen. Also, if you haven't seen Captain Marvel yet, you need to. 
Epic:Hey we did Thanos for Marvel, want to get Joker from DC? FortNite:Nah let's just make our own. 
Marvel movie marathon movie sixteen: Dr Strange 
WhAt AbOuT StArWaRs. Nah Marvel reigns supreme 
Nothing more motivating than a #Drax pep talk! #OldManQuill has not disappointed at all. 
Hey #KitHarington for play #Wolverine Just imagine that #GOT find #AvengersEndgame 
marvel writers are just too funny for my taste. bring ze blood 
Oh gawd no....he makes my entire being cringe 
"CHiLLZ is live for his final stream...."I never thought I would be posting that, but the time has come.… 
I swear, there will never, ever be as good of a franchise and series of movies as the Marvel/Avengers. Don’t me 
It's that time again for "Thanos Season"..a few more days in counting The Wrath of Thanos - prod.… 
Mad was the first movie I ever watched on the incredible technological marvel that was the VCR. 
Definitely seems to be the same characters. Which is why they are all missing and presumed dead in Uncanny. 
Who is your favorite Marvel superhero?Me: 
Hey guys how goes it? I'm live on Twitch tonight with Marvel's Spider-Man!Gonna be super fun come watch -… 
I'm not crying, I swear. It's just raining over here.(Marvel) End of the Path via 
My marvel collection grew by 4 pins today lol I spent so much on pins today 
Chris Hemsworth Would Be Down For Thor Four #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #MCU #Thor #Thor:Ragnarok… 
YESS see I’m in the middle of planning my own wedding too! 
Uggghhh....fuckin Chris hardwick 
Mezco Toyz One:12 Collective Captain Marvel Action Figure PRE-ORDER / FREE SHIPPING 
Hiya! I am pretty new to indie comics, but this sounds like the place to be once you climb outside the… 
Update #comicbookkidz, in the #DeathBattle betweenMarvel's Black Panther v DC's Batman - The Cat is clawing The Bat2 to 1 
Skip the extra steps. Tell Jeff Bezos your social security number, bank info, location history, personal tastes, an… 
New #childsplay Poster. #chucky #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies #geek #imagecomics… 
Marvel Schedules 'Jane Foster: Valkyrie' Comic Book Series for Summer via 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Black Panther Everett Ross &amp; Erik Killmonger 2 Pack MIB  Flyi… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Mystique 6” (Walgreens Exclusive) MOC X-MEN NEW In Hand  FlyingTreas… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Ronin Avengers Endgame Hawkeye. Free Shipping  FlyingTreasures 
Its true black panther and captain marvel the 2 movies with representation… 
Check out Deadpool Plush Figure Lot of 2 Maid Outfit Funko Marvel Comics Supercute Plushie #Funko via 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Thanos Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel Superhero Movie HD via 
I still need to see Captain Marvel before Avengers right? 
Avengers Quantum Realm &amp; Captain America Leather Jackets are coming soon.  Are you guys ready for this???… 
The Marvel movies really do have some of the greatest actors of our generation. And Jeremy Renner #AvengersEndgame #marveluniverse 
You know, I’ve thought about that as well, especially after reading The Secret History of Marvel Comics. 
I voted for #TeamCaptainMarvel on Marvel is more powerful than Superman 
I'm watching Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger 2x04 "Rabbit Hold" #trakt 
I'm a dead account so unlikely anybody sees this lol but if you want an honest opinion from somebody who has dealt… 
The Marvel movies really do have some of the greatest actors of our generation. And Jeremy Renner 
i'm going to draw (fanart) ms. marvel's new costume, and jane foster as the new valkyrie next ‼ 
The tribute to Stan Lee was beautiful, touching, and incredibly well done. RIP Marvel Daddy, we miss you. #CaptainMarvel 
5 MCU Body Transformations – How Marvel Superheroes get in Shape Fit Life Videos #Body #Marvel #MCU 
Sinister Karma Just Posted A New Warning) New Uniforms &amp; Gameplay Leaked Fo… 
We love a good secret identity game, and #CaptainMarvel: Secret Skrulls from delivers an easy to learn an… 
Dragon Marvel Ball Super 
"Marvel vs. Capcom was the best crossover of all time."AHEM. 
6 Great Reasons Marvel Should Bring Back The One Shots 
Can Hollywood make this happen.. maybe Hela was good but turned Evil when Captain Marvel broke her heart. 
Everyone marvel at the weird ass hole my dog decided to dig bc her other mommy is deployed overseas. I get it... yo… 
Fun fact, Shazam used to be called "Captain Marvel" 
It's her character and actor putting her together, cause talk to antman, Th… 
I think she is great! The way the Marvel cast has been joking around with each other for a decade, are p… 
Your naming places where anyone can get on to public… 
Brie Larson said she is the first woman to front a Marvel movie? She forget the 2005 Elekta movie. Execut… 
This reminds of Go Channel  
(Spoiler Warning) New Uniforms &amp; Gameplay Leaked For Marvel Future Fight 5.0.0 
Lol top quality marvel merchandise. 
Today is the FIFTEENTH DAY of our MCU Marathon up to #AvengersEndgame !We have SEVEN Days left until you can LEGA… 
Marvel had a character in the late 70s called The Human Fly.  He had a red costume &amp; was a stuntman.… 
The real reason Thanos gathered the Infinity Stones.  #thanos #avengers #endgame… 
Is this a new issue that will be released or is it one that was cut from the original Marvels book? 
Many don't seem to understand that you can be a fan of marvel movies yet still call crap out when you… 
Just watched Marvel's #ThePunisher - S02 | E01 on TV Time 
Marvel &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Fearsome Foes ToyBiz VULTURE 6" Action Figure Marvel Spider-Man  Fly… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS AVENGERS ENDGAME HAWKEYE/BLACK WIDOW 2PK (TARGET EXCLUSIVE)  FlyingT… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends First Ten Years loose 6" figure SIF w/ swords NO Thor Dark World!  F… 
Where were you in the marvel 3 days then :&lt; 
I’d see that movie and I refuse to see Captain Marvel and probably won’t see Endgame til it’s out of… 
I like marvel movies. That said...I don't have to like every one of them that cones… 
7 for me. 
Was this game any better than DCUO though? And why m 
Scarlet Witch is one of the most powerful characters in Marvel. She tore through Ultron like butter a… 
Captain Marvel: An Unbridled Meh via 
Woops! This minisode only just dropped but just in time for your #commute back home!Listen to “Marvelous Captain… 
Ok #comicbookkidz time for another DC/Marvel #DeathBattle.This one could be EPIC. Putting it all to the test...Who… 
What the actual heck are you doing approving trailers with a spoiler that gives away the ENTIRE HECKING PLOT OF THE MOVIE?!? 
"No marvel Klopp charges him so extremely", "Love this man" – Numerous Liverpool followers laud 28 y/o ace… 
Fandango Survey: Fans Plan to Stream Marvel Titles to Prepare for ‘Endgame’ 
Debatable, if they had an actor that wasn’t a piece of wood in the role captain… 
Honestly, I want to get this and wear it to 'Endgame' for comfort... Because if they kill Carol, I'm gonna flip a t… 
I don’t remember #ThorTheDarkWorld being as subpar as it is.... Oh well!  On to #GOTG  #MARVEL #avengers #moviemarathon 
Please, in the next Spider-Man movie, please, put a scene with Spidey saying:"I'm Spider-Man, the best super hero ever." 
While leaving work this evening, a security guard told me to have a nice evening. I smiled at him and he then saw m… 
Im tweaked out so ready for Endgame I forgot to watch captain marvel.. 
See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil. #marvel #blerd 
Marvel, Are You Seeing THIS? Do you understand w… 
Day 2 of MCU Marathon20 Hours in, just had 4 hour napFood Levels: ReplenishedTiredness: Rejuvenated Entertainme… 
lmao and she's signed on to do a bunch more marvel movies.. 
Who do you really want to see Captain Marvel go up against in her sequel? 
Marvel’s The Eternals Locks in Train to Busan Star Ma Dong-seok 
‘Thor 4’ Has Been Pitched, According To Tessa Thompson - Marvel StudiosThor and Thor: The Dark World did little t… 
The new uniform looks awesome. 
Captian marvel because its still in theaters and im currious to see how were gonna watch it. 
"Ad:" LEGO Marvel Super Hero Airport Battle (76051) Unopened Brand New Sealed  FlyingTrea… 
Check out 1995 Marvel X-Men Wolverine Action Figure Toy Biz 5" #ToyBiz via 
We don't know that for sure yet. Anything is possible in the Marvel universe. 
Just look, that`s outstanding!#cosplayers #marvel #comiccon #art 
I picked it up months ago in a quarter bin. Someone should try to resurrect the character but I’m… 
Hey guys, I know I'm on a break but is streaming now! She's #BodyPainting Nebula… 
Marvel: 'Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history'.Me: 
This is great. 
Don't forget to check out tomorrow's episode of the GoodTrash Genre Cast, 2019's Captain Marvel. Will Erin and Kirs… 
Rated PG-13 ... in association with Marvel studios ... 
At 7:30pm EST the Plotaholics will have our first LIVE broadcast from our Facebook page  
I honestly wish Marvel released War of Realms last year. True, it gets very overwhelmin… 
I'm starting to think Marvel is 99% trolls, so I'm trying to not let any of the spoil… 
I'd like that if it's handled well. I like Thor, but I don't want Loki… 
Captain Marvel: An Unbridled Meh 
What a marvelHe’s like the movie SPEED except for resist-grifting: The Poster Who Couldn’t Slow Down 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY "STAR-LORD" 6" ACTION FIGURE, NEW!  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Captain Marvel 3D Comic Standee - 2019 Loot Crate Exclusive New In Box  FlyingTreas… 
I think the building of the house bankrupted him. Houses in NY State aren't cheap. 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends MAGNETO Series 3 III Action Figure——Rare!!!!  FlyingTreasur… 
Here Are Marvel’s Next Six Movies After 'Endgame' 
It really speaks to the weird politics of the world when people are telling me how Thanos is the hero of the Marvel films... 
You should be Doctor Strange in the next Marvel movie ! ;) 
I’ve been trying so hard to get my message seen. I don’t think there will ever be a movie… 
HeadbAnging my way home to stream and tonight I think we’ll randomly play Capcom v Marvel? 7:30 CST… 
They were both good movies and made a lot fo money but pp… 
#TBT to this awesome fan-made video of our NOVA run, from 2016. (Edited by 
I wanted to be there so bad, im still salty y’all 
Marvel Previews! The story does not end after #WarOfTheRealms; actually, if anything, it looks like a place for new… 
Russos Explain Captain Marvel’s New Look in Avengers: Endgame - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
...tain Marvel? 
Audi Debriefs Captain Marvel On All She Missed, Including The E-Tron 
I keep coming back to this tweet to marvel in its utter stupidity. It's so stupid in fact that I feel like e… 
My #AgeofXMan title rankings thus far.....1. Next Gen2. Amazing Nightcrawler 3. Prisoner X 4. Xtremists5. Marv… 
Where the FUCK is Marvel??? 
Bring back Avengers Alliance!! Strike Force was never an option... 
Paul Rudd Went To Extremes To Scratch Itch In ‘Ant-Man’ Costume - Marvel StudiosWhenever costumed superheroes are… 
I don't we will I think I read somewhere none of the other actors are getting along with her like even li… 
#Funko Pop! #Marvel: #CaptainMarvel - #NickFuryGet it now here 
How to Prepare for Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | Earth’s Mightiest... via 
Marvel movies got me to where I don't leave theaters until they cut the lights on.Hell, I stayed so long after on… 
We're 1 week away from the biggest worldwide cinematic event of all time... Marvel's Avengers EndGame… 
"Ad:" Marvel Secret War #1 - Heroes Con 2015 - Autographed by Stan Lee  FlyingTreasures 
I'll go with a couple favorite that aren't represented much here. 12-issue Marvel Knights story by… 
Tandy Goes Deeper Into The Sex Trafficking Ring on 'Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger' Tandy (Olivia Holt) snoops around a… 
Captain Marvel was also awful. They should have put Thor at number 1. 
Check out Meowval Cat Enamel Pins by Aliecat Designs on #cats #enamelpins… 
It sounds like they had a cut of the movie if Captain Marvel bombed. Since it didn't, we'll see the other version! 
I feel like this could be Marvel’s new Marvel: Colours series. 
Not the best but it was a good marvel movie. 
25 Things About Captain Marvel That Make No Sense - 
DON'T LET ANYONE FILM THE MOVIE, GODDAMN 
Avengers: Endgame Captain Marvel Audi Advert Reaction Ft. GOOSE! via #Avengers… 
How to Prepare for Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | Earth’s Mightiest Show 
Wonder Woman  Captain Marvel 
I love this it’s like game of thrones is doing a cross over with marvel and even tho that’s not what’s happening i… 
I am HYPED for Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3. I hope you know the reason I think 2 failed wad a lack… 
Gotta do something with the loss of everything Marvel 
about friggin' time!MARVEL COMICS July 2019 Solicitations via 
please dont make me buy those ugly space suits i will and ill hate you #MARVELFutureFight 
Zirc The Almighty is live!#2BitCommunity#Twitch#MARVEL #MarvelStudios 
Marvel Movie Marathon continues with a week to go until Endgame. Movie #12 - Ant-Man! 
this is exactly my list of top 5 marvel movies 
For me Captain Marvel was very predictable. Honestly I can’t help but wonder how different the movie could’ve been… 
Saw a couple movies recently. Finally watched Captain Marvel, then the remake of Pet Sematary, last but not least t… 
Marvel Phase 3.5: a series of films told from the perspectives of the people (or, perhaps, ants) on the ground who… 
Don’t need to.  I’ve seen enough of her to see she’s got some kinda chip on… 
So excited for these! #animation 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers Endgame 6" Hercules Action Figure Loose No BAF  FlyingTreas… 
"Ad:" Marvel Avengers Movie Figure Lot Iron Man Hulk Thor Widow Fury Hawkeye Grab Zags  F… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers End Game Ebony Maw W/ Thanos Baf  FlyingTreasures 
iBall Marvel 6 version 2.0 laptop unboxing and personal opinion - Online Gadgets -- #Unboxing2(1) 
My Captain Marvel mug, since it was the closest. 
Y'know what the new Notre Dame needs? Less historical context and more politically influenced "creativity".That'l… 
Movies for Friday, April 19th through Sunday, April 21st:East Side: Pet Sematary (R) at 8:10 PM followed by Us (… 
Two issues of Star Wars come out in July. Is that so a 6-part story (set right before ESB) can end in November, and… 
For some reasons I have to stay in MO but I just wanna tell you that Chinese f… 
That leaves Black Panther, Infinity War, Ant Man and the Wasp, and Captain Marvel before I’m officially caught up.… 
Marvel Announces 'Wolverine vs. Blade' 
I now see myself buying a jet and wielding a giant axe in the near future... Wil… 
I got to work on the film, which was very cool.  As far as the "direction" of it - that was 100% the dire… 
Brigitte Nielsen as #BlackWidow. Statuesque, strong, dynamic, and deadly. Attributes that I would apply to both Bla… 
Jamie Lee Curtis as #CaptainMarvel. The original Scream Queen could EASILY be the most powerful hero in the 1980s M… 
Marvel is Looking for an Openly Gay Asian Male Lead for ‘The Eternals’ 
It’s raining so I’m finna watch marvel movies the rest of the day  
Ok #comicbookkidz, we have a DC / Marvel DB about to start.The Man of Steel v The God of Thunder - When Worlds Col… 
I'm not defensive at all . Just posing counter arguments. If anyone's emotional its you.… 
Every MCU Movie Ranked From Worst To Best [2018 Update] #horror: With a movie list as huge and vast as the MCU univ… 
There is a chance it could end up on Disney+ or Hulu due to Marvel TV being involved with this show already. 
*having a conversation about marvel movies*Zaina-“The incredibles was really good” 
Marvel Said To Be Planning R-Rated Blade Movie With Wesley Snipes 
Jubilee Marvel is going to be the best kid in the world 
Considering Disney/Marvel now has full control of the Mutant franchise, perhaps now is a good time for a full reboot. 
#EXCLUSIVEPREVIEW: MARVEL RISING #2 (OF 5) #RobertoDiSalvo #comics 
watch out, girl. Marvel is coming for you. 
I had to stop watching it like 18 minutes in... felt like vomiting... Mauler has a great style but.… 
'The Gifted' Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming 
"Top 5" dos meus jogos de luta favoritos:  1⃣ Street Fighter Alpha 3 - {1998} 2⃣ Tekken 5 - {2005} 3⃣ Def Jam:… 
Marvel Tales: Captain America cover  Available at your LCS in July! 
I have SUCH an urge to collect all of the Marvel live action movies ButI don't have enough money to buy all of th… 
The company line at Runaways HQ is that Victor Mancha is as important to the Marvel Universe as Wolverine. 
those marvel fact pages on ig so annoying  
Cancelled At Potential Revival By #Disney #Fox #Marvel #TheGifted #XMen… 
A more ambitious crossover than anything Marvel’s ever done 
The Black Panther is the richest superhero out of all the Marvel and DC characters, with an estimated value of $500 billion. 
Don’t let him down now, 
isn't she getting a movie? Maybe it will be a prequel. At this point, I wish we could swap her out for… 
Be real ones, Marvel 
Watched it last night w Cebo. Not really a Marvel stan but it was amazing esp in 3D. Do you a favour bbz asap! 
“The Debriefing” - Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame via 
Hey folks, tonight's the night! Marvel MCU Trivia here Six round and great prizes. 21+ please! Si… 
Tessa Thompson says Thor: Ragnarok sequel has been pitched Tessa Thompson says Marvel are considering another 'Thor… 
I realized today that it’s been 10 years since my Junior year English teacher started a 4e game for a group of us a… 
Forget his face he wack anyway we marvel over here playboi 
J Boog ft. Million Stylez - Replay ( Marvel Riddim) 
Check out Ultimate Spider Man Kids Party Scavenger Hunt Game Sealed Hallmark Party Marvel  
: ENDGAME - The Team's Plan Becomes Clear In Latest TV Spot For The Movie#Avengers… 
Captain Marvel is just 
Carol needs to get up to speed. 
Nice! I'm hoping Captain Marvel is still in our local theater this weekend. My daughter is coming home… 
 “What could the Disney/Fox merger mean for Marvel will destroy Marvel… 
Damn! 11 out of 10 on that Captain Marvel! Better than perfect! 
"Ad:" Marvel Super Hero Mashers Micro Spider-Man 2099 &amp; Venom Action Figures 2Pack NEW  F… 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Terrax series Marvel's Klaw action figure loose 2011  FlyingT… 
"Ad:" Marvel Avengers: Infinity War Iron Spider with Infinity Stone  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Fantasy: MARVEL LEGENDS GIANT MAN BAF RARE HASBRO ANTMAN AVENGERS WAVE 10"  FlyingT… 
So Tony Stark finally found a way to move from the Marvel Universe to ours. Cool. I guess he decided to change his… 
Probably eventually, but I'd be curious to hear their answer to "Why, with… 
Help your favorite Avengers fan get organized with an easy-to-make clipboard.  #superhero #Marvel #marvelcomics… 
I Will NotWatchCaptain Marvel.   She's an insufferable twat - I don't care if there's a giant gap now in th… 
Marvel: Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in historyMe: 
Marvel all about those dollar signs. Screw everything else. That is the disgusting reality. 
I'm still doing these diary comics. This happened before a showing of Captain Marvel. 
I marvel how you can weave all the prompt words together! Nicely done!  
1. spider man, doctor strange, hawkeye, iron man, black widow e capitain marvel 
Avengers: Endgame's Tessa Thompson Wants A Valkyrie/Captain Marvel Relationship - 
I see you wearing those Iron Man colors  
 sis here's a perfect role for you 
Yeah now I’m gonna be disappointed if I never get a Beta Ray Bill series. Get on that 
You made your character come alive. Fantastic job 
Nicki Queen 
I wholeheartedly disagree. Thanos (in the MCU) wants to commit genocide to save the universe.… 
they snapped. stream them 
Marvel isnt just fight scene after fight scene to everyone. The Winter Soldier is a spy thril… 
Marvel Generations via 
Marvel's Kevin Feige Says Deadpool Isn't Changing Under Disney 
Anyone else think defenseman John Carlson looks a lot like the Leader, villain of the Hulk, from Marvel C… 
Here is a fan poster I designed for Marvel Studios' Avengers Endgame! This is fan art &amp; I don't own the copyrights… 
Give me Thor ($5), Captain Marvel ($5), Doctor Strange ($3) and Scarlet Witch ($2) and you don’t need that 5th slot. 
Same here!  I was able to order the whole run except issue 2 from my LCS! 
The Infinity Stones can’t be destroyed, and that’s a problem via 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Found” TV Spot via 
Thanks for cancelling all the Marvel shows and raising prices to give me lowest common denominator program… 
Maybe give out tickets like marvel did? 
Fantastic 4? 
The hypest video I’ve ever seen, this is why Marvel will forever be my favorite movie franchise; no one can compete… 
Im crying, please dont finish this amazing universe 
Is that a captain marvel apron? Lol 
Cut off one head, two will grow | cut off one head, the fire will spread. Similar message/concept? Kill the knight… 
I got Black Widow and Lupita Nyong'o! 
okay this moment is the single coolest thing to come out of Marvel Rising look at my GIRL 
don't watch marvel da. 
Echoes of Captain Marvel (SHAZAM!) via 
I need to collect 1:64 more like I u… 
Are u interested in having one. hope… 
Marvel: Infinity War is the most ambitious crossover event in history.Me: 
Casting Rumor: Ma Dong-seok Set For A Role In Marvel's Eternals #Eternals #MarvelCinematicUniverse… 
It cost half what the marvel films did. It’s making a solid profit. 
Bape A Bathing Ape Amazing Spider-Man Sneakers Size 9.5 Bapesta Marvel Grey New 
I’m. So. excited. 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends 6" THANOS Walmart Exclusive Infinity War Comic Action Figure  Flying… 
"Ad:" Custom Marvel Magneto 3.75 Action Figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel legends silver sable Kingpin arm  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Fantasy: marvel legends series 9 2005 BAF Galactus complete. Fantastic Paint. Rare. 
Frederick Douglass: America’s REAL Captain Marvel 
 he should star in a Marvel movie but NOW 
As was I, yet now Ragnarok is one of my favorite marvel movies! 
I honestly don’t like that jellyfish, he looks like a dickhead 
Shooting a promo video for the Messiah Complex: A Marvel Comic Fan Web Series  #film #filmmaking #setlife… 
Hi Ms. Brie. Nice to meet you. My name's Alessandro.  I'm brazilian and I live in Sao Paulo.  I love yo… 
Literally me. #tomholland #meme #marvel #lovehe 
His comedic timing was always so on point with that character, even in the first two films. Marvel and… 
My thoughts on #HobbsAndShaw trailer...The Rock looks like he wants the same kind of endearment that Jason Mamoa… 
Happy #CloakAndDagger Day! Repost from SNEAK PEEK: current Tandy and baby Tandy. Woah. Don't miss… 
True. The Walt Disney Corp has similar skeletons in their past as well. 
I need Wanda an Vis to have their twins in the universe. If I don’t get Wiccan+Hulkling romance I will riot… 
pls #RETWEET #LISTEN #GunnerNMac #comicreview 22:34-26:00 #GUARDIANSOFTHEGALAXY2 geoffshaw… 
Going after Captain Marvel? What is that about? 
Pop quiz Hot Shot: what was Ryan Reynolds first Marvel role? 
I'm rewatching all the marvel movies right now. Watched Captain America: The first avenger, Iron man, Incredible hu… 
Reserve your seats today for the upcoming premier of Endgame! Don't miss the final installment of this… 
Marvel Is Looking to Hire a Gay Asian Actor for ‘The Eternals’ 
jeremy... u and THOUSANDS of people got owned and nailed by that reaction video guy! It was a FKN S… 
Ive got to say.  I was hesitant about signing up for and  as well as… 
I’ve tried everything. Running out of time and ideas. If anyone can help get my message seen by or… 
sorry.. but who is the character holding the stick ??? 
I love when references a story from 30+ years ago.  Pittman is a medical marvel that… 
Are you expecting any romance in between Banner and Natasha in the Avengers: Endgame?.Please Follow 
In anticipation of #Endgame coming out, my daughter super fan!) drew this beauty. 
Contemporary fine art, mechanical watches, DC and Marvel comics, Marvel cards, photobooks, film cameras, independen… 
Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger | Season 2, Ep. 4 Sneak Peek – Tandy Enters Ty’s Cloak 
#10 Shazam car should be added now 
GOTG Vol. 2, Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, Spider-Man: Homecoming, Avengers: Infinity War &amp; Captain Marvel. 
"Hey! Who want's some more spoilers!?"Fans "Uh...no tha"Marvel "Great!  Here's another one!!" #Endgame 
We have writing Ms Marvel and Captain MarvelWhat a world 
tell Mike he’s super wrong about Shazam and Adam West, and that if he still holds said views, I’ll… 
I will say it again, DC needs to form it's own studio like Marvel. WB just mucks up the 
can someone tell me the order of how to watch the marvel movie because i really wanna watch End Game &amp;’ know what’s going on. 
Same thing with Captain Marve… 
Anyway. Back to delaying house projects while binging Marvel movies and playing video games. All the #MuellerReport… 
Watching Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Awesome” TV Spot on 
Summoning the GOD of THUNDER  
said Marvel is overrated 
Its pretty annoying it took Fox &amp; Co almost 20 years to get them into space....I really wish they would'… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Universe Masterworks Galactus with Silver Surfer New RARE  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends X-Men SDCC Convention Exclusive X-force Archangel Rare  Fly… 
"Ad:" FUNKO Fabrikations MARVEL SPIDERMAN Exclusive Spider-man 6" &amp; Shirt  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Ultimate Spider-Man &amp; Vulture Walmart Exclusive 2-Pack Figures  Flyi… 
"Ad:" (Loose) Marvel Legends Infinity War W.2 "Black Widow" Body For 6" Custom Fodder  Fl… 
Tevez, Rooney, CR7Hargraves, Carrick, ScholesEvra, Rio, Vidic, Wes Brown            Van Dar SarNani, Anderson.… 
It's been a long time coming, but it looks like the #Marvel Cinematic Universe really is going to start getting a l… 
Calling it now. $368,742,146 opening weekend. Can't wait! #Avengers #AvengersEndgame #MARVEL 
When DC &amp; Marvel settled the Captain Marvel trademark years ago they clearly never thought there’d be a day when a… 
Thor 3 literally came out like year ago and antman 2 came… 
now would be a very good time for Marvel to announce a new Avengers team with America in it imho 
Downloading wack quality Captain Marvel before Endgame comes out  
Tessa Thompson discusses Valkyrie/Captain Marvel shipping, a new Thor movie, and more 
America in the cover of Marvel Rising #5 by Audrey Mok 
New AVENGERS: ENDGAME Teaser Spotlights Black Widow's Journey  #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
It’s gonna be so bad though. I hope marvel gets the rights back to them. 
Marvel:(seriously)Kitty PrydeRachel GreyDominoJennifer WaltersMockingbird(slightly less se… 
TRAIN TO BUSAN’s Ma Dong-seok Joins THE ETERNALS For Marvel 
screw them, i'm supporting all casts in marvel's "the eternals"  
I can’t believe Thor’s had to carry the Avenger’s on his back.Maybe now with Captain Marvel coming on board mans can get a break. 
Hug Marvel Avengers Endgame shirtThe post Hug Marvel Avengers Endgame shirt appeared first on Closet Shirts.The… 
Well Marvel and Dc's loss is Shinobi Sasquatch's gain.But man It'd be awesome seeing you on a Hulk book. 
Wow check out this amazing Marvel Movie Premier Collection #CaptainMarvel Statue! By info:… 
I’m curious when the marvel Netflix shows will be removed. I think they might stay past… 
Movies have no business being over an hour and a half unless it’s a marvel movie 
Marvel Comics sent Major Spoilers the cover images and solicitation information for titles arriving in July 2019.… 
This would be a bad ass #steelbook 
Get ready for AVENGERS: ENDGAME with these signed Marvel graphic novels you can score this week for donating to CBL… 
Olivia Holt &amp;amp; Aubrey Joseph Spill Cloak &amp;amp; Dagger Secrets | Earth&amp;#39;s Mightiest Show 
Unplanned, Captain Marvel, and the State of the American Church 
Wakanda Forever! Black Panther will continue to rule as king &amp; return for Round 17, while voters have bargained to… 
Viking Baseball has been moved from Marvel Park to Winway starting at 4:30. Go Vikes!! 
I got Groot and Paul Rudd! 
Marvel Creator needs help! Also, Through the Woods campaign ending soon! via 
me about all Marvel references ever: 
Ah yes the marvel family 
I don't know how you do it. I'm such a basic fan. Also only watched Captain Marvel last weekend  
I'm a huge Marvel fan but have to admit this trilogy is still legendary and better than most marvel mo… 
Not only that, but they have artists really tone down the feminity of the character in… 
Marvel's weekly Twitter show debuts on April 18th via 
Stop using one of the most powerful weapons in the Marvel Universe as a means in… 
He is and he will! His mom's already got every Captain Marvel party supply she could find.  
It doesn’t matter I blame marvel and lucasfilm for paying red letter media to shiting on my films including sucker punch. 
Ready to spark your creativity? Students can marvel at more than 100 artifacts representing the most cutting-edge t… 
Thor Marvel Avengers Endgame shirtThe post Thor Marvel Avengers Endgame shirt appeared first on Closet Shirts.I… 
This is some of the best art I've seen in a while.Why are you not working at DC or Marvel?This is the le… 
Happy birthday today to of #quake -ing with excitement for the new season and all thi… 
Damn man I rEally liked this show 
maybe marvel will kill off the captain so we dont have to listen to Bries crap anymore 
Competition Update:We've teamed up with EXP Streaming to give away VIP Tickets to our Avengers: Endgame Special S… 
Diamond Select Toys Solicitations For September 2019 - #StarWars, #Castlevania, #Marvel, #DCComics, #Godzilla &amp; Mor… 
This ain't it 
fav part of rewatching marvel movies is noticing the little nerd shit connections like how dr. strange was offered… 
Lol who said they must hate on Marvel to begin with 
Happy Birthday, Chloe !! 
#CaptainMarvel Captain Marvel via via 
"Ad:" Comics: Ultimate X-Men Deluxe Edition Volume 2 Marvel OHC Hardcover RARE OOP Wolverine… 
"Ad:" Comics: New X-Men by Grant Morrison Volume 3 Marvel Deluxe OHC Hardcover RARE OOP 2004… 
might fuck around and   |      |   \          / ____| |_____/        __/\_Watch every marvel movie 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Series Avengers Endgame Hercules 6" Action Figure  FlyingTrea… 
"Ad:" Custom Marvel Pepper Potts 3.75 Action Figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers Endgame Ebony Maw w/ Thanos BAF-In Stock, Fast Shipping  Fl… 
This is why I stay with Marvel comics.  
In a "Blindspot"? 
Only one Marvel Cinematic Universe star has read the entire #AvengersEndgame script 
John 3:7“Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.” 
Sweet and simple Veneto, with its many palazzi and romantic gardens, is an architectural marvel. Immersed in the s… 
With Doctor Strange, Marvel finally served up some spectacular FX eye candy #MarvelMoments 
The Daily Fandom chats with co-author of MBMBaM, about his family-written comic The War of the Real… 
Umm can someone explain why Captain America will be in Far From Home? #AvengersEndgame #MARVEL 
I think we all know who has/is the best facial hair around! US!! #MattMurdock 
My fav Marvel scene ever probably 
Could #TheGifted find a new home on #Disneyplus? 
His sketchbook from the first 3 years of  is full and brings him great comfort, I'd love for him to ha… 
DC should sit down and take serious noted from marvel 
Only One Marvel Star Has Read Entire ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Script - Marvel StudiosWhat is currently pop culture’s m… 
CAPTAIN MARVEL COLLECTORS CORPS MOVIE FUNKO POP  MYSTERY BOX  UNBOXING REVIEW 
As a lead up to #AvengersEndgame coming out on the 26th, student designer created this cool logo fo… 
Watch Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger S2E4 HD #MARVEL #MARVELFutureFight 
Please save us from the billion dollar Captain Marvel movie 
I've also been trying to find the designers of the Captain Marvel website but only found this tweet 
Nope not a marvel fan but I do like gotg and some avenger shit.. I liked infinity war.. 
"Ad:" marvel gallery Thanos Pvc Statue Game Stop Exclusive  FlyingTreasures 
I DON'T KNOW MAN BETWEEN MARVEL AND STAR WARS I CAN'T DEAL 
Marvel ain't got shit on Pandora 
How can you cancel screening of Avenger's End game in English in Ru… 
what do you do when you have some time off at work? You doodle yourself a lil #DoctorStrange (he better have some d… 
Seriously how much more disgusting can you get? 
um I went to see captain marvel. 
New comic speculation w/o intensive study is idiotic. Sure, once in a while you get a hit, but if you aren't also a… 
Epic.. ima still watch.. but if it's a Mary Sue I'mma not watch another marvel movie.. th… 
With great power.....#spiderman #airmax1 #kotd #nike #marvel Memphis, Tennessee 
#X-Men: Two of Marvel's Most Tragic Mutants Just Died | CBR 
#Marvel definitely knows how to market a movie. How do you feel about their strategies for #Endgame ? 
lol thanks. it's artwork by he does great stuff of marvel and dc characters. i think he's don… 
Huge fan of the Unbreakable trilogy. A great insight into the human pyche. I can understand why pe… 
2019 NFL Draft: Matching top prospects with Marvel's Avengers - National Football League News -… 
To be fair, just about every Marvel movie is better than Iron Man 2Except Thor: The Dark World 
Lol look at this  via 
I see these comments Vader &gt;&gt;&gt; Thanos ALWAYS DO NOT PLAY. I love marvel with all my heart, but Star Wars is BETTER. 
My day is Mueller-centric and I'm already irritated by the comments. Going to see Captain Marvel tonight to escape. 
We know nothing about Marvel's The Eternals, but at least the cast still looks good 
My comics obsession led me to Marvel FASERIP, but I had no idea what it really was. Later, in colleg… 
/ fans what will you be doing come the 26th? 
Meh, I just don't watch the show. I'll get them later. I don't think they're shit,… 
Then you got movies such as Captain Marvel and the recent two Star Wars pushing forward feminist message… 
Is that a marvel movie or something? 
It's more the messages they are trying to push into us, using modern progressive politics in their stori… 
He comes to my house, he’s gettin his shit rocked in Marvel vs Capcom 2/3 but I also… 
Captain America: Civil War: WHEW YALL I FORGOT HOW MUCH THIS MOVIE STRESSES ME OUT #Marvel 
Unpopular opinion: I think Marvel is overhyping #Endgame 
And the universe grows #moviemarathon #marvel #docterstrange #sorcerer #magic #MCU #avengers #avengersendgame… 
"Ad:" CAPTAIN AMERICA: The First Avenger - Marvel 3.75" HYDRA ATTACK TROOPER Loose  Flyin… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Venom Monster Venom Baf MONSTER VENOM Action Figure Complete  Flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe Custom Avengers Thor Diorama Base (Figure Not Included)  FlyingTrea… 
ainda n vi ragnarok, ant-man and the wasp e cap marvel 
(Except Marvel movies. They're all exactly the same) 
15TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
that trilogy was good but you didn't have to disrespect marvel 
I saw The Force Awakens 9 times in theaters. I see every Marvel Studios movie no less than 4 times w… 
It"d be nice. 
I was originally not as interested in this movie but now that they got Angelina Jolie... Kumail Nanjiani... AND my… 
sucks that there was never a Gifted tie-in comic or any book that features Polaris prominently that fans of the sho… 
SpiderGwen &amp; Spidey - Spiderman..Cosplayers: ..: candidjohnkim ..#cosplay… 
NOOOOO! R.I.P #fenris #TheGifted"Fox has canceled the Marvel drama “The 
14TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
I won’t and I wish I was 
I really, really hope Marvel knows what the hell they’re doing and finishes off this saga right. And that’s not wit… 
In terms of character development, Marvel's Avengers loses, look at DC's  Ra's, Scarecrow, Jo… 
Don’t misunderstand me, I’m EXACTLY the kind of viewer that would rather watch Marvel than most Canne… 
I finally watched Captain Marvel and I have to honestly say I was not impressed  I know I can’t be the only one thinking like this... 
My farewell stream is TODAY at 6:00 pm (MST) on There will be giveaways, the typical shena… 
She's just not a good actress. My problem was in captain marvel when she learns about get past and l… 
I've been out of comics for so long I have no idea what's happening, I just recently hopped back into… 
How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty 
STOP MARVEL , I CAN'T TAKE IT SO MUCH TV SPOTS 
 #PodcastTeam is at it again with a NEW episode! Join host, a/k/a The Profe… 
Check us out!  Please like, subscribe, and retweet! #marvel #mcu #theavengers #infinitywar #nerd #podcast 
I LOVED #Thegifted I am sorry to hear it got cancelled. Hears to hoping then show gets picked up by #Disney!! 
Can anyone write for marvel Studios/Comics 
Um da Marvel plsss 
Gotta see Captain Marvel this weekend 
Well that sucks  I was loving it, whatever happened to making shows past season 2… 
please take a couple of minutes to contemplate this marvel . 
Me rewatching all the marvel movies before Endgame comes  out in 9 days 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Dr. Strange Trailer 
When are you giving us the Marvel Movies pop up movie channel again? 
Cap Marvel made far more in its opening weekend ... and Shazam is more kid friendly and, to be honest, far more fun 
Says the guy who can’t recognize sarcasm. Do not come after Marvel fuck stick 
What are your theories for #avengersendgame?Countdown: 8 
The impact Marvel has on us 
The reason this is not immediately obvious to those who oppose his ideology is yet again the confirm… 
Again tell that to past mcu movies only ones make bi… 
Anything from the marvel universe.  Must prep for Endgame!  Lol 
Audi : AUDI TEAMS UP WITH MARVEL STUDIOS ON "AVENGERS: ENDGAME" DIGITAL SHORT FEATURING CAPTAIN MARVEL 
That's also probably due to the fact that… 
I hope so, he is the greatest marvel character 
This new Marvel trailer looks terrible 
New post (Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End”) has been published on Gaming News 24-7 -… 
Disney wasn't the owner of when he got in that accident so they ha… 
Funny how no one hated her when she did king con skull island she was… 
So if someone cut all the Marvel movies to contain the important info needed to know, that… 
We'd be alright with that. 
Heart-pounding action from all your favourite Marvel characters in the epic blockbuster film, Avengers: Endgame. Co… 
Virtual hug to all. So can we get back to #FightforWynonna now? Marvel is a week away, #earpers who could go to con… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends X-Force X-Men Fantomex from Arnim Zola Wave Rare  FlyingTre… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Venom collectible Mens Tie Rare Ralph Marlin 1996  FlyingTreasures 
Black panther  captain marvel spider man homecoming iron man and civil war 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe Custom Ghost Rider Obsidian Diorama Base (Figure Not Included)  Fly… 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe Custom Avengers Iron Man Diorama Base (Figure Not Included)  Flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel's Falcon w/ stone - Sealed 6" srs figure - Marvel Avengers Infinity War  Fly… 
My handsome dude Gambit  is one of the best dogs I could have ever asked for. #gambit #marvel #marveldogs #xmen… 
they’re so unappreciative of the marvel universe lol 
Newsprint isn't an option for small comic book runs (except thru… 
disney/marvel&gt;pixar&gt;dreamworks 
Stand Up To Cancer, Mastercard &amp; Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame Unite To Help Take Down One Of The Biggest Villa… 
Want something to listen to while reading a recently uploaded pdf? Here's a fun, science-based podcast that recentl… 
How can artists who give their all to a business get nothing in return? should be ashamed, 
CHILD'S PLAY OFFICIAL TRAILER #2 REACTION via 
Wondering where Captain Marvel was back in the beginning of the MCU? 
So remember how comforted us before #HOMECOMING to reassure us their servers were ready? Unlike -ahem- Mar… 
this is the Marvel Cinematic Universe, not the comics. 
Have you gotten on board with War of the Realms yet? #avengers #marvel #waroftherealms Impulse Creations 
Marvel Comics announces #Wolverine vs. #Blade one-shot - 
Captain Marvel Gets Debriefed In Audi's New #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
sarah anne, 16, mansfield, idek lol, blue, anything marvel, 21pilots, indie/pop, straight, i love you 
I think in a core battle JL would potentially hold the edge, but if expanded to BP, SM and such marvel whips up some ass 
Don't let off the hook. Mantio's writing helped develop ROM and Mic… 
You're welcomeChronological &amp; Release Order Lists to #MCU Films#AvengersEndgame 
I treated these Marvel Retro 'limited' Pins to myself as I am Huge Marvel fan, why not!!#Marvel #MarvelStudios… 
On the grand scale, the Opera house in downtown Brussels, is landmark musical marvel. The Brussels Opera, is… 
Agreed, but I had about 100 followers until I started writing about guns. No one came to see my musings on… 
Yeah that tracks with "Kingdom Come" where a future, adult Billy turns into C… 
WOMENS CAPTAIN MARVEL FLIGHT BOMBER BROWN LEATHER JACKET - WORLDWIDE SHIPPING 
We are pumped for #AvengersEndgame next week! To celebrate, we're giving away a copy of "Marvel Munchkin" 
Spiderman: Far From Home's release date has been moved up to July 2nd! #Spiderman #FarFromHome #Marvel #SilverSight 
Wearing my Captain Marvel shirt dress for the first time today and I feel super cute and also badass. #higherfurtherfaster 
unfortuly i wasn't surprised at all by… 
"Do you think Enya exists in the Marvel Universe?""100%" "1000%""Do *we*?"(simultaneously) 
I voted for #GoSeeShazam on is the most marvelous superhero movie character 
I suppose the one good thing about Game of Thrones is that it's ending.  Quite clear that Star Wars/Marvel/DC unive… 
App Perk- Marvel titles BOGO 1/2 off. Download our app: 
I voted for #TeamFantasticFour on wait for the Fantastic Four to join the MCU 
Man fucker is changing it into the marvel formula smh 
This is why Captain Marvel cant even touch you!  She's got nothing on ya! WW forever! 
People may have their Star Wars and Marvel properities under one roof, but this is the true cost o… 
How do you think at is able to sell issues for $1.50 on newsprint? 
If the Avengers ask, I stole Iron Mans helmet.  #Ironman  #avengers  #marvel #marvelcomics #superhero… 
Tessa Thompson Has Heard Rumors That A New Thor Film Has Been Pitched #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #MCU #Thor… 
How about y'all break off some of that "Cloak &amp; Dagger" money to help out its c… 
The Gifted Cancelled After 2 Seasons via 
So now its second captain marvel movie? Wasnt it sup… 
Now that the #MullerReport is all over can we please get back to the really important things in life? Our families,… 
After Avengers: Endgame, that's it for a while. 
Panels from X-FORCE #06. Script by #edbrisson#marvel #xforce #ahab #kidcable #comics  #damiancouceiro 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Super Hero Squad RARE DOCTOR STRANGE First Release Yellow Dr. from Wave 5… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Super Hero Squad VERY RARE ANT-MAN Hank Pym of Avengers from Wave 5 
"Ad:" Comics: SPIDERMAN VS. WOLVERINE 1 Comic Book Rare Marvel 1987 DEATH OF NED LEEDS  F… 
I hope and will use some of their profits to help make the May 24th #ClimateStrike the day t… 
Captain Marvel's a dweeb too so it's actually perfect. Both suck 
You know what’s not coming to a store near me? Savings Catcher 
I got Steve Rogers + Harry Potter! 
Marvel's movies mode on 
Hey how about giving some cash to the creator. 
If the Avengers ask, I stole Iron Mans helmet.  #Ironman #avengers #marvel #marvelcomics #superhero #motorcycle… 
You asked for #CaptainMarvel and we're giving you Captain Marvel. Tomorrow, three straight white men will tell you… 
Not a City fan but you were a marvel to watch  #RESPECT 
All the redacted parts of the Mueller Report are spoilers for upcoming Marvel movies. 
It’s like they took years and years of canon and threw it out the window and said “Let’s do Star Wa… 
Marvel.  GoT is way too dark and brutal for me.... 
ONE WEEK until #AvengersEndgame hits theaters! #thanos #avengers #endgame #captainamerica #thor #nebula #hulk… 
Welp. Marvel is about to go to shit. 
Man! This gave me chills! This is a great cut of all the movies! Super pumped and excited to see… 
This is the movie America needs right now. 
I have a wider range. Action, fantasy, Sci Fi, Marvel, DC, horror, thriller, comedy, foreign, anim… 
One of my favorite actors, and being a marvel stan is love to see a show with him as an older tony stark… 
Makes me even less inclined to watch Captain Marvel now.  But looking forward to #Endgame 
Tessa Thompson reacts to ‘wild’ Valkyrie and Captain Marvel romance theory 
"Ad:" X-Men #1 Marvel Milestone Stan Lee Signed CBCS 7.5 VSP 1991 Amricons  FlyingTreasur… 
'The Gifted' Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming via 
(6)  Even with understanding that we are to walk the earth as overcomers, we can't but still marvel at Jesus.  What… 
Audio book fans!  I've purchased all the Marvel adaptations they have and have been impressed. 
2019 New Pop fashion Toys #Keychain Marvel Captain America Iron Man Groot 
#hashtag4 Deadpool Iron Man Marvel Avengers KingKong Star Wars Phone Case For iPhone 
Within the last few weeks I had picked up from my LCS a complete ROM and Micronauts. Wanted… 
PippaNot gonna be too specific because I don't want people to track you down, but about 10 mins a… 
Marvel Avengers Endgame Iron Man Portrait Premium T-ShirtAmazon link 
South Korean Actor Ma Dong-seok Joins Marvel's The Eternals 
They record commentary tracks for series rather than going through directors. Plus, they have recorded… 
Marvel Avengers Endgame Iron Man Portrait Premiu… 
Hey nerds! Do urself a favor and go listen to this interview did with the screenwriter of Wonder Woman… 
In Lake Macquarie as kids then teens we used to love jumping off the jetty, swimming… 
Any marvel movie 
"Ad:" Comics: Ultimate X-Men Deluxe Edition Volume 3 Marvel OHC Hardcover RARE OOP Wolverine… 
Too bad there's not a around to fight for Bill Mantlo like he did for Siegel &amp; Shuster. 
"Ad:" Marvel Comics Captain America Premium Motion Statue  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Dr. Strange (Marvel's Studio) DVD - FREE SHIPPING &amp; RETURNS  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Storm ToyBiz 6" Loose Figure,Clean,2005  FlyingTreasures 
I am so lucky to have visited Notre Dame IRL and enjoyed the architectural marvel it is, rich with history, scandle… 
Damn...who does this chick think she is? Never heard of her until the captain marvel movie.… 
I’m too excited about it but I’m gonna go because it’s the last time we’ll see this cast before Ma… 
Check out BOOSTER GOLD #2 (VF) 1986  via #Comics #ComicCollectors #ComicBackIssues #Collectibles #Marvel #DC 
Check out TALES OF THE NEW TEEN TITANS #45 (FN) 1984   via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
This would be funnier if it weren’t so true. Haha. Marvel and their variants.  
Check out NOMAD #6 (FN-NM) 1992 BUCKY BARNES PUNISHER DAREDEVIL  via #Comics… 
Check out ADVENTURES OF SUPERMAN #498 (FN-NM) 1993 Death of Superman  via #Comics… 
Check out BATMAN AND ROBIN OFFICIAL MOVIE ADAPTATION (NM) 1997 1st Printing  via 
Check out BATMAN JUDGE DREDD JUDGMENT ON GOTHAM  GN (FN-NM) 1991  via #Comics… 
I get so excited whenever someone compliments my Captain Marvel jacket.  
Check out DAREDEVIL #207 (FN-NM) 1984  via #Comics #ComicCollectors #ComicBackIssues #Collectibles #Marvel #DC 
Sad panda. I loved this show.  
Check out DEATHSTROKE THE TERMINATOR #7 (VF+) 1992 1ST PRINT ONGOING  via #Comics… 
Check out DOCTOR STRANGE #70 (FN-) 1994  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
Check out DEATH THE HIGH COST OF LIVING #2 (VF-NM) 1993 NEIL GAIMAN  via #Comics… 
Check out NOMAD #7 (FN-NM) 1992 BUCKY BARNES INFINITY WAR  via #Comics… 
Check out THE NEW TEEN TITANS #42 (FN) 1984  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
Check out AQUAMAN #5 (VF-NM) 2012 FIRST PRINT  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
Iron Man and Captain America do the fusion dance and fight Thanos in a dance battle. Marvel had bee… 
Check out ALL STAR SQUADRON #1 (FN) 1981 Justice Society  via #Comics… 
Check out SUPERMAN - WONDER WOMAN #4 (VF-NM) 2014 FIRST PRINT  via #Comics… 
Check out THE KINGDOM #2 (NM) 1999 FIRST PRINT KINGDOM COME SEQUEL  via #Comics… 
without the political message. I also told them you can have a strong female character without demonizing other gro… 
I told the class, to applause, that I did like old more than though I do like Batman and Superman too.… 
basically one short Thanos which did not sit well with any of my students. I was surprised somewhat that it was mor… 
journeys. Like a couple of my 4th graders asked me 'why was it waited til now to introduce her? Why not do… 
which I also had as one of my criticisms was that the character Captain Marvel herself was a bit overpowered. In a… 
#MovieNews Tessa Thompson has said that #Thor 4 was potentially pitched to Marvel Studios. Rumour is that Taika W… 
Chewy is a fan of Marvel’s #BlackPanther movie too  :). He doesn’t know a lot of Jasmine’s tricks, but he will hol… 
I like Captain Marvel more on the fact that she’s not wearing a sexy outfit and she has no love in… 
“Marvel' s biggest mistake is getting a fan base that doesn't support the incoming new character” - 
it would be great to see you do something for Bill. 
want to hear all about it in the most fascinating ways. It is an architectural marvel, a beautiful work of art, tha… 
I think my real problem with Calgary fans here is they refuse to give the Avs any credit whatsoever and just skip r… 
If it was realsed in 2013 would done sam… 
Thor 4, Directed by Taika Waititi, Was Already Pitched to Marvel 
You ever just marvel at your home screen? My shit is beautiful fam 
"If there's ever to be an end to this forever war, it will be because of you and your strong right h… 
Magic Box: Avengers Endgame By Hasbro! #hasbro #hasbrotoypic #marvel #marvellegends #legends #freeproduct #avengers… 
Who is your favorite hero? Shop in store or online and get 45% off a Marvel Nalgene water bottle!...… 
Prepare for #Endgame in #gaming 
This is from a few years back, but would you like to see it happen? 
so I guess you like marvel comics more then DC correct I mean idk I myself am super excited for end game next week 
Day 1 of MCU Marathon. 12 hours in. Food supplies: SteadyTiredness: Getting ThereEntertainment: HighGoing non… 
...So now I have to purchase/subscribe to a different service just for my marvel stuff? 
"Ad:" Marvel Comics VENOMVERSE #1 ULTIMATE VARIANT CGC 9.8 SS Signed x3 Stan Lee  FlyingTreasures 
we are talking about marvel right or should I just go to bed 
Binge the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies before ‘Avengers: Endgame’ — in timeline sequence Eighty stars and filmm… 
Don’t forget Big Marvel cover. 
Except people dont see every movie, captain marvel wasnt… 
Marvel Reddit Goes On Lockdown After Avengers Endgame Spoiler Leaks - GameSpot 
Day 5- ONE WEEK AWAY!!!! #11daytshirtcountdown #marvel #mcu #avengers #endgame marvelstudios 
How have I become obsessed with Marvel movies in under 2 months ??? 
It’s hard to believe that Marvel’s plot and stage has been designed by the Russo bro… 
The new Marvel family. Or is it Shazam family.... 
Sex education e marvel runaways 
Yes, Captain Marvel is stronger than even Thanos. 
Keep going guys you have made SA proud. I am a Chiefs fan in and out but marvel how things are done at Sundowns  
And in our new show on YouTube we join the discussion. So far we have reviewed CPTN MARVEL, DUMBO &amp;… 
"Ad:" Custom Marvel deadpool action figure card  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" CUSTOM Marvel Legends AVENGERS ENDGAME QUANTUM REALM SUIT Deadpool.  FlyingTreasures 
Marvel mad and data focused - turns to Splunk to figure out how The Avengers can turn things around… 
SHUT UP IM CRYING 
There is no speed force in the Marvel Universe as explained in Kurt Busiek and George Perez’s 2003 mi… 
"...sit back and marvel at His goodness to us." from "366 Glimpses Of God: Getting..." 
#marvel is not playing! They are going ALL IN  #endgame #greattitle 
I agree! Ragnarok and Marvel are too low 
Thanks for the info I did not know abou… 
Marvel’s Cloak and Dagger season 2 episode 4 live stream: Watch online 
1. Captain America2. Rocket Raccoon3. Ant-Man4. Black Widow5. Okoye6. War Machine7. Iron Man8. Captain Marve… 
AVENGERS: ENDGAME &amp;quot;IMAX&amp;quot; Featurettes (2019) | Marvel Superhero #Movie 
At the end of breakdown of the Dark Phoenix trailer, she asked what other stories could Marvel tel… 
Wouldn't it be great if they got back to canceling books because the sales dipped below 100,000? 
This is honestly a nice tribute. Can't wait for the actual movie next week(Marvel) Avengers | Last Chance 
This guy created a character that is starring in a billion dollar movie in a week and Marvel won't pick up the tab.… 
She had help with something else too.  
Coinciding with the release of the #CaptainMarvel movie came a secret identity game from featuring the… 
Im pissed i paid to see #CaptainMarvel  is the worst casting mistake marvel has ever made #notsorry but… 
Marvel or DC — Print or movie? Print? I prefer publications such a Y: the last man and the Amory Wars. Movie? It's… 
24 . most powerful avengercaptain marvelit's a fact i don't make the rules. 
Fyi she will likely be killed by thanos very early in the movie cause she is not a very good actor and the R… 
#tbt to some sketch cards I drew for   #infinitywar card set.#sketchcards #marvel #mcu… 
I LOVE the Marvel franchise but after like 2 watches of the movies I get abit bored...except for Thor Ragnarok...Jo… 
Will the foster family keep the powers and become the Marvel family like in the comic book 
Marvel fans are about to avoid social media like it’s lent. #AvengersEndgame 
I'd pay someone at Marvel Studios at least $5, but no more than $10, to put some sort of self-aware… 
Congrats I love you both and Captain Marvel deserves more praise than it gets. 
Was earning Xbox rewards points popping cheevos in a bunch of inconsequential games involving motor… 
Falcon! #upperdeck #marvel 
Avengers Eau De Toilette Spray By Marvel Only $10.35. USD 
"Ad:" Comics: 8PC LOT MARVEL 1980'S COPPER AGE THE NEW MUTANTS ISSUE #14-28 COMIC BOOKS RARE… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends X-men RARE lot of 10 Rogue TRU Dark Phoenix Cyclops Colossus 
"Ad:" Avengers Infinity War Marvel Legends Cull Obsidian Series Thor 6" NO BAF PIECE  Fly… 
"Ad:" Sideshow Incredible Hulk Age Of Ultron Premium Format Statue Marvel Comics New  Fly… 
Space travel is fundamentally a marvel of engineering, so it is no surprise that artificial intelligence is helping… 
Watching All Marvel movies from the first Avengers  
First charity stream for #Gamechangers2019!Finally playing the Marvel's Spiderman DLC… 
I got Groot and Paul Rudd!Which Marvel Cinematic Universe Character And Actor Are You A Combo Of? 
Not a defense as I think that Marvel and Disney sho… 
I could picture u saying this 
A week from now I'm going to be sitting in that cinema watching my fav marvel characters die 
Can you believe that all my husband earned was $500 000 for Iorn Man back in 2008.It's almost like Marvel didn't k… 
This chick shoulda rather played the role as lorna in that marvel..... 
| I Am The Iron-Man ! | #Stark #TonyStark #IronMan #Marvel #Avengers #AvengersEndGame #EndGame #HomemDeFerro… 
I've kinda gone into a Endgame hype inspired Marvel spending spree this week.. 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” cooking 
It was canceled bc it’s Marvel just like Netflix did 
Hey I’ll be catching the heart-pumping action of Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame on #OpeningWeekend.      Yessss 
Not reallyIt was produced by 20th Century Fox in partnership with Marvel Studios TV.… 
There are definitely some detractors with the story and this had a heavy hand from the Marvel Creative… 
Woohoo!!  Jane Foster is Revealed as the New Valkyrie in This July's New Ongoing Series 
Bonds Marvel undies? Yessir I am in thank you. 
Fox letting it go in the new world is no surprise. But Disney taking this Marvel-sponsored show and roll… 
You're refunding me if it sucks. Tired of being dissapointed. Captain Marvel made me qu… 
"Ad:" Marvel Monsters FRANKENSTEIN Figure Toy Biz Marvel Legends FROM BOX SET LOOSE  Flyi… 
New pillow cover reminds me of Marvel 
The God of zero hour.He keeps making me marvel 
From NY Times: "How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" 
"How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT 
Had a bit of a soft draw so far, and 3/4 games at Marvel (but still playing very well).… 
The Punisher Leather Jacket &amp; Vest Collection on SALE with FREE #Punisher… 
Breaking video news: How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" via NYT #movies #films 
"How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT The New York Times 
all of his Marvel work is really fun and worth checking out 
21. Thor: The Dark World20. The Incredible Hulk19. Ant-Man and the Wasp18. Captain Marvel17. Iron Man 316. Tho… 
#Storm by #Bowen #DesignsGet it here #Statue 
Marvel Released New AVENGERS: ENDGAME Poster Art Created By Artist Matt Ferguson 
I knew the Skrulls from this Captain Marvel movie looked familiar. 
Here's everything you need to know about the Infinity Stones before you watch Avengers: Endgame, including powers,… 
Marvel confirms upcoming streaming shows about Loki, Scarlet Witch and the Falcon  
Sue Storm - Fantastic Four. .Cosplayer: ..: fortressnerds ..#cosplay #suestorm #fantasticfour… 
Marvel Strike Force Hack Cheats Unlimited Power How to hack Marvel Strike For… 
Wana turn a porn comic into a Marvel movie  
That is a crazy impressive collection. Is it the entire line of marvel legends? 
Marvel Baby Boys’ 5 Pack Onesies – The Hulk, Spiderman 
You see, I always marvel at people's audacity to… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends X-men X-Force SUPER RARE lot of 10 Warpath Stryfe Forge Fantomex… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends 6" figure Deaths Head Mantis series complete excellent  FlyingTreasu… 
"Ad:" NIGHTHAWK Marvel Legends AVENGERS ENDGAME WAVE 3 - Loose - IN STOCK!!!  FlyingTreas… 
Marvel  
See, it's comments like that spurring people on.So now Zaki's innocent… 
Captain Marvel  
I marvel at how beautiful our culture is, that slow dancing is so precious yoh 
How many views do you think I could get from a 35 minute video essay on YouTube with a clickbaitey title like "HOW… 
The trucks of Polynesia: A true marvel of public transit &lt;&lt; via 
I just saw captain marvel and I only have one thing to say: has anyone made the term military-industrial feminism yet? 
My chrome has an Iron Man theme now. Same as my phone. Iron Man was the first Marvel movie I watched, and I fell in… 
What else can they do to draw attention to the fact that they put a lame actress in a weak-ass role and… 
User score for Captain Marvel down again. 
has been a marvel to watch, hope they make it to the final. So i would go fo vs 
True dat! #jackofhearts 
 superheroesincolor: Black Panther vs. Deadpool #2 (2018)     //  Marvel Comics Story: Daniel... 
 thehumming6ird: Favourite Marvel Movie Moments / Ant Man (2015) ‘Mommy’s so happy you’re here, she... 
Seeing End Game in a week and I still haven’t watched Captain Marvel.Welp (in a really tough voice) 
AFL Scoop:ROUND 5 TEAMSFriday, April 19North Melbourne v Essendon at Marvel Stadium, 4.20pm AESTNORTH MELBOU… 
"Ad:" Comics: Thanos Imperative Initiative #1 Rare 2nd Print Variant HTF F/VF - Marvel Comics… 
 superheroesincolor: Luke Cage #5 (2017)   // Marvel Comics Story: David Walker, art: Nelson Blake II... 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Thanos Walmart Exclusive New  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" MARVEL Black Panther Bluray free first class delivery  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Black Panther and Spider-Man Homecoming Marvel DVD Brand New Free Shipping  FlyingT… 
REPORT: Marvel's The Eternals Casts Train to Busan's Ma Dong-seok 
 superheroesincolor: Black Panther and the Crew (2017)  //  Marvel Comics The death of a Harlem... 
Between Marvel Universe and Election Universe 
Captain Marvel VS Thor - I'm Stronger Than You! Rant! via You Tube changed it's al… 
Don't feel bad Fox cancels all the good shows. Fox is the worst channel for shuttin… 
The film directed by Russo brothers and the production of Marvel studios. The film is planned to be released on Apr… 
The film directed by Russo brothers and the production of Marvel studios. The film is planned to be released on April 26, 2019 in America 
Marvel 3 in Cali? Say less 
Thanos was still going to win, snap his fingers and half of Wakanda would've perished anyway. 
is Spider-Man with marvel ?and batman and superman ? 
MarvelRyanThesis 
MIGHTY AVENGERS #13 1st Appearance Secret Warriors Variant Marvel… #HollywoodComicBooks 
"Ad:" LEGO 76080 - Marvel Super Heroes Guardians of the Galaxy Ayesha's Revenge  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" LEGO 76060 - Marvel Super Heroes Doctor Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum  FlyingTreasures 
what are the inputs for this marvel? 
Lol...or fix the iconic architectural marvel as INTENDED w/ that money; instead of WASTING it on Dem des… 
Wondering if I should watch the marvel films in release order or not. I kinda want to watch captain marvel and ant… 
Black Widow Marvel Avengers Endgame tshirt 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe 3.75 Captain Marvel &amp; Storm INCOMPLETE LOOSE HTF  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Spider Gwen Action Figure Absorbing Man BAF Spider-Man Wave  FlyingT… 
you havent watched the greatest marvel movie ever created next to civil war, iron man 1 and the first avengers movie? 
Doom Patrol just had a Dead Kennedys song in episode 3. Marvel just lost the war with moi. 
Marvel's weekly Twitter show debuts on April 18th 
Nintendo Unveiled MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: THE BLACK ORDER Release Date 
I get it. I need some help with it. No one seems to get your vision until someone else does it then they marvel. Wh… 
any help would be greatly appreciated  I love the MCU and Captain Marvel. Seen it 9 times. I got… 
Oh, konje today Marvel day. Enjoy geeks 
Saw some Brie Larson videos vebally sparring with do you know how I know she's a b!tch! BC… 
Also, I take back what I've said about Kevin Conroy's Batman having audibly aged in the years between JLU and now,… 
Shiiiiit I act this way with anything Marvel and Avengers and I could care less what people think of it 
Kitana looks good. 110% better than the Chun Marvel Infinite fiasco. 
Happy to say guardians of the galaxy is still one of my favorite marvel films. I am very excited to revisit the seq… 
Marvel Studios Taps Ma Dong-Seok For ‘The Eternals’ #Movies #TV 
Do you miss me? I'll be on #Flirt4Free at 2:31am EST. See you there! ;) 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends - Captain Marvel Series - Complete Kree Sentry BAF  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Avengers Age of Ultron Marvel DVD Brand New Free Shipping  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Loose Marvel Legends Avengers: Infinity War W.2 "Thor" Body For 6" Custom Fodder  F… 
Marvel owns the production rights but Universal owns the distribution rights. M… 
What people didn't like about Captain Marvel wasn't that it was a woman,  But that they threw an oddball character… 
Marvel Dead Pool Eau de Toilette Spray, 3.4 Ounce #christmas 
Good because the show sucked with being all over the place with failing to have a plot line.… 
Starwars is liberal trash. Only good ones were first 3. The rest is what marvel infinite turned out to be. 
Too bad AOC is too young but a Bernie/Alexandria ticket would be like a Photon Blast from Capt. Marvel’s ha… 
Honestly DC has a more intense vibe that marvel doesn't have and have so far failed at replicating...same goes for… 
AFL Scoop:Western Bulldogs rookie Will Hayes and defender Lachie Young will both make their AFL debut in Sunday’s… 
I have I think 17 episode screeners total that I need to watch soo. (and hopefully review each show at least) and 3… 
Captain Marvel Womansplains Thor via #AvengersEndgame #Endgame #Avengers… 
Live Broadcast  [[ ]]Avengers Endgame 2019 | Full MovieAvengers Endgame (2019) Full Mov… 
You can imagine the action on marvel series, I love watching everything marvel I download it and also the walking d… 
You can imagine the action on marvel series, I love watching everything marvel I download i… 
I'm watching Marvel's Cloak &amp; Dagger 2x02 "White Lines" #trakt 
Well. I did it. Took 37 hours. I’ve been awake for roughly 41 hours. I sat through almost the entire marvel cinematic universe 
Be like and #Hawkeye #Ronin #BlackPanther #AvengersEndGame 
#hell yea t3 #thanos #going to #whip all of your #favorite #super #heroes #ass  
Avengers Jigsaw. #marvelcomics #marvel #avengers #comics #spiderman #mcu #ironman… 
Chow chowchowvengers Marvel Avenger Endgame tshirt 
Shazam should’ve outgrossed Captain Marvel. How disrespectful. 
Hard read, I want DMC 3 or 5 Dante in. Make him like in Marvel and we're gucci 
#tbt to my #topfour favourite moments on my #holiday overseas to #America and #Canada back in January. #Hawaii… 
I thought she was just an arrogant SJW, but she’s also a cannibal. She’ll eat anyone, even if they are an SJ… 
OMG  I'm a little bit behind on my marvel but I got the majority of the movies 
In this day and age, it’s unbelievable that people still leave the theater before the end of the credits at a Marve… 
"Ad:" 2018 Marvel Legends X-Men ARCHANGEL 6" Action Figure Apocalypse BAF NEW SEALED  Fly… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Fodder Lot (READ DESCRIPTION)  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Kingpin Series Night Thrasher figure w/ baf Kingpin left leg  Flying… 
Astros at Athletics #HOUvsOAK 
Very very good. Loved it. Best DC made film, and liked it more than Captain… 
Better than captain marvel/Brie Larson by a factor of 1,000. 
Guardians of the Galaxy: tbh imo this is where Marvel movies went from enjoyable to fantastic. The strength of the… 
Shazam was the first DC movie I really walked away saying I enjoyed...Wonde… 
Unless you've played, and appreciate how difficult it is,  I get that you don't get it… 
Marvel announced that Ma Dong-Seok is going to be in one of their films and honestly I'm turned on. God bless. 
I may watch it again before Endgame, or another marvel movie 
Sinister Karma Just Posted A New Peak #4 Marvel Future Fight Update 5.0.0… 
A fact that was blatantly obvious in captain marvel. The whole “we’re having fun on set” vibe was missing 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Stan Lee Cameo 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Powerful moment 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Iron Man vs Captain America &amp; Bucky 
I doubt they'd listen to Snyder or WB. That's why they're called fanboys. They're irre… 
Sneak Peak #4 Marvel Future Fight Update 5.0.0 
looks like some financial heroes are needed to step up too? 
Thanks for reaching out about your interest in Captain Marvel T-shirts for boys. We will forward your re… 
If her movie doesn't out gross captain marvel I'm going to lose faith in fans. 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Spiderman Intro &amp; Airport Battle 
"Ad:" LEGO Marvel Super Heroes Corvus Glaive Thresher Attack 76103  FlyingTreasures 
Well, yeah, they aren't going to convince anybody looking… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Black Panther Intro 
Well this was... unXpected. #thegifted #marvel #fox 
Please Help Us Raise Donation's for a Family of 3 in need of a Helping Hand Any amount helps Thank you and… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame : Vision's Speech 
A terrible side effect of the fox Disney Marvel merger 
accurate if you switch Captain Marvel for Iron Man 
Wait, what?! 
‘Captain Marvel’ Actress Akira Akbar Signs With ICM - 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Captain America vs Crossbones 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Team-Up #123 CGC 9.8 Spider-Man Daredevil! RARE HIGH GRADE! NM/MT! … 
"Ad:" Comics: RARE 1948 GOLDEN AGE MARY MARVEL #21 CLASSIC COVER COMPLETE  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends Infinite Avengers Movie Captain America from BAF Thanos rare 
"Ad:" Marvel's: Captain America Trilogy 3-DVD Set - FREE USPS Shipping!  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS SPIDER-MAN LASHER LIZARD BUILD A FIGURE BAF SERIES VENOM SYMBIO  Fly… 
This is actual gibberish. 
I just found one of Marvel's baby teeth in our bed and it's so cute and little and I kinda want to cry for some reason? 
Guy,"Newsprint is not in demand as a paper stock, therefore it's not ch… 
As a side note: #TheGifted is the only TV show I've actually enjoyed. #SaveTheGifted 
When you're going to cuck all the males and ruin all the Marvel characters created by better men always go big. Ima… 
Marvel Has Reportedly Found Gay Asian Male Lead; Train To Busan Actor Also On Board 
Fox has officially cancelled Marvels "The Gifted"! #TheGifted #Gifted #Marvel #Fox #TVTalk #SilverSight 
Tell that to  and their $1.50 books.How are you this ou… 
So what are Alterna Comics printed on,autumnal gossamer ? 
A couple of 5x7 sketch cards all inked. I am planning to have a few of these done for #fcbd The Cellar #sketch… 
Shadowhunters but Its not on fox 
Let’s get in a Marvel movie!!!!! 
Marvel 2 is so much fun!!! 
You’re right.I get to read some of the current books via a library app and a lot… 
Fruit PunchBlack Mamba ShakerFinishing Marvel Spiderman 
Major X – Rob Liefeld Brings Back the 90’s in all of it’s GloryI was skeptical at first. Not because of the artis… 
if valkyrie and carol don’t flirt/get together i’m suing 
I always forget how bonkers Marvel deep lore, especially cosmic stuff, gets once you scratch the sur… 
The world I like to disappear into and you know why? Marvel Studios' Avengers: Endgame - Official Trailer… 
Marvel that he represents OHIO!Isn't that where Two Sticney is from? 
I got 26 out of 26! via 
"Ad:" Marvel Stan Lee Meets Spider-Man #1 CGC Signed STAN LEE Good Condition  FlyingTreas… 
Time to get back on track with the Marvel list. Tonight is Doctor Strange! 
That's what I wanna do too. A nice fitting end to my marvel sleeve on my hand. At least I've got no employment issues 
I always felt The Mandarin was the Ra's al Ghul of Marvel. 
Hammer also known as Stark OdinsonSo Tony and Thor mixed together, this is… 
Before you smoke up, read up! It’s new comic book day for 4/17! #newcomicbookday #ncbd #comics #marvel… 
And the best Marvel movie yet. 
Got home and read it right away! Looking forward to issue #2!! 
Saw Captain Marvel this weekend - loved it - see you in the Endgame 
Gettting for a late night #dcuo #stream do come join on #twitch let's talk #comics #dc #marvel you name it . Going… 
And there's been plenty of great stories that have flipped that narrativ… 
JUST WATCHED NO GOOD NICK AND KALAMA EPSTEIN SHOULD BE WICCAN #MCU 
Watch all the marvel movies to ensure you up to speed on everything even ant man and the wasp 
Okay soooo thx to school I got super behind on my #Marvel binge and I just finished #Avengers  The Dark World is u… 
So many people hopping on the Marvel bandwagon lately. Definitely not a bad thing, but 10 year old Colton would be freaking out rn . 
Watched Captain Marvel tonight. Really good movie! 
Marquei como visto Marvel's Cloak and Dagger - 2x2 - White Lines #bancodeseries 
Marvel Movie #13: Ant-Man. One of the best Marvel movies. #dontgetrevengeonmenerd #avengersendgame #antman 
I like marvel, adventure time, my hero academia, theory of a deadman, ffdp, I prevail 
Todays ponder:Amongst all the hype, I wonder if the general public realise there is more on television or shown a… 
Marvel movie marathon movie fifteen: Spider-Man: Homecoming. Were high schoolers this annoying when I was in high school? 
I’m so sad I can’t watch Captain marvel unless on *** and it’s just shitty quality 
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes Avengers: Endgame Iron Man and Dum-E (30452) Review 
single issues are on newsprint and are only $1.50.  My LC… 
Our double feature review is coming your way!!! Tomorrow morning download our minisode where we review… 
We gave #TheGifted a chance and liked the first season, but second season start left us underwhelmed, but we know t… 
North are good at Marvel. 
This makes no sense! I hope the actors will band together to encourage fans to try… 
Why did Marvel stop making those short films for the Blu-rays? Those were cool. 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Spider-Man Symbiote Action Figure, 6 Inch (shelf-wear)  FlyingTreasu… 
"Ad:" OLD MAN LOGAN WOLVERINE Marvel Legends WARLOCK BAF Series 6" Figure 2017 X-MEN  Fly… 
"Ad:" New Marvel Spider-Man Home Coming Vulture Bobble Head Mystery Minis in box  FlyingT… 
Finally finished this Venom commission for my homie ! You also buy it from my store online! Link in bi… 
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)? — About 49 hours? I was going through a spell where I was h… 
#FilmJunketPodcast do you think marvel fans are biased when it comes to judging DC movie? .. 
Storm and the Black Rock Star Super HeroCosplay with rubyterese at Music To Marvel To night with dj_rbi 
It makes me glad, yet again, that I skipped Miss Marvel. 
Tessa Thompson Has Heard That 'Thor 4' Was Pitched To Marvel - Director Taika Waititi Might Return… 
Jean &gt; captain marvel 
Hopefully they always cancel my fav. Tv series 
The Gifted cancelled ON Fox. Looks like it COULD come back in the future, but for now, the show is over. Any fans,… 
you'd like this....Captain Marvel on Sunday. The teenage couple next to me were canoodl… 
A portal? In a Marvel movie? I don't believe it. 
My favorite character died in Captain Marvel so I’m not seeing Endgame #RipScienceGuy 
FOX cancels Marvel drama THE GIFTED and rookie comedy REL #TV 
Did this look with the collaboration with the avengers loving every bit of it! Can’t wait to see the En… 
Took you long enough! 
You gonna level up Thanos to T3?-YesAnd what will this cost you?-Everthing 
Wait so Thor is a dude again? I'm so confused. 
Oh shit 
The Text written "save us from Thanos" and the board with a T3 ooooooooooooooooooooo maaaaa odin, its real 
To marvel at the wonders of the gospel is a sign of faith. It is to recognize the hand of the Lord in our lives and… 
Do you guys have any plans for a sequel to Spider-Man? Or maybe a whole series of Marvel super hero… 
T3 confirmed 
Black panther comes in through a portal and joins about 30 other marvel characters in what looks like a final fight scene against thanos 
I feel the exact same way. I marvel at how lucky we are to live in a time where travelin… 
I thought it was eh. Marvel seems to be better at making movies, but DC have better games. 
Conan Reigns In SAVAGE SWORD OF CONAN: THE CULT OF KOGA THUN BLACK AND WHITE TPB 
Kitty PrydeIceman Beast (no blue skin)Marvel Girl (no pheonix)X23 (new wolverine)Psylocke Angel (… 
I don't read solicits for this very reason. And then marvel is like, "Gotcha, bitch!" And then they… 
And aren't Marvel interested in doing the Dark Avengers? An adaptation of Siege would be awesome. Curiou… 
If my poor ass can give $20 to the care of one of Marvel's most prolific creators of the past who met with horrible… 
not knowing if there will be an extra scene at the end of a #kkandbabyj vlog is the equivalent to waiting for an ex… 
hmm, the "Ginja Ninja", new marvel superhero?? 
Where’s the Captain Marvel boys shirts, 
Notre Dame is over 800 years old and demonstrates how man combined hard labor, intelligence and faith to creat… 
Did Avengers: Endgame Already Reveal Captain Marvel’s New Suit? 
Thanks BB  
"Climate scientists refute 12-year deadline to curb global warming." "'12 years isn't a deadline, and climate… 
[Written by Brendan Deneen. Pictures by Cale Atkinson. Copyrig… 
If your talking about the Punisher, then there is actually quit a few of them. They love him, but he'… 
You mean to tell me you haven’t been waiting on a Storm movie  
Fox Cancels Marvel Drama ‘The Gifted,’ Comedy ‘Rel’ via 
Not suprised, but it was a good X-Men spin off. 
SK's Most Losingest Episode Ever - Marvel Future Fight 
Ms. Marvel Vol. 4: Last Days Graphic Novel - 
I am just waiting for the reboot with Marvel and Disney. They better not ruin it either. 
Wow, Marvel and Sony kinda shit the bed today. In the same day. Amazing. One with silly censorship, the other with a bratty new face. 
It’s a top 3 marvel movie. Smh 
Marvel Movie Bracket Challenge leading up to EndGame. Lets GO! 
first solo movie in theaters was a success (captain marvel is real good, y’all) (also. had a row to myself. would r… 
I feel like I should of started this awhile ago but I'm finally starting to rewatch all the Marvel Movies in order. 
Well, gee, why need a spoiler warning if you're going to put it in the headline, 
I said I was going to watch all of the Marvel movies in order last summer and never did, but I’m going to watch End… 
Such a good series. God damnit 
Brie Larson is so forgettable that I didn’t realize I’d seen her in other things before Captain Marvel. 
The fact that I don't have cavities is a marvel. I eat such trash. 
Disney+ 
if you guys want to become 1 Digital Service. Ok but Please don't get… 
Me too man. It's very sad. 
Can some tv station pick up the gifted I was looking forward to Season 3 of the gif… 
I love the love for Cap Marvel female shirts, but I wish there were more Cap/Iron Man shirts made for women. Not a… 
happy memory. I went to Fort Smith for the morning. Grabbed Marvel Knights Spider-Man 1, read it as I ate at the… 
Fox Cancels Marvel Drama ‘The Gifted,’ Comedy ‘Rel’ – Variety 
This is soooo cute 
Fox Cancels Marvel Drama ‘The Gifted,’ Comedy ‘Rel’ 
No!! I was so looking forward to season 3  
Fox Cancels Marvel Drama ‘The Gifted,’ Comedy ‘Rel’ Fox has canceled the Marvel drama “Th… 
Soon, she'll be Odin, and then she'll be ALL other marvel characters, why the fuck not 
"Ad:" Comics: G.I. Joe, A Real American Hero #150 Jul 1994, Cobra Commander Marvel Comics Rare… 
"Ad:" Comics: G.I.Joe Feb #109 "Casualties of War!" Rare SP Marvel Comics  FlyingTreasures 
How reckless of you. 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Ultron Iron Monger Wave 100% Complete Displayed Only  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Professor X Figure Loose Complete from Galactus BAF Set Toy Biz  Fly… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Captain Marvel  FlyingTreasures 
Marvel had to figure out how to give her a book and get Thor back in his. Cool. 
Fox has canceled the Marvel drama “The Gifted” after two seasons. “Gifted” was set in the Marvel “X-Men” universe a… 
oof its marvel ages of ultronscarlet was the best 
Marvel Phase 4 
Check it out! I donated to 'Embarassed to admit this, but I NEED HELP!' - 
I've just watched episode S01E08 of Marvel's Cloak &amp;...! #tvtime 
And that does it for me until I see #AvengersEndgame on April 25. I don't want to risk seeing spoilers so I won't b… 
Is this confirmed? I could see WB absorbing DCU.(If?) WB absorbs DCU  pricing should… 
Black panther #amcwtc #blackpanther #marvel #waconda 
KoooooooBoooooooom! Yep, Not a Fing shock. Marvel NOW Owns the X-Men. Nothing of Fox X-Men will be in the MCU. So s… 
Tonight’s #MarvelRewatch is Thor: Ragnarok. For my money, the most pure fun Marvel movie. Hiring Taika Waititi was… 
Captain Marvel is really good 
 E N D G A M E Called it  #deke #marvel #Avengers4 #avengersendgame #endgame 
captain marvel about to beat thanos ass 
How cute... 
Why isn't Netflix showing all marvel movies dude?????? 
Fun new retrospective trailer -- no new #AvengersEndgame footage, which is 100% fine with me. What an amazing fun t… 
Could Marvel have picked a more unlikable lead? 
This doesn't come off well. Why did marvel hire her? Woke points? 
Interesting couple of 
Me: Huh, I’m sick for like the 12th time this year. I wonder why. My body: Probz the intense amount of stress, fi… 
This is about a good friend of mine that passed away in a car accident while on his honeymoon.  So damn sad. A la… 
For you sensitive facebookers.  My status from earlier revised. "Science aint SHIT but an observation of Nature.… 
followers might be able to help.I feel like… 
Updated rankings:1. Winter Soldier2. The Avengers3. First Avenger4. Ant-Man5. GOTG Vol 26. Captain Marvel7.… 
And if we are being honest about who the most devistating hero in the marvel universe is, it would have to be the p… 
Here is me nerding outThor was thought up by stan lee in order to counteract the hulks strength.The hulk is kno… 
Can captain marvel die in the next film? #AskingForAFriend 
let’s. make. this. HAPPEN! 
Poor Don Cheadle he cant catch a break. Hes always an innocent  bystander. I think on his next marve… 
Captain Marvel! 
Captain marvel isn't canonically stronger than thor. Thor was literally invented to be stronger than the Hul… 
camilizer, directioner, harry, zquad, niall, liam, louis, marvel e swifties 
Could Marvel vs Capcom 3 have been popular in arcade centers? via 
I thought about taking my 7 y/o to the movie. She handled Captain Marvel and Wonder Woman pretty well, so maybe this will be okay? 
Marvel’s ETERNALS Movie Reportedly Adds TRAIN TO BUSAN Actor Ma Dong-seok 
take care of Bill Mantlo 
By the way im talking about captain marvel 
If Doctor Strange, Captain Marvel, Black Panther and other movies with a second installation coming in do half as w… 
"Calling Captain Rodgers, please return to gate F12 for a lost item!" Is what I am hearing in Salt Lake City airpor… 
That's hilarious.  Her pre interview nonsense, was enough for me to want to see captain marvel. Why did th… 
Namor MOVIEEE 
This video is harmless, he just likes a series and is excited about a new movie. There are definitely ob… 
Hell yeah. Put that sucker in a frame and marvel over it. 
The main thrust of this story is that there may be unsafe levels of arsenic in bottled water, but let’s pause to ma… 
He better come back or marvel gonna loose every dime I intend to give in the future 
Ant-Man and The Wasp - 19/20 ~&gt; ~&gt; #AntMan #Wasp #TheWasp #Marvel #MarvelComics… 
Thor &gt; Captain Marvel any day of the week 
Funko POP! Goose (Flerken) Bobble-Head Glows in the Dark #hidefninja #funkopop #marvel #flerken 
Everyone knows jumping into a vortex leads to Fairy Tale, Claymation, 8-Bit, Motion Comic, and Golden Age animation… 
There were a lot of people who made Marvel as successful as it is 
I'll choose the Captain "Wolf" America kiddo cause I don't like Marvel bitches... and The Gay Nazi its too 2015 for me! 
Marvel’s Eternals Casts Train to Busan Actor In Undisclosed Role 
I'm sad the loading scene from Captain Marvel isn't inline anywhere yet 
Coming this weekend to West Point Community Theatre.  Captain Marvel at 7:30 Apr. 19, 20, 21.  No Sunday matinee Ea… 
Arguably the biggest movie of the decade, Avengers: Endgame. Where all Marvel hero's come together to defeat Thano… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS TOYBIZ Mojo Series PSYLOCKE X-Men NIB RARE COMIC BRAND NEW!  FlyingT… 
"Ad:" X-23 ( PURPLE VARIANT ) MARVEL LEGENDS APOCALYPSE SERIES- X-MEN   FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Series Guardians Galaxy GOTG 2 Mantis BAF ADAM WARLOCK Incomplete  F… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: NEW Hasbro Marvel Super Hero Squad Mega Pack Sentinel &amp; Wolverine SEALED! RARE!… 
"Ad:" SIDESHOW BLACK WIDOW EXCLUSIVE PREMIUM FORMAT STATUE [MARVEL]  FlyingTreasures 
Marvel Studios Taps Ma Dong-seok for ‘The Eternals’ (Exclusive) 
Hey I’ll be catching the heart-pumping action of Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame on #OpeningWeekend  
I need that moth and whisper v1 in my life 
Ah. I finished all 59 hours or so before Captain Marvel. Now I'm just sitting here wondering what to do for a few more days! 
I still haven't went back and watched all of the Marvel movies yet. I'm running out of time I got a cheat sheet though lol. 
Beto has been campaigning non-stop. It’s a marvel. But let’s pause for a second and appreciate the sacrifices Amy… 
Marvel’s ‘The Eternals’ Adds ‘Train to Busan’ Star Ma Dong-seok - 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Awesome” TV Spot via 
Marvel Legacy Punisher War Machine:  Full Event via #Marvel 
I've finally caught up on the Marvel films. Ant Man and the Wasp, Black Panther and Infinity War.I'm ready. 
"So here's the truth from my red lips..." #clintasha #clintnat #blackwidow #hawkeye #avengersendgame #marvel… 
You can listen to a new episode  of Multiverse Tonight on Apple Podcasts today! #Podcasts… 
I saved myself from watching captian marvel 
Marvel Avengers EndGame shirt tshirt 
it's OUT-OF-THIS-WORRRRRLD!Marvel's Reported Avengers: Endgame Marketing Budget Is 
Epic battles ensue in Acts of Evil from Marvel Comics 
Progress on Hawkeye! Almost done with the structure. Tomorrow will be details!#hawkeye #avengers #avengersendgame… 
Marvel...Jesus Christ. Maybe don’t spoil War of the Realms #2 AND PROBABLY FUTURE ISSUES THAT BUILD UP TO THIS REVE… 
TRAIN TO BUSAN’s Ma Dong-seok Joins Marvel’s THE ETERNALS 
I can't wait till Endgame is out cause I really want to know what's happening with Marvel after "the end"... 
From what I've seen of other interviews, the avengers cast rib each other alot. Hemsworth was trying to… 
Loved because all my fantasies about you follows a mandatory PG-13 rating. My fantasies about Brie Larson's Captain… 
Loved Captain Marvel!!!  Loved your and Fury's relationship.  (A lot different f… 
Porkins and Triggs are lovers don’t me 
"Ad:" Marvel AvengersXPV Remote Control Incredible Hulk Smash RC Car Vehicle Truck  Flyin… 
After Tessa Thompsons write up for Brie Larson in Time 100, I'll scream if Valkyrie/Captain Marvel aren't a thing. 
I honestly laughed because the whole scene played out like someone writing a parody of every marvel pos… 
My parents cat turned 22-years-old today. I don’t really have anything else to add, I just thought you all would… 
Porkins gets the dignified treatment he deserves. 
New Video BREAKING! Spider-Man Far From Home Release Date Moved Up!  #SpiderManFarFromHome #AvengersEndgame… 
Into the marvel universe for the promotional interviews 
Even with all this said, I am unquestionably excited for Endgame. Having watched all the Marvel movies since I was… 
and creators have put in to making him the character that he is today in the comics. Let’s fucking go Marvel! Show… 
portraying him on the big screen, they have continuously misused and underused the character, I sincerely hope they… 
Wonder Woman&gt;&gt;&gt;Captain Marvel 
I'm a huge Marvel fan.  There will be movies coming out without her.I'm just planning… 
One of the best things about any new Marvel movie release is the amount of amazing posters that artists around the… 
I would say #ThorRagnarok is among the top 3 of best marvel movies! Endgame being on top and civil war second 
Watching Spider-Man: Homecoming. Countdown to Endgame.#spiderman #ironman #avengers #endgame #marvel #mcu #comics… 
Solid conclusion to #6. Art's pretty good, albeit with a few rough spots.-Cobra Commander playing th… 
Wonder Woman &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel:  Supposedly the strongest character in MCUCpt Marvel receives some good-natured ball-bus… 
I knew that I was going to have fun drawing Peter, Gwen and Miles on this #SpiderMan book but the unexpected joy ha… 
Totally off topic but WHERE MY MARVEL STANS AT?! Who else is shitting their pants with excitement for next weekend?! 
We had a lot of fun capturing this creative moment with local Colorado Comic book author We talked Ma… 
Marvel Legends Exclusive X-Force Deadpool 12" Action Figure PRE-ORDER 
Yeah she is way to into herself. SJW just wakes up wonders what white male she can  yell at today. She is th… 
FELLOW COMICS GEEKS: Darkseid's Omega Beams are energy. Captain Marvel can absorb energy. Could Captain Marvel abso… 
Marvel movies are just okay. 
Don't.  You don't need to see it for Endgame.  Wait for the Blu-Ray or skip it completely. W… 
Marquei como visto Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. - 5x20 - The One Who Will Save Us All #bancodeseries 
We loved the shop when we were over there last summer. Given a little more room in th… 
Someday we’ll all look back and marvel that, in the same late-2017 game, Alex Verdugo hit his first career homer an… 
I used to marvel, wondering how he’s done it all, and, uh... That’s how. But still I marvel—now he’s clean and STIL… 
"Ad:" Comics: MARVEL COMICS PRESENTS #175 New Genix Final Issue RARE 1995 NM/VF+  FlyingT… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Silver Surfer Walgreens Exclusive New in Box  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Absorbing Man Build A Figure BAF 100% complete!  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Sandman Build A Figure BAF not complete RARE figure!  FlyingTreasures 
She needs to seriously relax. She starring in her own MARVEL movie, she keeps it and will get the Ed Norton treatment. 
#Loki is and will forever be my favorite Marvel character (comics and movies). #Loki  4ever! 
Logan #Pitbull awaiting Avengers Infinity War #endgame #Marvel 
If I were the Catholic Church, I'd just leave notre dame like that and use the billion people raised to buy Marvel 
Similar to a Netflix marvel series only with a bit more swears. There are slower bit b… 
- "Just back it up."- Cross's death is one of the most disturbing in Marvel movies- We have Ant-Man to thank for… 
Marvel just made a fairly big announcement, which I’m placing under a #spoiler tag given #WarOfTheRealms.Ok?Wel… 
Its like they are one of those intense fanboys that boycott the latest Star Wars or Marvel movie due to S… 
Wasn’t he in captain marvel? 
Supernatural Thrillers featuring.. IT! Issue 1.  Picked this up today...  #marvel #horror #igcomic #igcomicbook… 
I just added this listing on Poshmark: #MARVEL #mcu BLACK PANTHER NO-SHOW SOCKS 5 PAIR. via… 
New Video Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Awesome” TV Spot Reaction! #AvengersEndgame #Endgame #Marvel… 
New Video X-Men Dark Phoenix Final Trailer Reaction! #XMenDarkPhoenix #DarkPhoenix #Marvel #XMen #SophieTurner… 
I'm out of compliments to give Yandy Diaz. We all should just marvel in his awesomeness. #RaysUp 
I've just watched episode S02E03 of Marvel's Cloak &amp;...! #marvelscloakdagger  #tvtime 
Saw a post about how "DC villains are better than Marvel villains" and it took me reading to the end of it to reali… 
Box Office Scares or Prayers? ‘Curse of La Llorona’ Battles ‘Breakthrough’ on Easter Weekend… 
#Review: Amazing Spider-Man #19.HU, PT. 4 4/5 #comics… 
With this, and The Tick, and Brightburn, I would like it to be made clear that I don't think the whole concept of s… 
If Yal get bored while your doing something an wanna waisted some time go to YouTube look up Comics Explained ! He… 
hice todo el intento para que me guste Marvel. God knows I've tried. 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “Awesome” TV Spot 
An old Silver Surfer and Galactus piece #silversurfer #galactus #fantasticfour #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbookart… 
Had a blast last night at the w/ kendell_marvel 
I've just watched episode S01E06 of Marvel's Cloak &amp;...! #tvtime 
Idk why Marvel mentioned that Avengers Endgame gon be 3 hours long like that’s supposed to change some shit  I w… 
He's getting his own series so he's probably coming back, Marvel ruins their own hype 
One of the greatest things in my life is nerding out with my boyfriend over Marvel and me asking hi… 
Marvel news: The big, purple villain signed a three-movie deal telling his life story. James Gunn too direct. 
Tonight, it'll be more Marvel's Spider-Man for Playstation 4. Had a blast playing it for everyone last night. What… 
I loved this film when I was a kid. I even have the Marvel Comics adaption as both single issues and a Marvel Movie… 
sure baby whatever helps u sleep at night. stan captain marvel  
I’m a huge Star Wars fan, her statement is way out of context and same thing goes for all the Marvel fans in the world. 
- Cassie is adorable- They need to release a short film of Luis recapping the entire MCU before they release Endga… 
Love that idea — my students, like most 10 year olds, love all things Marvel so I may have to try this. 
Between captain marvel and the unicorn store I cannot love Brie anymore. But I bet I will!!! 
The crazy thing about DWAS is that I don’t go nearly as hard as I went for Love Lies! I’m bout to step my game up b… 
Thank you! Truthfully I expected to get all sorts of heat for my tweets about Captain Marvel, but… 
Bring on the action You’ll see me at the theater #OpeningNight. TWICE. I can’t wait to see Marvel… 
Gonna be a damn shame if these Marvel shows aren’t resurrected when it’s legal in 2020. Maybe another Defenders min… 
If Chip Zdarksy doesn't get the first offer on ASM once Spencer is done then Marvel is canceled. 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Iceman  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Series Avengers Endgame Citizen V 6" Action Figure  FlyingTre… 
Loved hanging out with and tonight. Great BBQ in Raleigh and discussion about Brie Larson in… 
Well she was preceded by her comments about the straight white male demographic which she addressed directl… 
ladies, it's 2019. don't give attention to guys who think that Captain Marvel "took the whole 'women have power' thing a little too far" 
Deadpool! I’ve seen it ONCE and didn’t understand it, I know  I’m clearly not a Marvel person.  #sammieeounstudys 
i think i need to see captain marvel again. 
taking a momentary break from ... everything today ... to marvel at what 1996 Dave Burdick would have thought about… 
I got Peter Parker + Ron Weasley! 
Marvel's Latest Crossover Has Some Familiar Problems 
Emma Thompson, Paul Rudd set to host ‘SNL’ An Oscar winner and a Marvel superhero will h… 
Damn it. Is this true? Few comics are as outright fun as WCA. Always read it first whe… 
For the War of Realms main mini-series, I give Marvel props for the regular cover being the best of them.… 
Tonight, it'll be more Marvel's Spider-Man for Playstation 4. What trouble will I get in to? You'll have to tune in… 
Now that they under marvel they gone get all the love they been missing 
Agreed! 
I been told that every marvel film is important for endgame. But captain marvel does feel like it building up to endgame. 
Well if nobody gonna ask.... where you at? I’ll join you if you need a Marvel buddy.  
No need to complain tbh, her comic are gonna see some uptick cuz of the movies but still do what they alway… 
ALAN MOORE - talks about Stan Lee, Jack Kirby and Steve Ditko via Jack Kirby is th… 
The Hubble Space Telescope is a marvel of engineering and even with it being one of the finest pie… 
*Captain Marvel and Maria Rambeau appears on screen*Me:#captainmarvel #marvel #caroldanvers 
“Hey so who else saw Captain Marvel? No spoilers, but like... how was it?”(But actually I’m sure th… 
Colin Trevorrow's first film was Safety Not Guaranteed, a drama/romance, then he went on to do Jurassic… 
That wasn't pretty 
Well, comic book Marvel yes. MCU? No. Beerus can single handedly wipe out the MCU. 
So excited to see what Carol does in Endgame! #AvengersEndgame #CaptainMarvel 
1. Captain Marvel2. Thor3. Dr Strange 4. Hulk 5. Iron Man 
And the most frustrating thing about the lore is that they keep giving us tiny little bits. It’s been thr… 
last night i was insanely stoned while my family was watching infinity war and it's the ONLY marvel movie ive seen… 
Having to choose nehMarvel neh 
DATE NIGHT! 
Check out CALENDAR WAR OF THE REALMS CAPTAIN MARVEL WOLVERINE AVENGERS SHE HULK THOR DD FF #Marvel via 
I've just watched episode S01E05 of Marvel's Cloak &amp;...! #tvtime 
And it’s literally the only marvel movie I’ve ever really cared about seeing. 
I got Spider-Man and Tom Holland! 
I’m still very skeptical of anything Marvel, but Chloe Zhao directed The Rider, maybe my favorite movie from last y… 
1/2  1/2 Star Wars StanConservative don’t meMake America Great Again Puerto Rican Pride Sagittarius Marvel Stan 
Me waiting for new content from and 
Sadly, I think that’s a Sony issue than a Marvel issue. They couldn’t put their egos aside. 
The Nintendo Switch-exclusive Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 launches this 
More Daredevil shots please 
I've just watched episode S02E09 of Marvel's Agent C...!  #tvtime 
The first female Marvel Studios Supper Hero movie w… 
Emma Thompson, Paul Rudd set to host Oscar winner and a Marvel superhero will hel… 
There no beef tho, brie and chris are friends, and why would you be done after endgame? Do you really w… 
Emma Thompson, Paul Rudd set to host                        An Oscar winner and a M… 
 CALLING ALL MARVEL ENTHUSIAST  I need some help! 
going to see captain marvel by myself cause no one wanted to go with me:) 
Check out 2019 CALENDAR WAR OF THE REALMS KEYFORGE MARVEL HELLBOY BATWOMAN ARCHIE GOON DC  via 
I got Spider-Man and Tom Holland! essa! Rs 
"Ad:" Marvel Studios The First Ten Years Thor The Dark World 6” Thor and Sif FREE SHIP  F… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Wolverine X-23 Figure Sauron  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Spiderman and The Marvel Universe Posable Die-cast Lot  FlyingTreasures 
Disney + will explore new stories in Star Wars and Marvel series 
Neither did rebuilding the twin tower. It all symbolic. There are very few buildings… 
I just read it and yesss! 
Perfect metaphor for  he calls the President of France and the P… 
Captain Marvel Womansplains Thor via This is the hollywood princess you tube chang… 
i’m gonna rewatch marvel movies tonight cause why not 
I want to see Valkyrie and Ms. Marvel in a stand alone movie together please . 
PEPPEEEEERRRRR  
I have to disagree. Compare the Weekly service attendance (locals who are there week in and week o… 
Homecoming, Civil War, Captain Marvel, Ant-Man, Iron Man 3 
This female superhero movie was produced by Marvel before Captain Marvel. Yes i… 
My wife and I have revisited the entire Marvel universe the last few weeks to get ready for Endgame. I combined a f… 
When you keep watching Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 in public in hope to find someone that still plays this dead game  
I would add every characters name into that list also.. and marvel while you’re at it lol 
Of course I've seen all of the movies, well except Captain Marvel, and I watched ant man and wasp on the pl… 
#captain #marvel is #useless on wbu I would like a ref… 
Disney Movie Rewards Marvel Studios The First Ten Years Emoji Pin Set #3  ( 7 Bids )  
Fantasy Art: Captain Marvel by Rayner Alencar Art:  #fantasyart 
Captain Marvel was political and no one said anything 
We inch ever-closer to the Marvel 2.5-hour Entertainment Unit 
Don’t mind me, just continuously rewatching the opening sequence of Homecoming where an instrumental version of the… 
Late Marvel Fan Received A Moving Tribute From His Widow On Instagram - Marvel StudiosThe lead-up to the release… 
Wow thanks for the info, I'll read it after work. I can't wait for you… 
Just picked it up a few minutes ago! 
Most of my Marvel knowledge came from that show 
marvel is a mommy 
Everyone’s A Combo Of A Marvel Cinematic Universe Character And Actor — Here’s Yours 
Someone hide this form Scarlett Johansson  
I'm trying to put a team together. I want to make my very own Marvel game. I'm kind of poor. But it's… 
Marvel Studios President Confirms a Gay Superhero Is Coming 
ETERNALS Movie Reportedly Adds TRAIN TO BUSAN Actor Ma Dong-seok#Marvel #Eternals… 
ya girl is seeing captain marvel tonight!! 
As a fan of the X-Men films and a staunch defender of them (they’re better than most Marvel movies!!) I reluctantly agree 
If she doesn’t, we burn Marvel to the ground. 
Available now Marvel Universe: The End, by Jim Starling. Renowned comic creator Jim Starlin tells the final tale of… 
-Marvel-Toy Story-Star Wars-Indiana Jones 
The only worry I have is that they’re going to try and make a love story out of Thor/M… 
Curious why marvel over InVision... I used it way way back and they seemed pretty compatible 
It’s so stressful being a Marvel fan and avoiding all these spoilers and trailers for #AvengersEndgame! I’m just tr… 
thread da minha maratona Marvel 
A character is created in the comics then transferred to movies/show so that means that hulk has… 
Wonder Why by Marvel Years #NowPlaying 
What's Marvel have to do with this? 
A late Marvel fan received a moving tribute from his widow ahead of #AvengersEndgame 
9 #Marvel  #Avengers #AvengersEndgame… 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on from #poshmark #fashion… 
lrt my dumbass thought Captain Marvel in that poster was Storm and I was literally about to piss myself with excitement smh 
I've just watched Lotus EatersS01E07 #marvelscloakdaggerMarvel's Cloak &amp;...  #tvtime 
"Ad:" RARE ~ NEW 2007 Marvel Super Hero Squad Figure 2 Pack - Ant Man  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" NEW 2008 Marvel Super Hero Squad Figure 2 Pack - Spider-Man &amp; Vulture  FlyingTreasu… 
"Ad:" NEW 2008 Marvel Super Hero Squad Figure 2 Pack - King Hulk &amp; Iron Man  FlyingTreasu… 
This is amazing literally is just brilliant!! 
"Ad:" Fantasy: RARE NEW 2007 Marvel Super Hero Squad Figure 2 Pack - Beast &amp; Iceman  Flyi… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: RARE ~ NEW 2007 Marvel Super Hero Squad Figure 2 Pack - Ant Man  FlyingTre… 
So comics are practically dead. All the DC and Marvel shows have become garbage/cancelled. DC can't create shit for… 
I've just watched Princeton OffenseS01E05 #marvelscloakdaggerMarvel's Cloak &amp;...  #tvtime 
( Thanks to David Campiti for the intro) (Y) If you've never seen the '70s-era SUPERMAN VS. SPIDER-MAN, it's an in… 
A friend died last year in the cinema while watching Infinity war, I wasn't there but it was so… 
South Korean actor Ma Dong-seok, a.k.a. Don Lee, to make American #film debut opposite Angelina Jolie in #Marvel's… 
Presenters need to have the charismatic personality and identify with the current audience to create link with fans… 
It was produced by 20th Century FOX, Regency and MARVEL. lol. 
On the night I met my now-fiancee, she told me about-Marvel Umlimited on her phone-playing DnD tw… 
A marvel to watch Rob what a player  
Just when you think Marvel has peaked, they come at you dropping hints like some shit! 
This is how I watched all the Marvel movies over the last few weeks. I call it The Infinity Order. The Infinity Ord… 
What a marvel he is to watch!  
lol. You are fun. 
I've been asked if watching Captain Marvel is necessary before Avengers Endgame and it definitely is not. You can l… 
GOT MY ENDGAME TICKETS FOR THURSDAY!!! I'm not mentally prepared for this movie yall. #AvengersEndgame #Avengers… 
Day 5- ya betta believe it! #11daytshirtcountdown #marvel #mcu #avengers #endgame marvelstudios 
DC and Marvel are very powerful IPs. They easily could. Idk about ESPN. 
Even the most powerful superhero in the galaxy needs a quick course on the Audi #etron.Join Captain Marvel for the… 
Marquei como visto Marvel's Cloak and Dagger - 2x1 - Restless Energy #bancodeseries 
Thanks Marcelo! 
Come hang out, eat some great pancakes,bacon, and sides for dinner. Dive into the Word of God and marvel at His work. 
New post: BSP Episode 475: Captain Marvel 
Marvel Studios’ ‘The Eternals’ Adds Ma Dong-seok to Cast 
I voted for #TeamSuperman on is the most powerful hero…period 
Cuz shes the Marvel Mom 
While we marvel tonight’s games let us not forget that City and Spurs have defended like a bunch of Smurfs tonigh… 
Been following his career a marvel to watch that Korean boy. 
#HOMECOMING is so beautiful but this thing is longer than Captain Marvel &amp; I’m tired now... had a long day at the o… 
You don’t even watch marvel movies  
Yeah,  or that I have entered seen.  There isn't a lot of new stuff and the shows that are - are l… 
It’s still ABSOLUTELY INSANE that Disney and/or Marvel tried to cut the best part of Age of Ultron to force Joss to… 
No, I have enough going on with The Marvel Universe and Game of Thrones! 
Ant Man 2 and Captain Marvel 
Don’t worry -- we’re reversing the snap (even if #Marvel doesn’t). You could win a box of collectibles that will le… 
Seeing movies with someone this invested is so wholesome.Like...When the last Harry Potter movie came out, I sobb… 
Unplanned, Captain Marvel, and the State of the American Church - GULP! 
Thor’s stronger than captain marvel in my opinion, he can’t just throw his axe and cut her little… 
I'm Thor, which Avenger are you most like?  
"Ad:" MARVEL ENTERTAINMENT STOCKHOLDER FOLDER SIGNED BY STAN LEE 1993  FlyingTreasures 
Just watch all the Marvel movies. 
They all seem to die, then at the very end Freddy's glove reaches out of the ground and pulls the Ma… 
South Korean Actor Ma Dong-seok Joins Marvel’s The Eternals 
It's a marvel to look at, astonishing really. More so when actually zoom in and have a closer look  
Brie Larson said she is the first woman to front a Marvel movie? She forget the 2005 Elekta movie. 
I just want to mash the 2 into the following below.Road Rules HothSex and… 
Disney's Tangled The Series x Marvel's Guardian Of The Galaxy! 
Hope they got the necessary copyrights from marvel 
Do you like books about bureaucratic solutions and less problem solving violence? Well #DamageControl is just the b… 
Captain Marvel tf 
Had no… 
Thank you so much for your patience on the Captain Marvel shoe restock, y'all! I have been informed that it will be… 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Testing Quantum Realm Suits Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel... via 
Wow now I really wanna do captain marvel lmao the theme is just *women* 
Captain Marvel isn't added there... She'd slip in between Cap America: First Avenger and Iron Man 1... 
Old man Hawkeye and Old man Logan are great you should totally read themAvoid Old Man Qu… 
The Russos Demand Your Silence #Avengers:Endgame #Marvel #MCU 
Brie Larson said she is the first woman to front a Marvel movie? She… 
Well, they did say they wanted more diversity. 
'Train To Busan' Actor Ma Dong-seok Reportedly Joining Marvel's 'The 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Series Spider-Man Spider-Woman 6" Action Figure Lizard BAF NEW  Flyi… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS NICK FURY FROM GIANT MAN BAF SERIES As Is  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" X-Men Origins Wolverine Unmasked 3.75” Figure Hasbro Marvel Universe  FlyingTreasur… 
#nebula is #weak why waste #materials on t3 her? I know she’s probably one of your… 
Silver sulfur vs Galactus most powerful being in marvel movies via 
You the saw the South Korea Captain Marvel Goose memes right? 
De Bruyne is such a marvel to watch. Brilliant passer of the ball. 
Marvel's The Eternals is coming along nicely  
YESSS!! She seems like s… 
Just so everyone knows. Captain Marvel won’t be as strong in this movie. The only reason she was insanely strong wa… 
keep an eye out 
 on Marvel Comics: Professor Hulk Explained 
Marvel’s bumping up the Far From Home release date just a little, from July 5 to July 2. Why? Why not? 
Uhm, guys. My husband had #figscaricature turn our family into Marvel characters. I have never felt more badass. An… 
I mean... she directed a movie about unicorns and is cap marvel, so yeah? 
It's Captain America first... Captain Marvel was set in the nineties... 
SHAZAM &gt; Captain Marvel 
yo listen marvel assholes CAPTAIN AMERICA CAN BE PLAYED  BY ANOTHER PERSON SO CAPTAIN MARVEL OR GAM… 
Mace didn’t die either. He just fell into the Marvel Cinematic Universe and is biding his time as Nic… 
assholes CAPTAIN AMERICA  CHIS EVANS FACES MASKED ZEMO NOW LISTEN CHRIS EVANS ISNT CAOTAIN AMERICA IAM AND… 
I'm on air right now till 7 pm on and Hot 103 Jamz! Qualify to win $1000 in Spring Cash wit… 
Check out 2008 Hasbro / Marvel Green Goblin Spiderman Super Villain 6.5" Inch Tall Figure #Marvel via 
I'm betting on this: "During a battle with a higher powered clone of Thanos, Thor received Megingjord alon… 
Just sing an Avengers song and it will be all better 
Just finished Magnificent Ms. Marvel #2 and it was blast!! Can't wait to see where the story goes fro… 
GOT fans... who's seeing this? I am not much of a Marvel fan, nor a GOT fan, however I think this trailer just conv… 
I CAN'T WAIT!!! Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via 
Wolverina x Fallow me US 
My 20 month old sons favorite word is "Hulk". For only knowing the Hulk from 5 minute Marvel Stories,  I figured he… 
. Marvel wins Silver Edison Award for Hearing Technology Design. #audpeeps: 
Banjo I feel like has really good chances.Personally, I really want to see Monster Hunter, especially… 
You looks hot as Brie Larson Captain Marvel boo #higherfurtherfasterbaby… 
 please fly this poor girl out to t… 
i stan-why don't we -5sos-one direction (solo) -marvel 
Calling all Fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. A new TV spot for Endgame has been released.  #Avengers… 
Little did #thanos know, his wardrobe is not yet complete. marvelstudios #marvel #avengersendgame 
I said What I said These are the best marvel films Hounrable mentions would beIron man 1 Gotg vol 2 
Fuccckkkk, 9 days left and I still need to watch captain marvel  
Wait, you watch Marvel movies? Just the movies, or you read comics too? 
With YouI love to watch the sunriseOver gentle, whispering wavesAnd marvel at the oceanThat goes on for days a… 
I got to bing watch all the marvel movies now 
I don't collect a lot of pops but I had to get this on. #Stantheman #Marvel #Excelsior 
R-Rated Deadpool Won’t Change Under Disney’s Rule Says Marvel Boss 
Just when I was about to download Captain Marvel  
this was a direct attack on me and my family 
Fr tho captain marvel was a horribly timed movie. If Marvel (Disney) needed a strong female led movie, they should'… 
i would have snapped at her so damn hard. i have seen every single marvel movie multiple times and… 
Haha no way??? Honestly, it’s genuinely one of the best Marvel films. You need to see it before Endgame! 
Or the two, same was the Arms Direct that had new things from Splatoon 2 as wellBut I believe that inst… 
Ant Man has by far, the WORST storytelling and character development of the current Marvel Arch. 
Ah that’ll be great! Yeah, I’m currently waiting to watch Captain Marvel for the 3rd time.  
Employees of my Company watched you as Capt Marvel - I’m impressed and hooked  Keep it up  Brie  
Gender-Swapped Captain Marvel#art #artist #digitalart #digitalartist #fanart #artistsontwitter #artistsonfacebook… 
The is one of the most inspiring facilities I have ever visited - a marvel of public works. They h… 
my girl is a marvel fan couldn't have asked for anything else sksksksjsk 
Credit should be given to Pep Gurdiola for getting the best out of Sterling. He has matured a lot. A marvel to watc… 
*shaking* p-please no.... I'm not sure if I can recover after Marvel VS Capcom 
Also keep in mind that these people who are launching a smear campaign against Dark Phoenix are the same… 
is giving me flashbacks to Marvel Heroes Omega. We all finna end up with refunds  
"Ad:" Comics: MARVEL 1ST ED WOLVERINE TPB FRANK MILLER 1987 NEW UNREAD RARE EARLY MARVEL TPB… 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Masterworks Volume 97 Sgt Fury and His Howling Commandos Hardcover RARE… 
Thanks for finally clarifying. I'm not sure why you didn't do that earl… 
Captain Marvel inspired t-shirt 
#GodGotIt : (Opinion) 'Unplanned,' 'Captain Marvel' and the state of the American ChurchWe can be reasonably sure… 
"Ad:" Action Figures Spiderman lot 1995 Bandai Mattell DC Marvel DC Universe  FlyingTreas… 
"Ad:" Marvel Battle Ravaged Spiderman Figure 6" 2001  FlyingTreasures 
Part of the issue is that Marvel is not paying well and is not going to attract a legend with the lowest… 
Guardians of the Galaxy was such a big gamble from Marvel and it’s so crazy that it landed. I still remember me and… 
#avengersendgame Poster. #mcu #avengers #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies #geek… 
I is what I's eat: #comicsconsumption 27% Marvel17% ___self-published15% Image11% DC10% Fantagraphics8% D&amp;Q5… 
Just saying you can have both and satisfy everyone's niche. That's not a waste of money if you're ab… 
Lol And after Captain Marvel. That’s become a thing. An annoying thing. 
I'm so hacked because i have to watch captain marvel this weekend 
Lenovo FCC Filing Suggests Marvel-Themed Disney AR Headset Coming 
You’re killing it though! Celebrating your own success is better than someone that hates you for your success 
I’m a pretty big marvel fan and a lot of the movies are average at best there’s only 4 or 5 that I really like 
caws, im3, captain marvel, ragnarok, 
Possibly my least favorite X-men and Marvel storyline of all time....way to ruin what might be my last… 
Between today and yesterday we got: Release date for Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 Smash 3.0 update which comes out… 
7 marvel movies to gooooOoo 
Fox had some many times 2 course correct but never did. No idea y Fox would let Kinberg di… 
Check out our reaction to the final trailer for...."Dark Phoenix" by clicking the link below... #DarkPhoenix… 
Spider-Man PS4 fans?Let's talk sequel #spidermanps4 #spiderman #gaming… 
Anything that isn't marvel is fine by me, ideally its an original idea without a preexisting property,… 
From a business point of view, each one-shot could be negotiated or structured independentl… 
Marvel’s The Eternals Reportedly Eyeing Conrad Ricamora as Gay Asian Lead 
the guy i like fucking likes marvel i’m WINNING 
Hell with Nebula we need t3 Jean 
Is Captain Marvel Worth Watching? Endgame's Next Week And I Need To Prep. 
This sounds like a Win-Win, Jennifer.   Being one-shots, it can remove a lot of the deadlin… 
I just left that event with an extra spring in my step. I marvel at the courage of those who have suffered g… 
I've just watched episode S05E14 of Marvel's Agents ...! #AgentsofSHIELD   #tvtime 
Check out the covers for the upcoming new X-Men series House of X and Powers of X! House of X will see Charles Xa… 
monte seu time de #Endgame   com que aparecerIron Man: Widow: 
Infinity Gauntlet during TNReady testing - just saying...Ty knows all.  He is strong. But He could snap his fingers… 
I don’t know wtf y’all are on but the marvel movies kinda blow 
"Ad:" Captain America #1 PGX 9.8 NOT CGC Signed by Stan Lee Variant Cover Marvel Comic  F… 
Me: *sees new trailer* Trailer: *consists of scenes from the other 21 movies and nothing new*Me: I’m SCREAMING!!!… 
I need a marathon 
#MARVEL: Universe of Super Heroes is open at Get your tickets and, for those without the ability to f… 
&amp; Dagger's Olivia Holt and Aubrey Joseph Play Guess That Marvel Superhero #TVGuide… 
Tessa Thompson on Valkyrie’s ‘Avengers: Endgame’ whereabouts and Captain Marvel shippers 
Y’all didn’t need any snickers bars right? 
Marvel vs Capcom 2. - drops mic. 
I’m touching myself tonight. Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via 
Who DJing it though  
Success is a lonely ride! 
Tessa Thompson on Valkyrie’s ‘Avengers: Endgame’ whereabouts and Captain Marvel shippersWhen Marvel Studios revea… 
Here's another Black Canary selfie while I edit my cosplay photos #cosplay #blackcanary #marvel #superhero… 
Though I may dislike some of their movies, what Marvel has done with their film series is incredible. It's somethin… 
Classic Avengers and More from the 1970’s! | This Week in Marvel 
Funko POP! Marvel: Spider-Man, Spider-Man Homemade Suit Unmasked, Walmart Exclusive - 
Marvel is de juice fam 
now that West Coast Avengers is cancelled could give Gwenpool her own series again where she’s not shipped… 
As a person who has bawled multiple times at Marvel movie, who gets moved by sometimes the simplest acts of goodnes… 
I’m more excited for this than i am for the next game of thrones episode and Marvel movi… 
I can see that Marvel wants to finish my money and I blame for reigniting this love in me . 
I've just watched episode S02E05 of Marvel's Agent C...!  #tvtime 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Green Goblin BAF Torso  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Mandroid BAF Right Arm  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Hobgoblin BAF Left Leg  FlyingTreasures 
EVS is A/B testing to position himself in a post sequel trilogy world. The guys running a business… 
Endgame’ TV Spot Reveals Character Edited Out - MARVELAvengers: Endgame comes out in nine days (eight days if yo… 
Brie Larson (Captain Marvel) doesn't care about your rating David, you 40 year old (close enough) white… 
And again they broke the news that Jude Law was in Captain Marvel and were completely wrong about the ro… 
Depends on what’s playing. Can’t be watching marvel movies with the wrong crowd  
Go back and read those articles. None of them say that. THR originally said it and have since edited the… 
Marvel Eyeing Gay Asian Actor For Lead Role In The Eternals 
If anybody was looking for this book.. They got them at Five Below for $5 .. How to draw comics the Marvel way.… 
#waybackwednesday When life was all about #carebears and #spiderman hoodies!!!  What were your favorite things as a… 
It's not real as in its a fictional story. It is not going to provide… 
She always wants her Marvel waifu as the star of the cover. 
Brie talking about her character, working in Marvel, and Endgame 
Do you think Scott Hatteberg brags that the guy who plays him in Moneyball is also a Marvel Superhero?I would. 
Not that my grade needs it, but we fan do an extra credit film analysis...I will take any and every chance to talk about Captain Marvel 
...the respect from DC to an industry legend, Marvel legend (and just plain ol’ legend) like Stan Lee.T… 
Ok... that was a classy tweet. see folks, DC and Marvel don’t always have to be at odds. You can like bot… 
Final X-Men: Dark Phoenix trailer sends Marvel’s mutants into space 
Finally we get around to watch this...we missed it at the theater but we have been looking forward to it.… 
Amazon And if Marvel Heroes and DC Comics Heroes come to Brazil - Avengers - League of Just… 
Listen to our podcast where we review ACTION COMICS #1008, AGE OF X-MAN: THE X-TREMISTS #1, AMAZING SPIDER-MAN #16,… 
It's wild that Marvel has created a situation in which the entire value of their upcoming movie is the spoilers. Ca… 
Marvel 4 life!!  
Well Marvel (Disney) owns them now. I’m sure they’ll fix up the mess Fox made 
Marvel Comics has revealed the comics that are part of the Acts of Evil event will feature Ms. Marvel, Punisher, an… 
April 15 is the cut off for anyone trying to enter the MCU movie challenge. Lucky me, I entered way before deadline… 
Yea, the Marvel franchise is going down. No doubt they’ll blame patriarchy, sexism, and fanboys for the  they’ll t… 
#WakandaForever x “Black Panther” Dame 5 Launching 4/26, Select Stores and Onl… 
Thanos is a beast (Captain Marvel vol. 5, #17, Peter David/Jim Starlin--right after the pages I shared in my other post) 
Team Ironman for life 
Breaking...David French said something positive about Marvel without reference to DC. Order is restored in the universe. 
Kind of a cool Thor moment in someone else's book (Captain Marvel vol. 5, #17, Peter David/Jim Starlin) 
ever watch captain marvel? 
Marvel Fans Think #AvengersEndgame Directors Leaked That Footage On Purpose - 
AVENGERS: ENDGAME "Summer Begins" TV Spot Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel via  #QuartaDetremuraSDV 
That’s not marvel man....... he has to die 
Marvel Legends Series Infinity Gauntlet is in stock for $84.04 at Amazon | Get The Tracker App 
Ever wonder how Nick Fury lost his eye?   #QuartaDetremuraSDV 
This emotional Phase 3 Marvel retrospective is the ultimate Endgame pregame 
And don't bother to bring her back. 
Those old Zombie stories are so good! Marvel did horror really well back in the day, love that IH… 
Marvel Eyeing Gay Asian Actor For Lead Role In #TheEternals - 
Marvel turned basically d list hero cool so eternls are no different 
Captain marvel cat 
ALRIGHT SO AVENGERS ENDGAME LEAKS ARE OUT AND THE INTERNET IS ABLAZE. I’m deleting Twitter &amp; YouTube until I see th… 
Forget Marvel or DC. I want to know if you’re Titan Industries or DiMera Enterprises.  #DaysOfOurLives #DOOL… 
This is exciting! Who’s ready? #KEXL #AvengersEndgame #Marvel 
The MCU AND THE Avengers films have been a cash cow for Disney and Marvel. I can’t… 
Atlanta Has A Pretty Big Presence In The Marvel Universe 
After watching this 3425 times, I realise I really have to stop!!!  
This doesn't surprise me at all. I got Tony Stark/Iron Man! 
Piss off, Marvel fanboy 
One can only marvel at the fact that our first openly gay candidate for president is going to end up being too cons… 
9 Marvel comics you should read before Avengers: Endgame 
No. I’ve seen Captain Marvel. 
Square Enix’s Marvel Avengers 
Marvel's Infatty War 
WE WANT RATED R MARVEL FILMS IN THE NEXT PHASE 
"Ad:" Comics: VENOM #1 3rd Printing Orange Variant Marvel Comics 2011 Spider-Man VERY RARE 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends FANTASTIC FOUR 4 Action Figure lot 2003 ToyBiz Loose  FlyingTreasures 
Gonna be real pissed if the zombie apocalypse hits before Martin finishes ASOIAF or Captain Marvel marries her wife. 
"Ad:" Collectible Big Spider-Man Titan Hero Series Action Figure Marvel Large 2012  Flyin… 
"Ad:" MARVEL COMICS THANOS INFINITY WAR GAUNTLET T-SHIRT MENS SUPERHERO MOVIE TEE  Flying… 
The Myth of Comic Book Start-Ups as the "Next Marvel" 
You're right! (Gasp) I'd NEVER want to make this exchange searchable… 
Bro people that don’t like Beyoncé just want to be different soooooooooooooo bad and it’s very clear because she is… 
It’s just like I never even expected to LIKE Marvel. I only went to the first Avengers movie because… 
shhh stop being angsty 
the guest list is very exclusive don't feel bad 
Ok future 
Naw everyone need to see this even them fake ass marvel fans. Don’t say shit  
Forreal 
I bought my ticket when the pre sale was released because y’all don’t know how to keep spoilers to yourselves. And… 
we planned  funeral.  thought we should notify the guest list so they could prepare! 
Captain Marvel Womansplains Thor via #CaptainMarvel #Thor #AvengersEndgame… 
Marvel needs to STOP dropping new clips before they slip up and ruin the whole movie on twitter 
Juni Cortez is gonna be the one to defeat Thanos in Endgame. Not Iron Man, not Ant Man, not Nebula, not Hulk, Not C… 
#31DayCinemaChallenge Day 2 - Last film you saw in a theater.SHAZAM! (2019) A good film adaptation of the Marvel F… 
Marvel Studios Looking For A Gay Asian Lead For ‘The Eternals’ 
Little-known fact: I grew up in Wakanda and also New York and also circa-1980 rural 
Any snickers bars in shoes for this round?  
Submitted this to an art show centered around women’s day at my local comic book shop! It’s my first time entering… 
Russo brothers ask Marvel fans not to spoil 'Avengers: Endgame' - 
Meet the Executive Avengers Who Help Kevin Feige Make Marvel Magic. Followup article by via 
You literally took hard left turn, your talking bout dude been around busin… 
Today was abit of a sad day. I hope everyone will check out this underrated gem in trade &amp; I hope with how… 
We have so many new posters from I especially love this Marvel origins one! #gifts #posters… 
3AM is sounding so beautiful.  I sometimes marvel. 
Talk about selective reality--you marvel that the gold cross in Notre Dame remained, but don't acknowledge that you… 
This is me watching any marvel movie of all time and I’m not undateable I HAVE A GF AND SHEWS GAAWGEOUS 
I obsess over marvel and no one has said I'm gross. Let people like stuff even if you don't like it. You don't own them. 
Intellectual and emotional don't really describe Herc, do 
Only thing worse then Game of Thrones guy is Marvel guy. War spoilers crashing their world. 
A Captain Marvel flower! 
"DC should've just been patient the way Marvel has been patient for the past 10 years to lead us to this moment whe… 
I always marvel at people who excel at the top of what they doWhether its growing tomatoes… 
Don't rely on Marvel trailers  
Prints 2019 - Captain Marvel#captainmarvel #prints #capitãmarvel 
Fox's X-MEN Film Series Prepares for the End in Final DARK PHOENIX Trailer 
I’m 100% a marvel avengers guy but im prepared to give this benefit of doubt and go see it 
I'm starting to feel the same way with the current SW run Marvel.  And now it appears t… 
The haul for #newcomicbookday! Did I miss anything? #SpiderMan #WCAvengers #IronMan #majorX… 
See which heroes are hiding inside these Kinder Joy Avengers Chocolate Surprise Eggs 
Mary Marvel Self-Locking Lego Inspired ABS Building Blocks Minifigure 
Marvel’s Kevin Feige Says Disney Won’t Be Changing Deadpool 
6. "Karen", "Piper" and "Male Lead" are other roles to be cast7. There is one more role I haven't revealed that's… 
You read my mind. Maybe it’s some Marvel spin off/theme. Or even a collaboration  Either way can’t wait to find out. 
You people at Disney literally ruin everything you fucking touch, from Marvel to starwars and now Netflix and apple… 
I've just watched episode S02E03 of Marvel's Agent C...!  #tvtime 
Kevin Feige Says Deadpool Isn't Broken, And Won't Be Fixed #Deadpool #Marvel #MarvelExtendedUniverse #MCU… 
Stop it...  I like it  
There is a larger AT&amp;T/WarnerMedia streaming service being packaged up to compete with… 
MCUThe AvengersCapt MarvelBatmanStuckyLokiFalcon 
Can you share the op story? Like how you told them?  
is making a true classic. Hopefully we get more stories akin to this from 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Black Panther 6” Movie Loose  FlyingTreasures 
yeah, avengers are always supposed to be "the other" in mutants stories. they kind of need that to sell t… 
Nobodu dies in Marvel 
I don’t typically like to engage in Enjoying Watching Over People Upset culture but I’d be lying if I told you I do… 
Great article, Matt!! Love Alonso's reply to spilling the beans on the last #AvengersEndgame : “You d… 
Can I watch this film, even if I haven't watched any marvel film before? 
Is Game of Thrones DC or Marvel? 
My people! Hit the link and show the podcast some love!-We break down every marvel movie on the way to endgame-… 
This weekend is going to be Marvelous with Captain Marvel - 
Just gonna say it, this is probably the saddest conclusion of a franchise we’ll have this year and not cause we’ll… 
Just 1 more week! It's FREE to play and there are prizes for top teams! Wednesday, 24th 6:30pm.#marvel… 
With our powers combined, &amp; I are The Helmet Pals!... We may need to work on the name. Any ideas, Tru… 
Does every poorly received Marvel movie have at least one exceptional scene? Age of Ultron has the… 
... Just marvel at these poor souls.… 
THREE DAYS  
Us next week  
Doctor Strange - Avengers..Cosplayer: m1sterdoctor ..#cosplay #doctorstrange #drstrange #stevenstrange… 
What we all guessed, Pepper is there when Stark gets back to HQ. 
Meet the Executive Avengers Who Help Kevin Feige Make Marvel Magic 
Marvel’s Top Executives Are Obsessed With This Daily Self-Care Practice (EXCLUSIVE) #TranscendentalMeditation calms… 
Nah that haopened a lot at my captain marvel screening 
With the impending release of Avengers: Endgame, let's  take a look at Marvel technology that could exist in real l… 
Well shit marvel would ya stop with the new footage thank you but no thank you 
Legit had no idea what Clint said until like the fifth listen 
I dont get how it's gotten worse....X2 is still better than most! Crazy how Cyclops and Storm had never h… 
I CANT WAIT! 
Loki - Asgard. .Cosplayer: _myladyalice ..: moped_1 ..#cosplay #loki #ladyloki #asgard #asgardian #thor… 
Sign the petition! #SaveDaredevil  
Reported 
*evil laughter* 
If there's one month where you need to make a point of going to the movies, this is it. Of course there are lots of… 
It me. Goth Captain Marvel. 
I agree. I have shared the "older' books and character with nieces, nephews, and god childr… 
Not gonna happen. DC has to make movies which make money. For that they'l… 
The Banana Spider's Golden Silk Is Actually A Natural Marvel 
Hulu is missing season four of the Twilight Zone (Netflix… 
"Saying 'I'm all about the Marvel universe' is like bragging that your mom still pins your mittens… 
the spider-man 2 main theme is the most epic marvel theme of all time don’t me on this 
I want them Egg Hats 
Actually the magicians is really good! I know someone who watches it and ive watched tidbits here a… 
According to this article  Fiegi implies that  #Loki will be alive by the end of Endgame!!!!! 
The Cult of Koga Thun is collected in B&amp;W this October 
Do you know nothing of history ? France didn’t have colonies during the time this was being built . Do y… 
Gotcha! Yea, I think that's part of why I don't have short hair, just because I couldn't bother with… 
You went without He's gonna feel so betrayed. 
I think they were surprised by how varied the lineup is. Simpsons, Star Wars, NatGeo, Marvel. Feels like… 
valkyrie and captain marvel would be too powerful if they were together and that’s why it’s not happening 
I love this!!!! 
"Ad:" Marvel Board Game Lot- Marvel Strike Teams and 5 Minute Marvel  FlyingTreasures 
I just think its crazy because every single person geeks out over SOMETHING. Whether its the new ca… 
We will continue with honesty. I have my doubts with this movie, due to the reshoots, th… 
#monitoring centers - show us your latest technology innovations! Enter and 2-019 M… 
Come to disneyland paris king x 
,  it's mohawk-ish. But you don't style it like a mohawk. Lol 
i love u 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via MUST. SEE. THIS!! 
Is that Marvel's Black Cat (Duck?) behind them? 
Forget about those constant parade of lame Marvel superheroes....because now we have SUPER… 
Sitting here staring at tomorrow’s door for my marvel tsum tsum advent calendar like huh is this what it felt like… 
impecavel !!Tirei combo Tony Stark + Tyrion Lannister! 
Avenger Endgame Captain Marvel Iron Man and Captain America shirt Men tshirt 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Transformers Crossovers Wolverine Rare Black Version -Vehicle to Hero NEW… 
"Ad:" Toy Biz Marvel Legends 2006 The Abomination Loose Hulk  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" CAPTAIN AMERICA &amp; HYPERION MINIMATES MARVEL AVENGERS SQUADRON SUPREME WALGREENS  Fl… 
"Ad:" Marvel Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2(3D+Bluray Disc,2017)REGION FREE-NEW-FreeS  Fly… 
Sweet!   #XMen #DarkPhoenix #Marvel #pumped 
Marvel movies are overrated af 
I dont know how you can support a person like this. I have yet to see Captain Marvel and it will probably be the on… 
The end has come for the X-Men. #DarkPhoenix #20thCenturyFox #XMenDarkPhoenix #MARVEL 
Marvel Set to Launch Live-Streaming Twitter Fan Show, Hosted by ‘Agent M’ and Angélique Roché via 
OhooEver Heard Of Marvel? 
Ooooooweeeeeeee you want maybe I just won't buy it at all if you're going to pull an 
Gonna order those tickets for Endgame. #Marvel #Endgame 
 A mohawk too? 
Sucks to marvel at a team that is kicking your team's ass. Hate to say it, bu… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via in nine days 
Big Endgame reveal is that Pepper is the person that was edited out of the scene that everyone thought was the Hulk or Captain Marvel!!!  
MARVEL JUST WENT OUT OF BUSINESS 
Have not watchedLast marvel I saw was infinity war with irl frands... Deep cover ... 
I find Emma's interest in all things Marvel Studios interesting. 
Marvel Set to Launch Live-Streaming Twitter Fan Show, Hosted by ‘Agent M’ and Angélique Roché 
Marvel Set to Launch Live-Streaming Twitter Fan Show, Hosted by ‘Agent M’ and Angélique Roché… 
We take our Marvel Universe seriously around these here parts! 
What makes NonStop a modern marvel The community knows why - support for todays frameworks,… 
You can skip that one and you won't miss much... favorite Marvel movie? Of all time???? Thor Ragnarok! It was brilliant! 
Will #Fortnite Team-Up w/ Marvel Again for a Limited Time Event? Photo via + Theory by —… 
Well, Marvel chat happens year round, too  
Lmao that’s funny coming from an account dedicated to Marvel 
Kevin Feige Talks About Having Access To The X-Men And Fantastic Four #FantasticFour #Marvel… 
Was there last week on the “High” tour. Fascinating....which put into context the practical need for th… 
Erin and Matt talked about this during Celebrity Scoop earlier today. #AvengersEndgame #AvengersEndgameSpoiler… 
AMAZING!! Ladies &amp; gentlemen we just witnessed history &amp; a modern day marvel...the very first ASSA… 
Oh my gosh that would be great!!I actually pondered something similar to this: playing in that bonke… 
Marvel urges fans not to spoil it after Avengers:Endgame pirated clips leak 
Beautiful Veronica in Ms. Marvel gear! 
At least it's likely your Marvel boyfriend will be fine. 
"Ad:" Marvel Carnage Spiderman Funko Pop Hot Topic Exclusive - Stan Lee Signed COA  Flyin… 
Stan Lee has even said that he had to fig… 
While I am completely aware I am being emotionally manipulated by Marvel Studios marketing department, this gives m… 
So kuyacaca. You guys are burying me this month 
"ew what a bunch of nerds watching anime and shit""Omg avengers endgame I can't wait to see tony, capt i stan marvel"The same person btw 
captain marvel with parents 
Tessa Thompson Says Marvel Co-Star Brie Larson Is Helping Make ‘Real Systemic Change in Hollywood’ 
I got Tony Stark &amp; Tyrion Lannister! 
Cape Town’s inspiring medical marvel 
OMG AMAZING 
Whomp whomp. 
If forgave for his tweets  and hired him again, I'm pretty sure can hire again! Just want that! 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Rhodey Makes Fun Of Ant-Man Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel... via 
I got "Peter Parker + Ron Weasley"!Which Two "Avengers" And "Harry Potter" Characters Are You A Combo Of?… 
No matter how bad people say Batman Vs Superman was. I still can't get over the scene where he says t… 
Disney+ Guide: What to Expect From Marvel, Star Wars and More   #Hollywood &amp; Entertainmen… 
Kevin Feige Alludes That Future ‘Deadpool’ Movies Will Stay R-Rated At Marvel #Movies #TV 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Rhodey Makes Fun Of Ant-Man Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel... via  #QuartaDetremuraSDV 
People that dont stay for the after credit scenes for Marvel/DC films hurt my soul 
"Ad:" marvel gallery 12 inch Thor Pvc Statue  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Head for Hasbro Apocalypse BAF Gladiator  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Rising Secret Warriors Marvels Patriot Doll  FlyingTreasures 
#DarkPhoenix was one of my favorite #Xmen story lines.  PLEASE #Fox ...if you're going to get one movie rig… 
#DarkPhoenix was one of my favorite #Xmen story lines.  PLEASE #Fox ...if you're going to get one Marvel movie righ… 
No.....send a female reporter in a Ms. Marvel costume wearing a MAGA hat 
In this episode, I refer to the "Scarlet Witch and Hawkeye" film I've wanted to see since the characters' introduct… 
Marvel is just entertainment aimed at pop culture. Their plots have hints of humour, no dark themes,… 
YES!!!! #ActsOfVengeance is one of the most underrated crossovers ever done! SO glad they are payin… 
What Ever It Takes...Only 8 more days until we are in the end game!#2BitCommunity#MarvelStudios #MARVEL… 
True but for a man that's pushing 80 if not older to be in hands down best film marvel… 
We don't really know that though. Deadline has a report that they signed a one-year deal but that d… 
I'm not quite sure that's a problem though. It gives Disney content for Hulu, quick money hit at the box… 
‘Avengers’ Pornhub Searches Skyrocketed 356% After ‘Infinity War’ 
In my mind MMO’s, 3rd Person Action and Fighting Games are all three separate genres. I’m not sure how… 
Marvel Legends Series Infinity Gauntlet in stock at Walmart for $84.29 | Get The Tracker App 
ending this morning: Halo Marvel Spotlight   The Halo Effect  via 
Mouse Gamer Raiz! Hahaha.....#game #videogame #gamer #games #game4life #gamers #gameover #gameroom #gamememes… 
#REVIEW: Thor #12 4.5/5 #comics 
The directors of "Avengers: Endgame" have a simple request of fans after they see the saga-ending flick: Don't spoi… 
WOLVERINA 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 and Fire Emblem Three Houses releasing a week apart? Good bye money and free time in July. 
Never seen it . And I'ma let y'all have it. I'm sticking with marvel movies only. 
Had a dream I played miles morales in a live action Spiderman movie  he was puer… 
"Ad:" LEGO 76107 Marvel Super Heroes NO Minifigures NO Box NO Instructions  FlyingTreasur… 
Saw Hellboy last night. It wasn't brilliant but more fun to watch than Captain Marvel and Ian McShane says, "I love… 
I already told you they don't produce such movies again. DC is now slowly becoming like marv… 
Good explanation of why Captain Marvel is so hated: 
Well hello I'm John I collect wrestling figures as well as marvel etc I write fanfictions 
Dumbest logic I've heard in a while. DC has produced thought provoking movies which they don… 
Coworker: Saw you walking in with a gym bag this morning!Me: Yeah, I’m changing before I go to Marvel trivia toni… 
I don’t have school on Friday I CAN HAVE A MARVEL MOVIE MARATHON AND CATCH UP Y E E T 
Equivocation is surrender. 
Ordered my new Marvel cap. Hopefully it arrives before next Thursday 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Captain America Civil War Trailer 
I have a technologically advanced civilization and dragons. #got #gameofthrones #wakandaforever… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Professor X Cerebro Helmet  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" 2008 Marvel Iron Man Action figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Series 7 "APOPCALYPSE" Action Figure Toy Biz 2004,Clean  FlyingTreasures 
Btw 1b for a marvel movie is fucking terrible 1.5 billion is considered bad for a marvel movie 
Sure! But let’s not neglect variety. A WoW-type MMO Exp is certainly a great archetype, I still think t… 
But I've been watching all the Marvel movies lately, so I'm betting with a raccoon at my side I'll be a normal huma… 
Oops #Endgame as Infinity War left us with alot of questions even Captain Marvel couldn't answer. 
Exclusivo de Switch. #MarvelUltimateAlliance3 
Marvel fanboys after watching "The Dark Knight". 
His first comic book was for his senior thesis - Star Slammers, which Simonson later reworked as a Marvel Graphic N… 
These two are best friends, their names are bear (corgi) and marvel (big pupper). PS marvel when stand… 
Calm down bro. It's Marvel, they don't have any complicated plot lol which I'll have to recap 
Titties gotta be long as marvel credits..but sht I’m w/it if she w/it  
cant believe locals actually skip on captain marvel before watching endgame, i mean how they could understand endgame story :/ 
Am I the only one who is noticing how Marvel is surreptitiously making their superheroes in their tv shows fight ag… 
Also, I don’t want you to think I don’t have discerning tastes. Here’s some other comic games I have on… 
marvel marathon starts now!! 
Mini me and I are going to see it next Friday with the other Marvel Maidens s… 
And I thought they were supposed to have it all #Marvel #Disney  
Good Morning sweets! Happy Hump Day! Today is going to be a shopping day for me and my sister. We we… 
Dear and I respectfully challenge your ruling on the most recent as the bes… 
I'm reporting you for sharing it. Poes 
'Avengers: Endgame' Fan Theory Suggests Name Will Change When Movie Premieres 
Yes, Captain America &gt;&gt; Ironman.But in terms of popularity &amp; brand in Marvel characte… 
Something for the Marvel &amp; Comic fans! Purchase FIVE 1GB DAILY BUNDLES R19 each and you could stand a chance to j… 
On pace to finish my #Marvel binge by next Tuesday.#WhateverItTakes #AvengersEndgame 
Come to think of it, I did a “sexy men of marvel” cover that never made it to print. 
I’ll be honest, I’m confused by your disparaging comments for comic licensed games at large. When my ga… 
13TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
It's so awesome that their so dedicated to this and their fans.Love that 
: is a warrior on- and offscreen…. Brie is primed to be one of Marvel’s next big lea… 
For the brand new contract with and I feel like justice could be done with the Spider-Man fra… 
Check out MARVEL AVENGERS 40 PCS  - TOY SOLDIERS SET  #MARVEL via 
Catching up on my Superman over my morning coffee and to my surprise, pulled off the impossible. The… 
Anybody ever get in their truck and marvel at the sheer diversity of random crap found inside? Used hyd fittings, s… 
Avengers: Endgame Gets 40 Twitter Emojis For MCU Heroes &amp; Villains Marvel Studios have u… 
25 Hidden Details About Cloak And Dagger Only True Marvel Fans Noticed 
Today is the FOURTEENTH DAY of our MCU Marathon up to #AvengersEndgame!We have EIGHT Days left until you can LEGA… 
Heads up, I know of a couple outlets that are SUPPOSED TO BE dropping some Marvel Studios news over the course of t… 
S-Corps are still a thing? Or was it a legacy holding from your time as a ind… 
Weird Science Marvel Comics Podcast You wanted it and here we go...way better sound and the soundboard to boot!  J… 
"Ad:" Jada Nano Metalfigs Avengers 10-Pack with Exclusives Marvel Comics Thanos New  Flyi… 
Just a guy who loves to wear pants, pouches, and two strips of Amazon package filling for suspenders 
 It only hurts when it’s against your team. Otherwise, we just watch and marvel at his inc… 
What is a “token” black man?Marvel’s Iceman had one gay man.  Was he a “token?”When I have someone… 
So so soon. I can’t wait to be emotional over all things Disney and marvel together. 
Lmao Matlab Ironman successful nahi hoti toh Marvel movies banana chhod deta?  Ye kya logic hua?… 
What’s going on with that Square Enix Avengers game anyway? 
Unpopular opinion: All of the Marvel movies are way overrated and End game is going to be a 3 hour sjw-fest. P. S. I know how it ends. 
Twitter 
25 Hidden Details About Cloak And Dagger Only True Marvel Fans Noticed Cloak And Dagger i… 
Failed artist? Judging by sales, that would more fittingly be the insul… 
Yeah, but that those were movie tie-ins that pre-Disney Marvel commissioned Sega to make. There didn’t… 
And the universe grows #moviemarathon #marvel #captainamericacivilwar #civilwar  #avengers #avengersendgame #2weeks… 
Let the show begin. Today, the Range Rover Velar SVAutobiography Dynamic Edition makes its North American debut at… 
It’s a wonder there was never a game launched alongside Infinity War. 
SOB watch in theaters , not a true marvel fan 
One correction. There have been 21 MCU films leading up to #AvengersEndgame versus the 23 noted in the art… 
"Ad:" STAN LEE "AUTOGRAPHED HAND SIGNED" NAMOR #1 COMIC BOOK - MARVEL  FlyingTreasures 
why was #ChuckNorris in the script but left on cutting room floor?  #InfinityWar #InfinityStones… 
I don't understand who the f thinks they're kidding with this garbage. This is the equivalent of giving Unc… 
Por favor galera, be nice, okay!! 
How does the Incredible Hulk relax back into human form? With yoga, of course!  by… 
Its been an amazing journey covering a decade and even with as many swings as they took you left the theater each t… 
Is this legit? 
UK Daily Deals: Marvel's Spider-Man for £29.99, Myprotein 2.5kg Impact Whey for £22 
We probably have Nintendo to thank for helping this game see the light of day. 
Thor Ragnarok Sublimated Socks #thor #godofthunder #avengers #marvel #marvelcomics #mcu #giftidea #giftsforthegeeks… 
"Ad:" Nano Metalfigs Marvel Spiderman Venom 100% Diecast Metal 5 Figure Set Jada NEW  Fly… 
Rotten tomatoes disabled it’s review platform because so many butt hurt people reviewed captain marvel badly before… 
Animation DC &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Animation MarvelMarvel Movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; DC MoviesDON'T ME ABOUT THIS, THE NUMBERS DON'T… 
you're right(I'm glad Marvel is having the success they are)the minions need a middle of th… 
Captain Marvel - Review! via 
You guys owned by marvel comics?  Your reporting can’t be taken seriously 
Schoolboy Q dropping an album on my birthday. Avengers End Game on my birthday. Thank you Marvel. Thank you Top Dawg. 
M’Baku, Thor, Captain Marvel. 
This makes a lot of sense versus the AT&amp;T umbrella having separate services. So like Disney+ will have M… 
Day 11 &amp; 12 of the MCU marathon: Age of Ultron and AntMan. Ultron exists because of the mind stone. Wonder if he’ll… 
UK Daily Deals: Marvel's Spider-Man for £29.99, Myprotein 2.5kg Impact Whey for £22, Hive Active Heating under £150 
Storm: The Most Misused Character Of All Marvel Movie Adaptations via 
IF MARVEL CHARACTERS WERE REAL #video #marvel #characters #were #real #world #hotvideo #videos 
"Ad:" Ultimate Venom Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasur… 
"Ad:" Ultimate Iron Man Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTrea… 
"Ad:" The Winter Soldier Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTre… 
"Ad:" Darkhawk Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasures 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” - 
Wow. Marvel was not consumed by fire. Wow 
minmin luvs marvel movies so much huhuhu i hope he gets to watch endgame ! my cutiecake 
Omfg... — watching Marvel's The Punisher 
guys we have a script here with us nd we want to share it with you... 
me a year ago: give me the trailermarvel: nopeme: Givee meeeeeemarvel: noooooome: GIVE MEEEEEmarvel: here it i… 
My year as a guest columnist is almost up. We’re in the endgame now. #marvel #mcu #endgame… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via #marvel 
11 Marvel characters that deserve their own streaming shows: 
Redone cosplay selfie of Carol Danvers a.k.a Captain Marvel posted by #Art #artwork #Avengers… 
Notre Dame was a marvel around the world and to people of faith. Bc Tru… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Universe 3.75 Action Figure Lot Warpath Jean Grey Electro Ironfist Rare… 
"Ad:" SIDESHOW SKAAR Son of HULK PREMIUM FORMAT STATUE MARVEL Avengers  FlyingTreasures 
the hype for #Endgame is ON and to celebrate I embarked on a special journey of self 
The biggest criticism for me was that I didn't really feel like Billy Batson and Shazam (Captain Marvel?) were the… 
"But you need to remember, even when something ends, it is Marvel, after all,” he shrugs. “An ending is an ending u… 
Same reasons I loved Captain Marvel too i literally can’t stand when someone says “you don’t look lik… 
Wearing my Harley shirt today. But most of the shirts I packed are marvel related. I wanted to dress comfy on this… 
"Ad:" Spider Gwen Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Rocket Raccoon Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasur… 
"Ad:" War Machine Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasures 
I'm going to Springbrook this weekend and are going to marvel at the wonders of bioluminescence!  
Learn How to Draw Ms. Marvel! | Marvel Quickdraw 
Captain America: Whatever it takes Black Widow: Whatever it takes Iron Man: Whatever it's ta… 
Marvel Catvengers avengers end game tshirt 
IM SORRY IVE NEVER WAYCH FRICKEN MARVEL ITS NOT MY FAULT 
This picture rocks!!! 
marvel is the best when it comes to the movies .in terms of comics , DC takes that cup . 
Aaaaaa so close yet so farr, i'm also in china but in hongkong T^T 
I'm ready and waiting for you. Come join me, Rus Beverly, at #Flirt4Free now before I log off! 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Marvel Legends Adam Warlock 6” Loose Figure With Staff Great Shape RARE  F… 
"Ad:" Playskool Heroes Captain America Mech Armor Marvel Superheroes Figure Brand New  Fl… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Lizard Baf Right Leg From Prowler Spiderman  FlyingTreasures 
Hon. Minister of Higher Education &amp; Training, Dr. Naledi Pandor has graduated with a PhD in Education at UP (Tuks).… 
#CaptainMarvel is easily one of my favo… 
You know you’re on holidays when you’re baking. Made a Ginger, Pear  &amp; Polenta Cake and now… 
See all 22 Marvel movies come together in this trailer for Avengers: Endgame 
Heroes vs. Villains: Epic Battles Will Begin in ACTS OF EVIL! #comics 
Disney is tapping into Star Wars, Marvel, and more to upgrade its theme parks 
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes Spider-Man: Far From Home sets revealed [News] 
Netflix HOMECOMING on THE LIVE ALBUM Endgame Game of Thrones… 
 dailymarvelheroes: Carol Danvers in Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “No Mistakes, Kids” TV Spot 
I would literally do anything be told me to tbh 
 superheroesincolor: Daughters of the Dragon #1 (2018)  //  Marvel Comics Story: Jed Mackay, art:... 
To all my Marvel lovers 26 April issa date #AvengersEndgame 
"Ad:" Nova Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" She Hulk Marvel Upper Deck trading card signed by Stan Lee COA  FlyingTreasures 
Super Heroes Assemble When MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: The Black Order Launches on July 19 has been posted to the w… 
AVENGERS 4: ENDGAME &amp;#39;To The End&amp;#39; #Trailer (2019) Marvel, Superhero #Movie HD 
WIPGetting some inking down to see where I'm going to take this. Hope you enjoy it! #wip #blackcat #marvel… 
i dont like star wars, marvel, pixar or disney look at me im so alternative 
New post (Super Heroes Assemble When MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: The Black Order Launches on July 19) has been publ… 
This will be the 1st Marvel movie I will wait for the library release. Never liked Jake Gyllenhaal,… 
#Marvel fans urged to not 'spoil' #AvengersEndgame by sharing scenes online via 
Spider-Man: Homecoming Teases A Way To Turn Humans Into Asgardians Spider-Man: Homecomin… 
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on #poshmark #fashion #style #shopmycloset… 
Captain  Marvel’s  clap-back  is  mightier  than  Thor’s  
Jesus we need this! 
I had to double check and see if it was an old tweet, but nope. Yeah. That is from Ms Marvel # 1... from five years ago.  
This year I’ve been collecting shows/movies and rewatching them accordingly. Started with all the Marvel Movies in… 
you said " overlapping rappers in a flash, no marvel comics" he's not Marvel comics, he's DC comics… 
Please guys give others the opportunity to enjoy the movie as you enjoyed it without spoilers #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
25 years of research excellence. In this first issue  we take a look back to where we first started and marvel at… 
look at me reviving my marvel fan account and working hard to regain mutuals . wIG ! 
Marvel Legends Series Infinity Gauntlet is in stock for $84.50 at Amazon | Get The Tracker App 
It all comes down to this #AvengersEndgame #Marvel #MCU 
Love it 
"Ad:" Lego Marvel Ironman 76007  FlyingTreasures 
Beyonce's cheeks in HD are a marvel shuuuuu 
Assessment – Marvel: Universe of Tremendous Heroes 
I haven't seen captain marvel but I believe she would be pretty awesome.  
AVENGERS: ENDGAME #Trailer &amp;quot;Before We&amp;#39;re done, One Promise to Keep&amp;quot; (2019) | Marvel #Movie 
MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: The Black Order comes exclusively to Nintendo Switch on 19/07! via /r/Games… 
"Ad:" Spiderman &amp; The Marvel Universe Poseable Die-cast BEAST Action Figure  FlyingTreasu… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends CALIBAN LEFT LEG Build-a-Figure Piece X-Men Legends (from Blink)  Fl… 
"Ad:" Marvel Guardians of The Galaxy Vol. 2 Mantis BAF Wave Star Lord Complete  FlyingTre… 
is captain marvel out in HD yet? 
Prior to the premiere of 'Avengers: Endgame', Marvel publishes video summary 
Avengers: Endgame directors, the Russo brothers, plead with Marvel fans #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
Always thought id see some The Runaways art from you. I dunno if you aspire to work on comics but i ca… 
MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: The Black Order Is Coming Out July 19th for Nintendo Switch: 
Marvel Phase 4 will be Hawkeye movies only. The first one is an origin story about his sleeve tattoo. 
In Pictures: Here’s How The Team Of #AvengersEndgame Are Promoting Their MovieRobertDowneyJr chrishemsworth MarkR… 
Kid Marvel Guardians of The Galaxy Quad (Ships Free)Just $79! $149.00) 
YMMV Marvel lego clearance $30Thumb Score: +30Was just walking through my local walmart and saw 2 legos sets fr… 
ehh. you lit boy. but Flash is DC not marvel m'rapper 
Unicorn Avencorns Avengers Marvel Endgame tshirt 
have you thought of adding iceman and firestar into the game, and doing a team with spidey based o… 
Goodbye Netflix  
'Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order' Release Date Announced Author: Drew MeadowsClick to here to read --… 
 Your hair was long. Lol. I've only ever known you to have short hair. 
Stan lee and marvel superheroes your mother the woman the myth the legend tshirt 
‘Almost miraculous’: Tiger’s return from back surgery is a medical marvel - The Washington Post 
Captain America #06 PoP Vinyl Bobble-Head Giveaway #giveaway #win #Marvel #MARVELFutureFight #Endgame 
Thats why when wrong doing is done people can say this wring this against the constitution o… 
Such a phenomenal endeavor! Courage, enthusiasm, savvy and stamina… I often marvel at the vast amount… 
Have you seen the new Twitter emojis yet? 
You didn't know captain marvel logo? We been knew 
 on Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” 
little take: I think there probably won't be a time that I am more sick of Marvel than I am sick of Star Wars 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe Uncanny X-men 3.75" Figure Set  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Winter Soldier 6" Figure Bucky Avengers Infinity War (LOOSE)  Flying… 
"Ad:" PROFESSOR X 2019 Exclusive - Marvel Legends X-Men No Hover Chair  FlyingTreasures 
I STILL HAVENT EVEN SEEN captain marvel sobs ive been so busy in the last month T_T im just waiting for i… 
A gay marvel fan clearly designed this. 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” 
can you share me other link? 
I think my favorite out-of-context Marvel panels are either Thor saying "I have dined in the halls of Valhalla. Thi… 
The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi got me excited again for Star Wars like the Phase 1 of the MCU go… 
Would y'all rather wear a t-shirt with out of context 60's Marvel/DC comic panels, or out of context manga panels?… 
An ancient marvel of construction&amp; design,full of invaluable art work  of 800 years! Full of the spiritual… 
Where did you get this spoiler ?!  
Marvel Avengers Endgame the peanuts snoopy Avengers tshirt 
Repost Jangchung Arenatags: 
It Won't Happen This Moment Means To Much For So Many Including Myself I Have To Applaud The Intire… 
Kevin Feige Calls Disney+ Marvel Shows ‘A Totally New Form of Storytelling’, Shares ‘X-Men’ Excitement, and Promise… 
Finally saw Captain Marvel, and it was actually really good. I’m convinced a lot of people were hating in those rev… 
Part of this exercise, for completism's sake, mind you, will involve driving 150 miles south to Casper to see Capta… 
If you've not seen me mention this elsewhere, since March 22nd I've been on a serious Marvel movie binge, starting… 
Marvel Announces 'Wolverine vs. Blade' via 
Please add Wolverine’s classic brown and tan uniform that has returned in the  current Uncanny X-Men comic. 
As someone who gets emotional at Star Wars/Marvel films, I’m hurt. Let people be passionate about something. 
These Marvel Shows Are Coming After Avengers: Endgame 
These Marvel Shows Are Coming After Avengers: Endgame Here's some of the Marvel TV shows… 
I have a very few days to watch all the Marvel movies I missed  
I think the should just marvel at his skills because if they try to mark him,  they get embarrassed   rather stop… 
A BATHING APE MARVEL COMICS BAPESTA Captain America sneakers BLUE US 11 
Me: Lets go watch Captain America?Him: You mean Captain Marvel though? lolMe: Uhm yesHim: I'm down to catch Endg… 
The 800 year old cathedral was an architectural marvel with irreplaceable artifacts. 
Definitely hit the sale tonight. Can’t wait for my Cherry Blossom  set and my Neapolitan set. #firstsets #krakendice 
Marvel still absolutely bodies DC BUT they’re slowly getting better 
The promos just keep on coming! 
So Marvel Zombies for What If? 
Disney+ gets two new series based on Winter Soldier, Falcon, Scarlet Witch, and Vision: #Tech #Data Cc… 
"Ad:" Comics: Spider-gwen 2015 #1 Bradshaw Variant Homage Marvel Comic Book. NM 1 in 25!! RARE… 
It’s abit late for me my mate sent me a bunch of pictures from the movie. Made me want to see it more though 
Alita vs captain marvel woman vs womhan I’ll stand behind the battle angel cause an sjw led character is so boring and sleep inducing 
Shazam! &gt; Captain Marvel (as movies) 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Stan Lee Cameo &amp; The New Wasp 
Just finished captain marvel and he is close 
Disney + (The Netflix Killer)#Disney #Marvel #Pixar #StarWars #Showmax #Streaming #NatGeo  
"Ad:" Marvel Select VENOM Action Figure Head For Custom Fodder Legend  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel X-Men 6-inch Legends Series Multiple Man Figure  FlyingTreasures 
'Avengers 4': The Most Important MCU Films To Watch Before You See 'Endgame' via 
Our RA held a paint night tonight and I started a Women of Marvel painting! I only got #CaptainMarvel done for now… 
The Amazing Spider-manI love how it not only approaches the character with a darker and more relat… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Yellow Jacket's Defeat 
Ooh, dank meme bro. Guess what? I didn't need an origin story to t… 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Ant Man Vs Yellow Jacket 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Ant Man Vs Falcon 
What is your favorite movie that has come out recently? — Captain Marvel 
Captain Marvel is where it's AT !!!!!! 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: How The Wasp Died 
Would love to see a proper revamp of Tom Clancy's character Jack Ryan in the heart of the Cold War. 5 movies all le… 
I'm ready 
#PREVIEW: WAR OF REALMS PUNISHER #1 (OF 3) #comics   
Flash teleports from his universe to Marvel and one shots Thanos... sorry 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via wait to see how it all plays out! 
Respect. I react the same way to Marvel trailers lol. Creators like George Lucas, J.R.R. Tolkien, and George R.R. M… 
Disney/Marvel is really fucking up not having the background story for Captain Phasma's armor being that it's the m… 
She's got a point. People will hate on anything and love the weirdest shit, like the majority of Marvel… 
needs to add comics to #DisneyPlus 
Ah yes.  Pick your battles.  My hubby is the most patient man in the universe to listen to my constant… 
wanna hear again captain america saying "Avengers assemble" pls Marvel 
Marvel Legends Series Infinity Gauntlet in stock at Walmart for $87.15 | Get The Tracker App 
Any help would mean the world to me. Whatever it takes! 
The M… 
10 #Marvel  #Avengers #AvengersEndgame… 
MARVEL** 
"Ad:" Lego Marvel Avengers Compound Battle 76131 - IN STOCK NEW SEALED!  FlyingTreasures 
My favorite marvel characters are #hulk and #groot. That is all 
Marvel has made trailer before with scenes that are not in the movie. For example one point in the last mo… 
Or maybe because McAvoy is technically marvel with the X-men series. He’s Xavier 
Not writing about this on Stop Button because plotting reasons but... 
The too reverential Ms. Marvel fan movie #MsMarvel 
Its not a marvel show 
#ACP Unplanned, Captain Marvel, and the State of the American Church via A CROOKED PATH: I hear and read so many pe… 
You are breaking rule number one of the internet! Great now i have to stay off Twitter all of next weekend  
Can you please include the original #SpiderWoman Jessica Drew? Her powers are completely d… 
&amp; having few crossover in past. Even The Mouse &amp; Bunny was on same screen once,also DC vs Ma… 
come a cross a portal machine to every Lego multiverse,accident turning on portal machine released villains from ma… 
For while got this direct to video #LEGO it a meta #LEGOMarvel/#LEGODC crossover,not Lego Marvel/DC you're seen on… 
Movies I...Hate: Greatest ShowmanLove: Ferris BuellerOverrated: most marvel moviesUnderrated: About TimeSeen… 
I've just watched episode S01E08 of Marvel's Agent C...!  #tvtime 
  . My oldest..... He be praying for all his creche friends And the whole MARVEL family.  
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Deadpool X-Force - No BAF Piece  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe Thor Avengers Action Figure Super Hero 2011 Hasbro 4 1/2"  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends 6” Captain Marvel Carol Danvers Allfather Series Hasbro  FlyingTreas… 
Avengers Quantum Realm Leather Jackets On SALE with FREE Shipping #Spider-Ma… 
It’s everyone’s favorite Kronan, Korg! Trying to start another failed revolution at #phillycomiccon… 
I saw #Shazam tonight, with my grandfather who grew up with the original comics from the 1940s. It was good, it was… 
At Sloans Lake for a Captain Marvel double feature. Rewatching both SHAZAM and the eponymous CAPTAIN M… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via fr tho I have goosebump… 
Current rankings:1. Winter Soldier2. The Avengers3. First Avenger4. GOTG Vol 25. Captain Marvel6. Iron Man7.… 
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes Spider-Man: Far From Home Set Details 
You know you’re on holidays when...share your #onlyonholidays pictures #Avengers #CupCakes 
Marvel has great concepts and information as far as worldly characters go. 
captain marvel is THAT bitch 
I hear and read so many people awaiting the next Great Awakening, the next Great Revival. Well, it isn't going to h… 
Unplanned, Captain Marvel, and the State of the American Church 
With one week until the #Endgame, here is my controversial ranking of all twenty one #MCU films.1. Iron Man2. Th… 
“If we can’t protect the earth, then you can be damm sure we’ll avenge it” #WhateverItTakes #Endgame #Avengers… 
Marvel movies and GTAV RP are my only solace right now. Things will get better, hopefully 
He can't since he's under contract to marvel as professor x 
Marvel vs. Capcom in smash 
Been enjoying a really intense role playing session with a friend of mine. We're both Marvel fans so needless to say it's pretty awesome. XD 
Probably Captain Marvel because I am also out of touch with my emotions and have a bad sense of style 
Can't wait for #marvelwhatif coming to take place pages form marvel. Created animation DC:Els… 
Journey back through the #INFINITYALBUM as we approach #AvengersEndgame!  Listen to the assembling of the Marvel Ci… 
..i don't know whether to laugh or marvel at the level of pettiness...lol#Girls run the world! 
"Ad:" Marvel Avenging Spiderman #1 Signed by Stan Lee &amp; Sketched by Alex Kotkin CGC SS  F… 
All the marvel actors are like "peace out" rn meanwhile chris hemsworth is basically begging marvel not to fire him 
3 of 5 stars to The Life of Captain Marvel by Margaret Stohl 
Dos #meusfeeds: browsethestacks:Marvel Age #08 (Nov1983)The Marvel... 
This technical shit is too much... Just call him chocolate thunder and w… 
I got Bucky Barnes + Severus Snape! 
I've just watched episode S02E01 of Marvel's Cloak &amp;...! #marvelscloakdagger  #tvtime 
I've had such a good day with mom! It's amazing having her back in TN. We shopped, ate a ton of food, and saw Captain Marvel.  
Marvel Movie #12... Avengers: Age of Ultron. James Spader was MAGNIFICENT in this movie. #dontgetrevengeonmenerd… 
Por favor, sem spoiler!! 
Still haven’t seen Captain Marvel 
RAD seems to be coming along nicely #PostApocalyptic 
To the woman who brought her toddler into Captain Marvel tonight and then doubled down on her decision by staying s… 
marvel 
Marvel Parody t-shirt 
Homecoming, Civil War, Captain Marvel, Ant-Man/AMATW 
George Tan is stirring up trouble again!  
Captain marvel was Trash  
Who the fuck is Captain Marvel? 
Stan Lee Marvel Movie Cameos In 90 Seconds 2019 
I just watched captain YOU did an incredible job. IM SO EXCITED FOR NEXT WEEK!!! #AvengersEndgame 
in Omaha on April 25th premiering on the same day.. can’t decide #wrestling VS #Marvel 
I will freakin hurt someone.... 
"Ad:" Marvel Iron Man Armored Avenger War Mechs Super Hero Squad Die-cast Figures  Flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends THANOS Walmart Exclusive NEW Avengers Infinity War 6" Figure  Flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Captain America Civil War Iron Man mark 46 Diamond Select Avengers  F… 
I don’t disagree with this. For me, up until recently though, most of their movies are fun but I fo… 
Storm sketch #storm #xmen #OroroMunroe #superhero #marvel #marvelcomics #comics #comicbooks #comicart #drawing #art… 
Marvel went through all that secrecy and security for #AvengersEndgame just to have some assholes get ahold of key… 
Marvel gotta gon head and add homie to the Avengers roster at this point 
#freeshipping Marvel Avengers Captain America Shield Superhero Case 
I am rewatching all the marvel movies before endgame and I already know it’s gonna be more heartbreaking watching it now  
1. Blaze Of Glory: The Last Ride Of The Marvel Western Heroes (the title would have to be shortened to just Blaze O… 
Can hurry up and reach 12 million captain marvel is about to start so if you reach it when I’m watchin… 
Slight Cap Marvel spoiler?....Why is no one talking about how Ronans ship in Guardians are remarkably similar… 
I like to think marvel movies take place in the Pulp Fiction universe 
PLEASEEEE 
Well After Avengers endgame, I will no longer be watching superhero movies. It has been a great decade of… 
Marvel anuncia “Wolverine VS Blade”! 
How fuckin dope is it that a woman is going to lead the Marvel Universe from now on 
Yeah, everyone is talking about how they should ditch Marvel and make Capcom Vs Capcom or Capcom All St… 
Got tickets to see #AvengersEndgame with the family opening day, early in the morning before the internet gets to r… 
entendi sou ruivaI got Natasha Romanoff + Ginny Weasley! 
Cast of 'Avengers: Endgame' open up about past decade in Marvel universe via 
It would be so great that the Crown Prince of Crime made a cameo in a Disney film. Take that Marvel/Disney 
Awesome catch 
I criticized her stance because I like #Starwars #Marvel and #Cargoshorts I even defend her #1A righ… 
super productive day... lunch w| meetings w| sponsors, massage apt and ended my day finally watching captain marvel 
This is itThis is the endGot me ugly crying 
queI got Tony Stark + Draco Malfoy! 
Looks like we found new role !!!  
I’m avoiding anything and everything Marvel for the next two weeks. No Reddit, no Instagram...avoiding all Avengers… 
marvel needs to stop teasing me already 
Me when I found out there was 5 mins of leaked footage. Some things are best waiting patiently for! #savetheendgame… 
A Toys R Us shopping spree and $2500? Comic prizes used to be so awesome in the early 80s. Found at the 
PLEASE 
Dear Google, please stop telling me about endgame. I want to hear about marvel stuff but who knows when I'll get to… 
THANOS STILL DEMANDS YOUR SILENCE, OK? 
Logan, Ororo, Kurt, Wade... make mine Marvel! 
I got Tony Stark + Draco Malfoy! Which Two "Avengers" And "Harry Potter" Characters Are You A Combo Of? I got Tony… 
Sinister Karma Just Posted A New Global [Missing] Collectors Vault - Marve… 
But it’s also basically the dawn of SW comics after the first Marvel run. 
Date night with my girl — watching Captain Marvel at Malco Collierville Cinema Grill 
This had been said about every other marvel movie in the franchise... Get over it! There's always going to be spoil… 
MARVEL FUTURE FIGHT: JOIN THE need friends 
Fonzo do you even watch marvel movies 
I’m a little ahead on my marvel marathon, I’m on Black Panther. Should Infinity War… 
I’m literally more excited for this than I am to graduate college in 3 weeks #AvengersEndgame 
Bout to go see Captain Marvel 
one day at a time, marvel e friends 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame ... "don't tell me what I can and cannot do" - Peggy Hill- characters die- and ends with S… 
I've just watched episode S01E07 of Marvel's Agent C...!  #tvtime 
This shit is just for whales... I can't and I don't play it at all 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Masterworks : Doctor Strange Vol 1 Rare Oop Strange Tales 110 Beatles Nr… 
Trust me, your local aviation nut, you are in great hands with your pilot! Load up a playlist of your… 
Captain Marvel. Second viewing was even better. Marcus Theatres in Chesterfield, MO) 
In other news, Spider-Gwen and Miles are in Marvel Ultimate Aliance 3 
MARVEL 
Eternity concept art by Frank Miller for the Marvel Universe, 1983 #eternity #god #deity #gods… 
Tomb RaiderTony Hawks Pro SkaterNeed For SpeedFifa 2001Marvel vs Capcom 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame  to all Marvel fans, Cinema lovers Don't spread illegal Spoiler video 
I can’t wait to tell my kids how cool all the Marvel movies were to watch in theatres, and the hype that was behind each movie 
"Ad:" Metal Die Cast Deadpool Taco Truck 1:32 Scale Black Version Marvel Comics  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Marvel Hulk Interactive Gladiator - Thor Ragnarok NIB 13" Figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" HASBRO MARVEL LEGENDS AVENGERS THOR RAGNAROK HULK INTERACTIVE NEW IN BOX  FlyingTre… 
P-L-E-A-S-E 
Sneak peek here: #UniqloUT #Marvel #WearYourWorld 
this Ms. Marvel video is so good 
Shazam was just as good as the trailers led me to believe. Copying the Marvel formula a but but that’s okay with me. 
Taking a break from the Marvel Marathon for some Anne of Green Gables. My first crush on a fictional character was… 
Saw a fan theory that details Thanos draining her powers down somewhat early on, &amp; her b… 
Frank going Full Metal on the pages of Punisher Kill Krew #1 , inks and watercolors #punisher #Marvel 
Great comparison, many parallels between the 2. Generic Mary Sue characters who are just… 
Omg congratulations!! This is awesome! 
SIS YOU GOTTA START MARVEL .. Harry Potter ehh never seen it either 
Ooohhh time limits. I always just mute things forever till I forget they were ever there. Like Marvel, gone. 
I assert that and his drunk history derivative story riff… 
*discussing how there's over 50 hours worth of Avengers : that's so many Marvel movies,,, why… 
Only if it comes with Marvel, Star Wars, and National Geographic! 2019! 
Am I the only one that teared up/ almost cried? Do you realize this is literally the end of the Marvel we’ve loved,… 
I've never experienced hype like this. 
Same happened with Captain Marvel, thats how Di$$$$ney makes people talk about the movies now. 
#DontSpoilTheEndgameHow many of y’all refused to see the Antman and Captain Marvel movies out of spite? How many… 
That's my Nephew and my Mommy! 40 years ago Granny Marvel would slide me $5 and I would go get us then s… 
Thor Ragnarok - 18/20 ~&gt; ~&gt; #Thor #Marvel #MarvelComics #MarvelStudios #MCU #Movie 
My brother already know what’s happening in the WHOLE movie and he isn’t even exited to go watch it. 
Marvel Movie Marathon. Movie #11. Avengers: Age of Ultron! 
"Ad:" Marvel Japan Black Panther Movie Mini Poster Signed by Stan Lee With COA Rare 1  Fl… 
WHATS GOING ON I JUST GOT OUT OF WATCHING CAPTAIN MARVEL WHAT YEAR IS IT IN ARMY WORLD WHAT DID I MISS 
We need content to make up for you losing the marvel content and instead we get SJW drivel an… 
I'm with you 
Hey Brie I just wanted to say you're beautiful and you did a great job in Captain Marvel. I'm so hyped for #AvengersEndgame  
"Ad:" LEGO Marvel SUPER HEROS 6868 Hulk's Helicarrier Breakout, NEW Sealed  FlyingTreasur… 
The “not looking Jewish” thing always stuck with me. Ben Grimm is Jewish but doesn’t “look it” eith… 
Fuck yes. Captain marvel  
Such a good day! #food #foodporn innout #funkopop #marvel #captainamerica #ironman #hawkeye #spiderman… 
Black Panther Captain MarvelThe AvengersAvengers: IWIron ManGOTGThor: RagnarokCaptain America: TFAThorSpid… 
fight me 
Marvel movie marathon movie fourteen: Black Panther 
I'm with you. Definitely jaded when it comes to these flicks. But I'm ready to enjoy the rid… 
Before turning to a life of crime, Mysterio was: #Marvel #Marvelcomics #SHTQ19 #Poll 
Two of my peeps are in America right now - so of COURSE I want to show case their amazing Cap' and Bucky cosplay fr… 
Marvel not that I am. 
He never gets better. That's a bottom tier marvel to me 
I started Marvel Disk Wars: The Avengers, which is a shonen anime that's like...Marvel meets Digimon meets Sailor M… 
New Spider-Man: Far From Home LEGO Sets Revealed 
Well it only took 21 days but I did it, finished with Captain Marvel tonight and I am now ready for  #AvengersEngame 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Japan Black Panther Movie Mini Poster Signed by Stan Lee With COA Rare 1… 
Oh here is my very firs Superhero Trivia Question. #SHTQ19 #Marvel #MarvelMadness #MarvelcomicsThor has two war… 
There are 6 Marvel movies in the works for after 'Avengers: Endgame' — here are all the details 
"Ad:" Scarlet Witch Action Figure Avengers Marvel Titan Hero Series New 12 inches  Flying… 
"Ad:" GAMBIT MARVEL SELECT ACTION FIGURE - 2011  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Select BLACK WIDOW - BOTH VERSIONS Mint and Complete Disney Exc  FlyingTreas… 
Marvel Legends Series Infinity Gauntlet in stock at Walmart for $87.8 | Get The Tracker App 
looking forward to seeing you write Ms.Marvel and the Super-Skrull, love both characters! 
New Spider-Man: Far From Home LEGO Sets Revealed 
So genuine of a reaction. I know I have that with Marvel movies lol.  Some people just h… 
Hey I got your message and totes agree with you!! #chipotle #handsoffmyburritobowl 
Comic Preview : Event LeviathanAlex Maleev groundbreaking and the  always-inventive team of writer Brian Michael… 
Toby has your back Captain! #Endgame #CaptainAmerica #Marvel 
#avengers #endgame #countdown 10 days to go. marvelstudios avengers 
I think Marvel was trying REALLY hard to ride that whole "Mickey Rourke is back!" wave that t… 
on the relationship between #SpiderWoman and #captainmarvel "Between the casual cup of coffee and super… 
Hey fans it’s #tshirttuesday so #checkout #design you can purchase it at our #teepublic #store… 
#Comic Order Preview for 4/17/19 #WednesdayComicBookDay #WCBD #NewComicBookDay #NCBD #Marvel #DC 
Keep going! Make marvel take notice! #Loki 
I just wanted to say to all of you Marvel Spoilers out there.Stop!!! The thought of #EndGame being the conclusion o… 
so who's the lucky dog who won the marvel marathon spot? 
Check out Captain America Action Figure 10 in Tall Articulated Marvel Avengers 2012 #Marvel 
#Review: Dead Man Logan #6 (of 12) 3/5 #comics… 
Listening to your discussion on intolerable anxiety.  Love the Toney Stark reference. #Marvel 
Marvel's Spider-ManCat Prints (Silver)Track down Black Cat #PS4share 
Nice to come home to this!!!! Thanks to my bae as always secretyole7 #att #hbo #got #gameofthrones #gotpops #funko… 
Marvel released this teaser image for Spider-Gwen: Ghost Spider #10 that is a nice throwback to Amazing Spider-Man… 
#innersAlways marvel at how lovely Boxer looks.  I should look so good at 78! 
I’ll buy you a Spider-Man ballon 
Cramming every marvel movie in time for endgame makes the release so much better 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame  I can not wait for this. 
 you tryin go to philly ? Lmao 
This new trailer gave me chills. All comes down to this. Avengers: Endgame - Marvel Cinematic Universe Trailer… 
Okay so I’ve heard there are spoilers floating around the internet for Avengers Endgame. I love the internet... but… 
What do you think? 
is on ig lifting weights like the Marvel superhero she is and I'm currently stranded on my floor bc… 
Soon ... will we design Funny T-Shirt Avengers will follow me to get one 
guardians of the galaxy and captain marvel have 10/10 soundtracks just sayin’ 
 we all wish you the best and your in our prayers  
Just finished GOTG Vol 2Current rankings:1. Winter Soldier2. The Avengers3. First Avenger4. GOTG Vol 25. Cap… 
Sorry kkkkkkkk aaaaa 
Marvel's Disney+ spin-offs will intersect with the MCU "in a very big way" 
If it's bhalf as smart as your writing on Luke Cage -- the smartest of the Netflix Marvel franchises -… 
Marvel Legends Exclusive Iron Man 3 Pepper Potts Mandarin &amp; Iron Man Hot Rod Action Figure 3 Pack PRE-ORDER… 
SPOILER ALERT!!!#AvengersEngame is NOT the end to the #MCU because #SpiderMan… 
#AvengersEndgame cant wait hope Adam warlock or silver surfer pops up!! 
Captain America - Civil War!! #marvel #beforeendgame #avengers #marvelcinematicuniverse #mcu #captianamerica… 
brie posting carolthor and carolval AND carolmaria....bisexual captain marvel confirmed 
As the Russos said...don't spoil it! #marvel #mcu #AvengersEndgame #avengers 
What does complimenting the building as a marvel of Western civilization have to do with conspiracy theories? 
Endgame’ Directors Insist They Didn’t Lie About The Title - Marvel StudiosNot long after Avengers: Infinity War s… 
17yr Nflx customer here: The Highwaymen (it’s plural) was fine as a movie (would watch something li… 
The Xbox One S All-Digital Edition is officially revealed and launches on May 7th for $250, includes three titles.… 
didn't we have one right before or right after cap marvel? 
Marvel Studios’ AVENGERS: ENDGAME is in theaters on April 26. The grave course of events set in motion by Thanos th… 
The Capcom Home Arcade is a plug-and-play device with an HDMI output packed with 16 arcade titles including Ghouls'… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 has an official release date of July 19th. 
Marvel's Spider-ManPigeon Hunter (Bronze)Catch all of Howard's Pigeons #PS4share 
Black Panther &amp; The Avengers are definitely holding it down for Marvel. 
Oh for sure. Like my favorite line of captain Marvel was her saying, "I don't owe you anything," which… 
Thanks for the LIKE ...this little one was excited when I told her Captain Marvel likes her video!!! Stay awesome. 
If you’re a Marvel fan and want spoilers to ‘End Game’ I might know a guy. 
Sony gives the first hardware details of their next-generation console. 
How to Watch All the Marvel Shows in the Right Order | TV Guide via 
Captain marvel badass 
Twitter literally just gave me a possible endgame spoiler 
Marvel's Next Generation on Redefining What It Means to be a Female Superhero on TV | TV Guide 
"Ad:" Disney Marvel Ant-Man and The Wasp Figurine Set **BRAND NEW**  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends - Avengers: Endgame Series - Ronin - Loose &amp; No BAF Thanos  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Marvel Select Planet Hulk | Disney Exclusive |Thor Ragnarok NEW Sealed Figure  Flyi… 
I have found a new superhero to love and obsess about! #unbeatablesquirrelgirl marvelstudios where’s her mo… 
You should check this crowdfunding project if you haven’t already!!! Its gonna be kicking 
Black Panther Leather Jacket Collection on SALE with FREE #LM #BlackPanther… 
So it's slightly unusual fanart, but I 3d modeled and painted these because Captain Mar… 
tw, maze runner, st e marvel mo 
And audience scores can be manipulated. Captain Marvel pr… 
#DisneyStore Exclusive #SpiderMan With Spider Mobile Playset Available Once 
A shitty Marvel comic 
This Endgame plot and end leak would definitely cost Marvel a good $300-$400 million 
So, #Thor may not be the absolute best #MCU film, but you have to admit there are some darn beautiful cinematograph… 
Haha, smart man! Ppl give me shit for my opinion of Cpt. Marvel. Keep in mind I was 1… 
Ask if marvel is better than dc cus flash rocks 
Marvel be like "pay us then." 
Ben Shapiro calmly WRECKS Marvel fanboys, SPOILS Endgame because FACTS&gt;FEELINGS! 
Um like it’s good but not THAT good to even compare to marvel 
Not a Marvel fan, but for the sake of the people who are, PLEASE #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
Russo brothers ask Marvel fans not to spoil ‘Avengers: Endgame’ #entertainment 
Same homie 
Is there a lower category for Cpt. Marvel. Worst casting/MCU entry in quite some time. 
I'm spoiling that day 1 y'all ruined it with the last one anyways sellouts! 
Captain Marvel was amazing. Such a badass character. Marvel + Iron Man = Avengers take it In 4 
Liked on Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” 
it's okay to criticize captain marvel but blatantly hating on it and brie for her so called "racist and sexist" comments is just dumb 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame because I am trying to find a decent bootleg stream of Captain Marvel before I find a decent bootleg stream of Endgame. 
I still haven't even had time to watch Black Panther, Justice League, Aquaman, or Captain Ma… 
Honestly, if a guy has never seen Star Wars or doesn't know the ins and outs of the Marvel universe t… 
Marquei como visto Marvel's The Punisher - 2x5 - One-Eyed Jacks #bancodeseries 
Our lovely co-host has started his #Machete order rewatch of the #MCU. Check out his thoughts on t… 
How Kevin Feige Super-Charged Marvel Studios Into Hollywood’s Biggest Hit Machine 
Tandy Explores Her Past In This Haunting Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger Exclusive Clip 
Beef, salt, and elbow grease: The simple smashed burger is an engineering marvel 
"Ad:" Comics: CARNAGE MIND BOMB #1 Venom Spider-Man Marvel Comic Low Print Rare High Grade 
April 26th:New TS7 Avengers Endgame Are y’all trying to make me combust?? 
Today's #Marvel GIF of the day. #AvengersEndgame 
Love stars wars and marvel. Happily married with 2 kids. I don't cry over it. But this bashing of pe… 
It’s more likely that Disney mobilized against you. I read an article that said they were ready for trolls with Cptn Marvel. 
Black Panther and Captain Marvel. In the former, the "villain" has relatable motivations and goals, t… 
"Ad:" Marvel, Fan Girl, Madam Alexander Collection, Inspired By Spider-Gwen, New!  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel, Fan Girl, Madam Alexander Collection, Inspired By Captain America, New!  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Hasbro Marvel Legends Walgreens Exclusive Fantastic Four The THING LOOSE  FlyingTre… 
Thank you for bringing Captain Marvel to life on the big screen!! This is her poster from opening night! 
I totally can't wait to pick this annual 
I also love the idea that any criticism of DC equals I must be a marvel zombie. Or… 
Every Marvel Movie Poster, Explained  | Vanity Fair via 
Nobody: Marvel fans: U BETTER NOT TALK DURIN END GAME!!1!11 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” 
I just took my 11 yr old boy and 3 of his friends to see Captain Marvel, and I'm sure we aren't goin… 
I like Star Wars and Marvel all for entertainment. I am also for Trump 2020. 
"The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them… 
i'm gonna find out what happens and ruin it for every single person i know 
10 Most Important Scenes For Iron Man’s MCU Journey 22 movies in, 11 years later, dozens… 
Thank you for clearing this up 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” |  "No Mistakes, Kids"-... via 
Super Heroes Assemble When MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: The Black Order Launches on July 19 
Disney is fina kill the game come November.......every season of The Simpson's.........Malcom In The Middle.....alo… 
I found him on Walmart’s site after digging very deeply. Def on their email list for him!  
That was a dope concept from Marvel. Heroes facing enemies of their peers. My personal favorite was X-Men facing The Mandarin. 
Marvel's Spiderman Bike Bicycle Cable Lock #lock #locks #luggagelock #school #backtoschool #giftsforthegeeks… 
Do the Marvel Studio will take Black Widow Solo Movie place story is... #BlackWidow #BlackWidowSoloMovie #marvel #mcu #MarvelStudios 
No Captain Marvel? 
I was thinking about this earlier...I suppose now that my GoT rewatch is complete, I need to run thro… 
I genuinely feel sorry for people who don’t like / watch Marvel movies. How empty your existence must be  
"Ad:" STAN LEE Signed 1992 AMAZING FANTASY #15 CGC 9.8 SS NM/MT Marvel Comics MILESTON  F… 
Damn, people get upset over the oddest things.  Are cave men next?  Can't marvel at their art, because they were misogynists? 
I don't know his work that well at all. I only know Rarebit Friends and his run on the Question, ne… 
21 movies over 10 years all connecting to the end of a story #marvel nothing like this has been done in cinema and… 
in other words: dont be a DICK #AvengersEndgame 
Love it.Where's the #PhilCoulson one 
my son in his marvel tee 
I can’t man I can’t you’re tugging at me marvel putting every movie in here 
Some of the Marvel Comics cosplays I got photos of from #flowercitycomiccon2019 
As mentioned on this week's podcast, I give  you Ultron California. #MARVEL #MCU #Avengers 
In the upcoming Marvel tentpole flick a talking mouse reveals in the opening minutes that all those dead at the end… 
10 Actors Who Turned Down Huge Marvel Roles And Why They Refused via 
Marvel really leaked their own shit to promote it. Signed* Rapper 101 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Iron Man New Suit Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel Superhero... via 
whatever it takesMarvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via 
Marvel Announces Wolverine vs Blade For July 
Mark Ruffalo Says He Shot A Scene For Infinity War In Which Hulk Got Snapped #AVENGERS #Avengers:Endgame #Marvel… 
#hashtag4 Marvel Superheroes phone cases for iPhone 
Captain Marvel (Neon Suit) could be coming soon! I wonder if it’ll glow too.  
We recently hosted our 20th (Yes! Twentieth!) #SpecialScreening for #CaptainMarvel in IMAX3D at Ster Kinekor Gatewa… 
Dame holds the power of x #Marvel "Black Panther" Dame 5Launching 4/26, Select Stores and On… 
What an arrogant brat! This is the woman that's supposed to be the future of the MCU?! What the f… 
y’all heard them. if you spoil it i will END you 
"Ad:" Comics: Whiz #68 fawcett comics 1945 Captain Marvel Shazam rare Golden Age superhero wow… 
The New ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Trailer Is a Nostalgic Trip Through the Marvel Universe 
On top of all this, the hottest content on Netflix isn't owned by Netflix. All the Star Wars movies? All the Marvel… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Series 6” Avengers Endgame Target Hawkeye (Female body only)  Flying… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Series 6” Avengers Endgame Target Hawkeye (Male body only)  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Marvel Universe / Legends Loose 3.75 Iron Man / Hulk Figure Lot 2013  FlyingTreasur… 
Captain Marvel most powerful character my ass 
Priyanka Chopra In Talks for a Project, Says ‘Avengers’ Filmmaker - The Quint 
Yeah, Paramount never owned Marvel Studios. They bought the rights to distribute the films, but Marvel Studios were… 
Directors ask Marvel fans not to spoil ‘Avengers: Endgame’ 
got good news according to leaks that correspond with the leaked footage Captain Marvel will not finish Thanos.... you see (CENSORED) 
LOKI IS AND FOREVER WILL BE THE BEST MARVEL CHARACTER. YOU CANT CHANGE MY MIND. #Loki 
That Marvel Employee who leaked Endgame is a pure asshole lol 
where's the video about Captain Marvel? 
setting a great example for sportsmanship &amp;stupid fans  around the world - yeah #Ajax is so exciting, a… 
I’ve had girls more than once marvel at how soft my hair is.  
''Remember, Thanos still demands your silence'' o tapa 
glad to hear it now we just need and to acctually do it 
With the Ching Dynasty Collection, you will marvel again and again at the intricate decoration of these works of Ch… 
Final Stan Lee Cameo Will Appear in Avengers: Endgame #AvengersEndgame #Marvel #StanLee 
Captain Marvel recruits Squirrel Girl, Kamala Khan and Riri Williams and together the four of them defeat Thanos bu… 
Marvel movies. They have changed my life 
I didn't realize that regretting the (partial) destruction of an architectural marvel which is the centerpiece of a… 
Meanwhile over at WB there are still people uncredited for their work on JL. So Marvel can’t keep their secrets sec… 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame I’m just going to go dark on Twitter until I see it. Because of some bullshit — Marvel breakin… 
Directors ask Marvel fans not to spoil ‘Avengers: Thanos still demands… 
WOW! What an amazing trailer and compilation of the past movies!!!Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End… 
guys i still haven't watched Captain Marvel and Infinity War is out in a week. i am stressing 
Marvel is overrated. 
society 
I'd be cool with Rey not ending up with a love interest. For example, in Captain Marvel it was so fu… 
Directors ask Marvel fans not to spoil ‘Avengers:                        “Rememb… 
It's cool that The Russo Brothers are telling fans not to spoil upcoming Marvel's Avengers Endgame movie. But, the… 
That art is gorgeous 
"Ad:" Web of Spider-Man #1 2009 CGC 9.8 SS Signed Stan Lee Marvel Comics  FlyingTreasures 
Yep! The rumors r heavy about this one. Sadly the music is gone as mumblings that coasters is getting a redo. Will… 
Oh boy what a day to be behind on Twitter with leaks to a big film, ps5 talk and Microsoft E3 press conference date… 
There is a real life member of Josh's family who's first name was Marvel 
I will not be able to say goodbye. My ground is crumbling I do not want it to end, what will become… 
VIDEO GAMES: MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: THE BLACK ORDER Lands On Nintendo Switch This July… 
I would enjoy if the spoilers were actually that everyone dies and that actually happens and Marvel just do… 
My dads birthday is an excuse for my family to go see a shitty movie. Pet sematary, captain marvel and dumbo are ou… 
Same with those who get a bunny because it's Easter or a black cat because it's Halloween. &amp; I'm guessing tons of p… 
Captain Marvel, Daredevil, Spider-Gwen, and Venom?????? Sign me the frick up 
Removi "Marvel's Cloak and Dagger" da minha grade #bancodeseries 
Marvel's Kevin Feige Explains Why He's Not Interested in Directing 
Space Jam or any Marvel movie 
This is a troll lmao 
Love this representation of Star-Lord. His innerkid is still stuck in the 80's #Marvel #AvengersEndgame #Twitch 
'Avengers: Endgame': To The End Trailer Released 
Thursday 7pm - IBM reserved theater for financial clients in NYC area. I have the theater and my VIP ticket - Do yo… 
Captain Marvel Archives mauntie like a mom just way cooler higher faster shirtThe post Captain Marvel Archives ma… 
I would!!!! Also, if they don’t play End Game at some point in that movie, Marvel is cancelled 
To any #Hawkeye, #Marvel, or #MCU fans, I created a video for my favorite archery avenger. Check it out, give our b… 
Is it imperative that I see Captain Marvel BEFORE #AvengersEndgame ? 
The Incredible Hulk did not disappoint. Here’s my review of the film on LetterBoxd! Also leave your LetterBoxd link… 
THIS THIS THIS! If Potter fans can keep a secret, Marvel fans can too! 
"Ad:" Comics: Rare Vintage Mens M Batman T Shirt 1988 DC Comics Super Hero Bruce Wayne Marvel… 
"Ad:" Marvel Infinity War Arc Reactor Gamestop And COA  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Spiderman Venom carnage lot of 3  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends blade lot of 3  FlyingTreasures 
Don't normally care about Marvel movies but I wanna see it solely for her 
I’m not much of a star wars fan. I do love the marvel films, but imagine talking down on someone for enjoying somet… 
Check out THE WAR OF THE REALMS #2 WRAP AROUND DAUTERMAN ART VARIANT MARVEL COMICS   via 
Spotting #StanLee : All Of Stan Lee's #Marvel #Excelsior #ComicLegend 
Marvel giving #Loki his own #Endgame emoji when they're probably going to let him stay murdered is so mean, I feel… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 Gets A Release Date on Nintendo Switch 
Playing with toys.: #toys #photography #toyphotography #marvel #marvelstudios #marvellegends… 
You gotta get on it! I had to wait to watch black panther before watching infinity war lol. It’s i… 
Stan Lee's Last Cameo is in 'Avengers: Endgame' Stan Lee, who is hailed by many as the driving creative force behi… 
You’re dumb. These type of movies are what give a balance between us and people everyone calls “nerds” or weird. I’… 
Thanks to every one who ordered comics , openers and decals . Your orders have been shipped out and should arrive s… 
A five-minute Avengers: Endgame leak is making Marvel movie fans miserable 
#StanLee makes his final cameo in #AvengersEndgame : #Excelsior #ComicLegend 
irmãos russo: don't spoil the movie.marvel: look those 4 news tv spots with more scenes and giving the plot away 
Do you know some one who needs some galactic choking? #starwars #darthvader #art #disney #marvel #memes #jedi… 
Marvel fans warned to avoid social media after 'Avengers: Endgame' spoilers leak The stars… 
We have Star Wars collectibles at #starwars #darthvader #art #disney #marvel #memes #jedi… 
Switch Exclusive Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Secures A July Release Date 
Terry-Toons Comics #4 (1942 Timely/Marvel/St. John) November 1950 Rosnock Pty. Ltd. Australia  Grade VF via 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame erupts on social media after #AvengersEndgame leaks online. Learn mor… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Release Date Announced 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via ~ 10 Days Away!! Get Your Tic… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 hits the Switch July 19thHoooooooooo boy 
Classic #marvel Comics 
I saw a new preview for a Godzilla movie and I think Mothra was in it, along… 
Wow someone is really horny for marvel huh 
So the other  is going out of champion league..... This Ajax team is marvel to watch 
The Marvel films are a mixed bag musically.. The Silverstri, Jackman, Mothersbaugh, Goransson, and Giacchino films… 
Literally the best way to tell people to not spoil the movie, the problem I see here is it’s not th… 
It's easy to ask fans not to give spoilers whereas Marvel itself allowed some people to watch 20 minutes of the movie. 
24 Captain Marvel Self-Locking ABS Building Blocks Minifigures Set Limited 
You’re correct, Star Wars/Marvel “men” are indeed insane losers! 
Dear Media, since neither America nor England have been dominated by Catholicism during the last 400y and have no c… 
I ain't really a superhero person but these marvel movies are incredible. Especially recent avengers… 
Were you able to find Rocket Raccoon? I can’t find him anywhere 
Too much carol danvers, and she still doesn't look like she can act :/  hope she doesn't ruin the movie 
Korg character useless marvel deception 
Thor would obliterate Wonder Woman. It would be a good fight, but Thor would win. But Captain Marvel would crush both of them. It's science. 
Doctor Strange #15  (2nd Series 1974) June 1976   Marvel Comics  Grade NM via 
endgame kicks on FYUUUUURRR #AvengersEngame #DontSpoilTheEndgame… 
Loading #NewWork..#Followtrick #Panthers #BlackPanther #BlackPanther #draw #MCU #marvelcomics #MARVEL… 
Marvel- arcadeDC- the riddler 
Just 10 days to go, Here is the final trailer for #AvengersEngame ... 
Just saw CAPT MARVEL. who do you think the HIGHER POWER WAS??? A. I. !!! 
Barca and Ajax final will be a marvel to watch 
Kevin Feige On The Future Of The MCU And How Disney+ Will Be Part of it #Marvel #MarvelCinematicUniverse #MCU… 
1977 Star Wars #1 Marvel Comics signed Stan Lee signature CGC 9.4 (White pages)   ( 63 Bids )  
I'm watching the leaked footage. I will not watch racist Captain Marvel. I'll wait for fans… 
This ajax team is so marvel to watch 
Alias by Bendis (original Jessica Jones)Paper Girls by VaughnWonder Woman by RuckaCaptain Marvel by… 
Too funny. Can’t wait! #endgame #avengers #AvengersEndgame #marvel 
I would assume Marvel does. 
This Ajax Amsterdam team is a marvel to watch #JuveAjax  #UCL 
Which retail outlet can I walk into and get decent Marvel tees? It's obviously too late for online things and my pl… 
shut the fuck up  
When I see the hashtag #DontSpoilTheEndgame, it makes me wonder what Marvel has to hide.  They told people not to s… 
and life moves forward. Do not mourn a building. Be thankful it stood, and marvel at the way humanity accepts a los… 
Kevin Feige Alludes That Future 'Deadpool' Movies Will Stay R-Rated At 
Just saw Captain Marvel. Great movie. 
After Avengers: Endgame, what’s next for the Marvel Cinematic Universe? 
"Ad:" Comics: WOLVERINE #145 (1999) ~ RARE GOLD CLAWS VARIANT! ~ MARVEL ~ HULK ~ X-MEN  F… 
Hey any way i can get a Endgame ticket. Im a broke bitch and Marvel is life.  
“Before we’re done, we still have one promise to keep.” Marvel Studios’ 
22 marvel movies 
Endgame’ Directors Urge Fans Not To Spoil The Movie - Marvel StudiosIn the weeks leading up to Avengers: Infinit… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Spiderman mysterio  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS X-MEN SKULLBUSTER CALIBAN BUILD A FIGURE IN HAND SHIPPED LOOSE  Flyi… 
"Ad:" MARVEL LEGENDS X-MEN WEAPON X CALIBAN BUILD A FIGURE IN HAND SHIPPED LOOSE  FlyingT… 
Marvel Two in One #3 (1st Series 1973) May 1974 Marvel Comics   Grade NM via 
The new #AvengersEndgame Twitter emojis, commissioned by #MarvelStudios, seem to confirm that the #film will featur… 
#ActsofEvil from starting this July!! Cant wait to see what 
I’m glad I’m a Marvel fan because at least my fandom doesn’t fuckin leak spoilers live 
Don’t spoil it before the premiere but then all bets are off 
I agree with you but I like Star Wars and I love the Marvel movies. But then again I’m not a sociall… 
Be a decent human being for once in your life #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
Enough with reality! #xmen 
Step 1: Be really good at drawing. 
12TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
The Marvel movies have zero stakes. The people legitimately scared of their favorite character being killed off in… 
The creative restrictions placed on Capcom certainly were. Hopefully Disney &amp; Mar… 
That Marvel leak pretty much confirms that it was all a gimmicky waste of time. If people want this kind of crap wi… 
Marvel MCU characters and their comic counterparts 
9 Dias!Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via 
i honestly don’t care about marvel but a lot of people do so #DontSpoilTheEndgame. 
Shoutout to the iconic female heroes of Marvel! #CaptainMarvel #TheWasp#TheValkyrie #BlackWidow#ScarletWitch… 
It was his sled. 
Is everything money only now? Get lucky is always grayed out 
Don't do it 
Meet 'Captain Marvel' Cutie Akira Akbar With 10 Fun Facts! 
Switch got enuff ports.. 
Right!! Marvel to watch 
The Avengers win. #SpoiledTheEndgame #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
Sharing My Marvel Movie Collection via 
#AskNeilGaiman Hi Mr. G! Any plans on bringing “Marvel 1602” to life (on TV or the big screen)? 
Rank Up Complete!MS. MARVEL (KAMALA KHAN) is now 
I clicked the linked tweet expecting it to be about the hateful dudes who can't stop complaining ab… 
The Incredible Hulk #194 (1st Series 1962-1999) December 1975  Marvel Comics  Grade NM via 
I agree! Fucking BS Marvel! 
I’m blocking marvel if they ever hurt me like this again 
Spoiler Alert: All of the Marvel films were a daydream of Bruce Wayne. He wanted to write it al… 
It’s so weird that my Twitter is mostly marvel content and my tumblr is mostly DC content Who am I 
Please don’t. I’ll be turning off my phone for three days just because I can’t trust social media always sneaking s… 
I'd love to see a live-action Spider-Man show on Disney+.This used to be a far-fetched idea, but if Disney can giv… 
This is how you react to something you love! This is me for every trailer or Star Wars, Marvel or D… 
Just marvel at the genius  
Abuti Messi is a marvel to watch  #BARMUN 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” OMG... CANNOT WAIT !! AAHHHHHHHHH 
I wrote on one of my fave characters in the Marvel Universe. #Shuri! Princess of Wakanda! Technological marvel!… 
Marvel Contest Of Champions Hack Cheats Unlimited How to hack Marvel Contest… 
Find me that Marvel game that shut down last year. I want to play that again. 
MARVEL | We Are The Champions via 
Just watched all of the End Game leaks, you Marvel stans better not piss me off  
Kevin Feige explains why he’s not interested in directing a Marvel movie 
JUST LISTED!!!FYE Exclusive Carnage w/ Axe Hands #Funko POP! vinyl figure #Collectibles #Marvel #WeAreVenom… 
Do you know what's in 2 weeks that is gonna be the best 3 hours of ny life?  #AvengersEndgame 
Here’s the best moment in a Marvel movie, probably ever. 
Can't wait! Yes, don't spoil it for others! #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
And be aware of the leaks and the breakdowns! Don't spread them and don't go down that rabbit hole. Let's all cheer… 
Marvel Studios dropped IronMan in 2008 and never stopped running since. They changed the film game and culture enti… 
Now all we need is the Marvel VS Capcom Collection... Something that will only… 
That is a beautiful window, when I saw the fire it was the first thing that came to mind.  Viewing i… 
Nah Marvel biggest movie franchise and brand in the world at the end of the day, they… 
yeahhhhh, he plays even less like a smash character now too. idk what it is but i can’t do his inputs… 
Check out THOR #347 (VF-NM) 1984 Walt Simonson  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
Check out SECRET SIX #3 (G) 1968  via #Comics #ComicCollectors #ComicBackIssues #Collectibles #Marvel #DC 
Check out THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN AMERICA #1 (VF-NM) 1991  via #Comics… 
Check out THE SAGA OF THE SWAMP THING #1 (VF+) 1982  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
Marvel Studios and adidas are releasing a capsule of limited edition silhouettes inspired by the super-hero strengt… 
Check out MOON KNIGHT #8 (VF-NM) 1981  via #Comics #ComicCollectors #ComicBackIssues #Collectibles #Marvel #DC 
Check out AQUAMAN #2 (VF-NM) 2011 FIRST PRINT  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
“Captain Marvel” has three faces can’t trust none of em 
I see why Marvel is far better than DC comics 
Pleeeease! 
Check out DAREDEVIL #248 (NM) 1987 Wolverine  via #Comics #ComicCollectors… 
The amount of Marvel-related words I’ve muted is ridiculous. I’m like Fort Sumter. Nothing’s getting past my blocka… 
Catching up on some cosmic #GhostRider    Love the story line and the artwork in this issue. 
Uh yea... don’t be that person 
even though I'm the only one who watches marvel im trying to force my whole family to see endgame for my birthday 
"Ad:" Comics: Lot of 2, Marvel The Thing and Submariner #28 + #31, 35 Cent Variants RARE … 
Marvel ou DC? Kkkkkkkkkkkkk 
The people want to know if you like Canes more or Marvel movies? 
I completely disagree 
#Hasbro #AvengersEndgame PR Box With New Figures &amp; Roll Play #Avengers… 
AVENGERS ENDGAME Final Trailer (2019) Marvel Movie HD 
brb crying #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
"Ad:" Shuri Black Panther Marvel Movie 6" Action Figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Toy Biz Marvel Legends Amazing Spider-Man Classics Hobgoblin 6" figure ML  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Hulk Abomination Figure Onslaught BAF Series SEALED  FlyingTreasures 
I’m muting every iteration of the title until after I see the movie on the 26th 
it's marvel shows. 
Yes, I want to spoiler. 
Deem spoiler, sim. 
Pleeeeeeeeease 
You + = #Webby People’s Voice #goals . They’re currently in 1st place. VOTE RN: / 
Tuesday Afternoon with Mecha LIVE! Star Wars, Star Trek, Marvel, DC, Cor... via 
"I do my all my own stunts." 
Feels like Marvel did that on their own with this emoji. #AntManThanos 
Taking a break from Marvel bullshit... — watching Shazam! Movie 
Let’s go watch Captain Marvel guys... 
Marvel.... 
Part of the journey is the end so let's finish this, "together". #AvenegersAssemble #Wakandaforever #WeareGroot… 
"You know your teams(your movie group), you know your missions, no mistakes no do overs. Look out for each other" T… 
assumptions, thoughts, opinions, dreams even a premonition. I'm doing #whateverittakes to protect myself and my lov… 
I actually need to go watch Captain Marvel before the 25th so I can watch End Game... 
So glad so many treasures were saved. What wonderful work by the firefighters. A tragedy of epic proportion nonethe… 
Every Social Media Account Just Posted This Letter From the Endgame 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame | Don't be a jerk. 
Just for the record "The original three" is IGN's wording not Marvel's.Beside it's not that wa… 
Kid Trax Marvel Guardians of the Galaxy 12V Quad, Purple Only $79 + Free Shipping From Walmart 
I just watched the Endgame leaked scenes. I haven’t seen like the last 8 marvel movies so it didn’t make any sense.… 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame therussobrothers #salute 
Tomorrow is new comic book day and if you are intrested in what is coming out check out our latest episode where we… 
It's been a fun ride. I'm ready but I'm not. Although I can't wait to see how it ends, I also don't want it to end.… 
‘AVENGERS: ENDGAME': To The End Trailer Released -  #TercaDetremuraSDV 
If the Russo’s asked me to jump off a cliff, I probably would do that too..please don’t ask me to jump off a cliff.… 
Marvel Fans Warned as Spoiler-Filled Avengers: Endgame Footage Leaks Online 
The About page can potentially be your “marketing marvel” and can single-handedly convert complete strangers into q… 
Marvel and my grandmother have one thing in common:Their version of "email" is writing something in Word, printin… 
I liked a video Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” 
Marvel fans        Marvel haters                                            Spending money seeing marvel movies when they come out. 
I’ve seen Captain Marvel 9 times, Ant Man… 
you know I’m a part af Marvel fandom since 2011 and it’s the first time I DONT WANNA SEE ANY SPOILERS i’m used to… 
I'm truly amazed by how far you have come in your designs Irena, beautiful  Thank you for sharing your workWe… 
i still ain’t seen ant mane and the wasp but im thinkin bout skipping that shit and seeing ms marvel tanite so i ca… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order launches on July 19 for Nintendo Switch: 
No such thing as spoilers. If you're over the age if 13 gtfu 
Acabou de sair mais um trailer de #VingadoresUltimato #AvengersEndGame Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the… 
why am i crying 
When you try to avoid spoilers but too many people talking about.. 
100% with Musty on that one. Marvel Ultimate Alliance as well! 
I won't  say anything but i cant guantee others 
The damage to this architectural marvel is heartbreaking. Thank goodness no lives were lost. We look forward to see… 
We get to see it 2 days ahead lol 
Just 10 more days!!!! 
SEM SPOILERS 
Kevin Feige: Marvel’s Disney+ Series to ‘Intersect’ With MCU Movies in A ‘Very Big Way’ 
This note should definitely help stop spoiling... No on way people would defy this letter and be jerks for the fun of it. 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” via #ItsTooAwesome… 
Colab with lost.motion.blur. Go check him out if you haven’t yet. Tags:  #toasty #avengers #colab #ironman #marvel… 
End Game spoiler: Snape appears to have killed Dumbledore. 
Too late. The movie was spoiled when you casted Brie Larson and hired bad writers. This isn't trolli… 
Me telling people what happens  
This is the end boys, let’s keep it spoiler free 
Marvel Kicks Off 10 Day Countdown To #AvengersEndgame With New Promo - 
And then there is this marvel: "French Interior Minister Christophe Castaner said there's a structural… 
Thanons demands my silence? but I don’t like Thanos and I will not LISTEN TO HIS DEMANDS! 
Unless the ending is just Captain Marvel throwing around Thanos like a chew toy then please ruin t… 
How Kevin Feige Super-Charged Marvel Studios Into Hollywood’s Biggest Hit Machine #Movies #TV 
Necesito estar off social media next week hasta el 28 que me toca. So help me God. 
“thanos still demands your silence” BOY 
I agree with you 
I didn’t get the tickets to the first weekend it opens so I’m praying no one spoils it for me! ##MarvelStudios… 
10 DAYS 
Taking the Moral standing of Thanos in Marvel Comics? 
Geek History Lesson #247 - Captain Marvel: Higher, Further, Faster, More (Book Club) - 
Taking the Moral standing of Thanos in Marvel Comics, Maher: Earth Better If More People 'Not Have Kids, Die, and S… 
As fans of Marvel comics and a good blockbuster movie ... our true hero is this guy:  This person has th… 
Okay now that's done and dusted... just waiting for End Game now — watching caption marvel 
Its crazy that endgame is next week, i legit remember san diego comic con 2017 when marvel showed them the trailer… 
Runaways' First Appearance in 2003! | Today in Marvel History 
#Btr2sDayShe turned side to side, twisting her whole torso and not just her head, to marvel at her reflection in t… 
WEB OF VENOM CULT OF CARNAGE - Marvel Preps Absolute Carnage 
Going to miss these guys!!!! They both and are their staff have done such a wonderful job making the Marvel movies!… 
Whoa! What a look at the voyage we have taken over the last decade, at what built from that which… 
Whatever it takes  
A new Marvel game might be coming to Disney and Lenovo’s augmented reality headset 
Much classical music and paintings were created with religious inspiration but that… 
Me falta Black Panther, Captain Marvel &amp; Guardian's of the Galaxy Vol.2   
Avengers: Endgame better be the best marvel movie yet 
She's been written like a sociopath. Like Captain Marvel's movie character. It's not good. Where are the… 
"Ad:" Wolverine 1980 Marvel Collector's Gallery Statue by Gentle Giant  FlyingTreasures 
Here's the Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order box art! 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends VENGEANCE "Lengendary Riders Series" Action Figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Titan Hero Series Marvel Avengers 12" Inch Action Figure - VISION - New  FlyingTrea… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Kree Sentry Captain Marvel Masked 6" Action Figure OPEN BOX  FlyingT… 
 Buy Some Deadpool Merch Or The Teddy Bear Gets It! Help Save The Teddy Bear's LifeDeadpool Merch Now Available… 
Do as Mr. Stark ) Say!Put Peter ) 
Marvel Avengers EndGame: A Dog's Perspective via #AvengersEndGame #Marvel… 
Imma need marvel to stop dropping trailers 
Omg. I said this the other day! CAPT MARVEL HAS sooo many references in there. Compute… 
Do you think once all rights and trademarks are resolved with Marvel, do you think Disney plans on… 
There's 40 of them? Jesus Marvel, give it a rest. 
I love this video for using characters’ themes from previous movies. I hope that Alan Silvestri has taken a similar… 
kaz brekker’s name being spoken in the same breath as marvel..... 
I don’t know who first introduced me to it but I love it (especially as we enter a season that is fu… 
This pretty much being a hint at Marvel's #DisneyPlus new s… 
Tandy Explores Her Past In This Haunting Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger Exclusive Clip - 
The Journey to Avengers End Game starts tonight. Revisiting every Marvel movie in chronological order!! Stay tuned… 
Capcom Vs? Marvel Vs Capcom 4? Street Vs Tekken 2? Capcom Vs Everybody? 
cressworth aren’t in this article because they’re too good for marvel 
Please do not tag or post something to us with any spoilers for #AvengersEndGame and we promise not share any spoil… 
Avengers: Endgame Leaked Footage Unleashed - No Spoilers Inside #AvengersEndgame #films… 
Pre-Order Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 - Nintendo Switch for $59.99 via Best Buy=&gt; 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 gunna be lit can't wait Spiderman &amp; Venom all day every day 7/19/19 
Azra! You out did yourself today!! Amazing work! Thank you so much for these designs We nominate #KeremBürsin… 
Captain Marvel had a whole sub plot about being trained to hide her emotions and failing beca… 
Wait, so pretty much *every* MCU character has an emoji? And of all those beloved heroes &amp; their associates, which… 
#BlackWidow #ScarletWitch #CaptainMarvel #Wasp #Shuri #Okoye #Gamora #Mantis #Nebula Where’s the #Valkyrie emoji, 
 Is it because your new Marvel Show!?  #Loki 
If this had the Marvel vs. games too I might be tempted but this is a bit much at this price. 
If I see any tweets with any Marvel Avengers Endgame spoilers, I will lose my freaking mind. 
10. More. Days. #endgame 
Simply marvelous 
What about Wonder Woman, Captain America, or Captain Marvel? I'd hire them in a heartbeat! T… 
SPIDER-MAN HIMSELF to visit #GatewayUmhlanga at the ‘Be Marvel Be More Junior Super Hero Training Academy’! This f… 
You can't topple 18 billion dollars in couple years cause in couple years marvel be cl… 
Love this reel!  Like a and movie had a meeting of the minds. Sound effects and all the movin… 
Every time Marvel releases more footage, I get so hyped I can hardly breathe!  I am so ready for this!!!!! 
And marvel is superior look at what they did from iron man all way to endgame nobody w… 
hastag your favorite marvel heroes &amp; you see their emoji! Because in 10 days #endgame pr… 
Marvel ou DC? 
Finally got some box art. MARVEL Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order launches as a Nintendo Switch exclusive on Ju… 
"Ad:" Marvel Edge of Venomverse #1 Sketched by Kotkin Signed by Stan Lee CGC 9.8 SS  Flyi… 
"Ad:" X-Men #1 MAGNETO Jim Lee Marvel 1990 Signed STAN LEE + OFFICIAL COA  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Spider-Man 1 Marvel 1990 Signed STAN LEE + Todd McFarlane + OFFICIAL COA  FlyingTre… 
Wow!! You are amazing!  
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix To Win The Streaming Wars 
Marvel started with captain America, thor, iron man and had build up character to get… 
Marvel’s Cloak and Dagger preview: Let’s do all the dangerous things 
Marvel (?) 
Enjoy! Hope it turns out good. 
Not the hero you’re looking for......#deadpool  #travel #marvel #marvelcomics #starwarstheblackseries #tbsff… 
Am I the only one that noticed Iron Man is in the wrong armor? 
You Lied to me about Thor!!!!!Still I love you  
I completely agree with u. CAPTAIN MARVEL SUCKED AND BRIE LARSON IS A TERRIBLE ACTRESS! Who the hell… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” TV Spot via 
#AvengersEndgame Twitter Emojis May Spoil Some Big Character Returns - 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Release Date Locked In For July #NintendoSwitch 
COME MAKE LOKI'S FANDOM HAPPY 
Marvel: #dontspoilendgame The internet: 
BEHOLD THE MAGNITUDE!!! 
Awesome #umbrellaacademy Cosplay 2019. #cosplay #netflix #darkhorsecomics #comics #dccomics #marvel… 
Are you eagerly awaiting the release for #AvengersEndgame ? if you need to stoke the flames of MCU excitement you s… 
I’ve managed to find numerous links with leaked clips… 
Today is the THIRTEENTH DAY of our MCU Marathon up to #AvengersEndgame!We have NINE Days left until you can LEGAL… 
Me: Don’t kill my friendsMarvel: kills my friendsMe: buys dvd 
Exactly. Why throw good money after bad? If Disney ever actually launches their streaming service,… 
Shipping Captain Marvel, Thor and Valkyrie: Brie Larson and Chris Hemsworth debate the best couple - Yahoo Entertai… 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Full Team Assembles Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel Superhe... via 
So that's  a broad stroke too...I am a Conservative but I think her comment was asinine a… 
"Ad:" Comics: SCARLET SPIDER #1 3rd Print Green Cover Variant RARE [Marvel Comics, 2012] … 
Was watching captain marvel 
Oh brother why marvel do that shit 
One word for these two designs by is AWESOME  Great work, it's both creative and funny We nom… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends SpiderWoman Spider Woman Spider-Woman Action Figure 6”  FlyingTreasu… 
With #AvengersEndgame out in only 9 days, Marvel has graced us with a ton of new emojis! 1/2#AntMan#BlackPanther… 
I'll search for...tks!  
As a #Marvel fan, I think that I can speak for everybody when I say that we don’t want the viewing experience of… 
will we be getting the Original #SpiderWoman Jessica Drew in Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3? 
Marvel requests fans don’t give away spoilers to new Avengers movie on social media #endgame #thanos 
The Russo Brothers on ‘Endgame’ VFX, Future Marvel Projects, and Their Next Film, ‘Cherry’ - 
There are 95 million PS4’s, 42 million Xbox One’s, and only 32 million Switches out there. Besi… 
Bosslogic already made a poster for 
Sam is the first dusted avenger to come back, we hear him say to Steve “On Your Left,” then we see T’challa and Shu… 
Pray with us for President of Marvel Studios Kevin Feige and YouTuber Evan Fong (Vanoss) on the Mastermedia Prayer… 
My Dad picked my sister up early from school because they were behind on their Marvel marathon. 
Hulk tried to wield the Stark gauntlet, but it appears to be too powerful for him.-Steve dual wields his shield a… 
And when you'll calling 
This poster is freaking amazing. 
Marvel needs kylie jenner 
The problem is these types of self-righteous jerks have somehow got contro… 
-Scott, Hulk, Steve, and Tony travel to the battle of New York to retrieve the mind, space, and time stone. Steve f… 
‘Avengers: Endgame’ leaked footage prompts Marvel fans to leave social media 
And small town folks tend to litter the most and marvel at how cleaner and nicer bigger towns are 
Nice. 
Undateable? Nah... maybe the ppl your interested in is undateable &amp; not compatible. I need someone i can… 
Marvel Disney+ Series Will Intersect With MCU Movies 
Marvel Disney+ Series Will Intersect With MCU Movies Marvel Studios president Kevin Feig… 
Every railroad has its own colourful beginnings. For the White Pass &amp; Yukon Route, it was gold, discovered in 1896.… 
Probably my second favorite Marvel series behind GotG 
You like marvel movies? 
ToylabHQ "Who is Mysterio? #JakeGyllenhall, #Marvel, #MarvelVillains, #Mysterio, #Spiderman, comics, For Today's Wh… 
Yoooooo listen very carefully to Vision’s quote in this trailer. The amount of depth laces these movies wit… 
Image from Marvel’s Spider-Man (PS4) 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 now has an official release date. Check out when you'll be able to play:… 
Though I understand where you are coming from, it was more then just a building it was a… 
Captain Marvel Star Brie Larson Insults Thanos Actor Josh Brolin! RANT! via 
#NewProfilePic#CountdownToEndgameI’ll change my profile picture to my next favorite Marvel hero in line until it… 
Avengers: Endgame is 'definitive ending,' says Marvel's Kevin Feige 
No X-Men though????? No Marvel VS Capcom? 
Leaked ‘Avengers: Endgame’ clip prompts Marvel fans to leave social mediaLeaked footage of Marvel’s highly guarde… 
They did that for The Incredible Hulk too. 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Rhodey Makes Fun Of Ant-Man Trailer NEW (2019) Marvel Superhero Movie HD 
Omg these are SOOO CUTEE!! #AntMan #StarLord #ScarletWitch #Vision #Gamora #Drax #Groot #RocketRaccoon #Falcon 
Captain Marvel Smirks All the Way to the Bank | Anthropology-News 
This design by is magnificent  I really hope you like the fans work in this campaign Kerem We nom… 
‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane - The New York Times 
Oh, I forgot we had the annoying Captain Marvel version in this. Still gonna pick it up an… 
Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” TV Spot 
No idea where you got that from.What I did say is that if people are coming to a chur… 
Ms. Marvel(Kamala Khan) and The Unbeatable Squirrel Girl are my two recommendations. They're both fant… 
‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane 
MARVEL ULTIMATE ALLIANCE 3: The Black Order comes exclusively to Nintendo Switch on 19/07! 
You're catching on, Rog! With a retractable roof you can take it off when you want! It's a marvel of modern technol… 
King Monada is such a marvel. I get so much inspiration from this guy 
Jared Leto's Spider-Man Movie Morbius Explained 
Y'all out here bragging about your #Endgame tickets. I'll see it when the theater is like the end of Infinity War;… 
Marvel Cinematic Universe update? Big if true 
Check out Game Of Thrones and about 20 Marvel movies... #ThatAughtToDoIt ! 
We still asking Scarlett sexiest shit in 2019? Come ONN this is ridiculous.- from the entertainment marvel magazine 
So, who is your favorite Marvel (or DC) character? 
It’s a UNESCO world heritage site and a marvel of architecture, engineering and art. It’s impor… 
AVENGERS ENDGAME Final Trailer (2019) Marvel Movie HD #avengersendgamefinaltrailer… 
I'm not going to be able to see it opening day either. I still haven't been able to see… 
Or when I said that Captain Marvel's flightsuit didn't actually need to be sexualized because my mil… 
#AvengersEndgame post credits scene: Black Panther, Captain Marvel, Spider-Man, Shang-Chi, and Doctor Strange eatin… 
#groot better be older and kicking ass in this film 
#spiderman is the baby of Marvel 
Remember how we got here.  Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” TV Spot via 
Most of yal that say yal don’t watch marvel movies or GOT coz blah blah lack creativity and innovation! Go argue… 
"Ad:" Comics: Captain Marvel #1 Adam Hughes Variant Lot Rare Avengers Carol Danvers Marvel 
"Ad:" Comics: Marvel Comics DAREDEVIL #95 1973 Bronze Age Nice Mid-Grade Rare Double Cover 
Aaaaaaaaaa I love you Marvel!  
Where's goose?!  
Spider-Man Leather Jacket Collection on SALE with FREE #Spider-Man… 
Marvel Studios’ Executives Are Obsessed With Transcendental Meditation – Variety 
"Ad:" Marvel Diamond Select Red Hulk action figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Avengers Super Hero 3 Paper Weight, Hulk, Iron Man, Captain America Lot 3  F… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Hasbro 2019 X-Men Caliban BAF Wave Gambit BRAND NEW IN HAND!!!  Flyi… 
why can’t we get marvel ultimate alliance for  
I’m a Thursday night guy !! Bring on the action You’ll see me at the theater #OpeningNight. I can’… 
#Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 Release Date Revealed #MarvelUltimateAlliance3TheBlackOrder #Nintendo #Switch #TeamNinja 
My hero aka kilmonger #blackpanther #blackactors #actor #gq #neverstop #motivated… 
Oh my GOD, this is amazing! I am ready for the #Endgame 
Felines #onfleek. See the four-legged stars of and hit the catwalk in the latest fa… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Release Date Announced: On July 19, 2019, the Marvel Ultimate Alliance… 
Awesome! I'm a Jason Aaron fan, I feel like he understands the Marvel tradition better than most. 
#InfinityGauntlet has been given its proper respek. 
 on Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” TV Spot 
FOR ALL THOSE THAT NEED THE ORDER OF THE MARVEL MOVIES.... THEY GAVE IT TO YOU IN THIS COMMERCIAL… 
as in "suck it, C. Marvel". 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 The Black Order se estrena en exclusiva en Nintendo Switch el 19… 
Sorry to be the one to say this as a long time fan of the MCU Captain Marvel was trash 
So grateful to have friends that are AND stans 
Twitter emojis for #AvengersEndgame available now! 
Look at that beautiful box art! Wolverine’s front and center. Marvel is sending a loud message, fam. X-Fans, on J… 
Liked on YouTube: Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” TV Spot 
I think Endgame spoilers are out there. Stay vigilant. If any of y'all use Reddit I would filter out nsfw because e… 
The marvel of nature - a lowly caterpillar cocoons itself and transforms over the space o… 
Which Spiderman is your favorite from "Into the Spider-Verse?" #Spiderverse #SpiderMan #MARVEL #comics #MarvelStudios 
Happy birthday dear.I hope you had a marvel one. 
Top 10 Comics for the Week of 4/10/2019 by 
This is the epic saga in cinematic history that I am most greatful to grow up with.  Not Star Wars, not Harry Potte… 
Remember when people were talking about Ant-Man and the Wasp under performing and Marvel was done and blah blah bla… 
New Avengers: Endgame Video Pays Tribute To Every Single Marvel Movie 
"‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT… 
The absolute NERVE of this girl. I am not a Star Wars fan, but this video contains UNBRIDLED joy. I'm so hyped over… 
'Unplanned,' 'Captain Marvel' and the State of the American Church 
I'm heading out to see Captain Marvel.  
Batman has been aquired by Marvel, in exchange of Dr. Strange and Drax, sources tell ESPN 
Hold up, where's the Fantastic Four? And Ghost Rider?! 
Dear God this looks amazing. #AvengersEndgame #Marvel 
... no I still want my Jean.  
I fell in love with Evan a long time ago but wanna know what made me love him more? Him WILLINGLY wanting to watch… 
9 dias, ahhhh!!Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End” TV Spot 
Marvel, Star Wars and all the Disney classic films and shows? I don't know about you but I am 100000000% getting Di… 
"‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT The New York Times 
From NY Times: "‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" 
They had a rocky start but it would appear that they've found their legs and once th… 
So no Ant-Man? 
Breaking video news: ‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" via NYT #movies #films 
That is fair I see that I guess for a more light hearted family oriented marvel it just hit all the ri… 
Yes, Marvel's ahead in number of movies but that doesn't make them superior. Also, y… 
Where is Jean tho... I need my Phoenix skins again.  
One promise? What does that mean???Actually, don’t tell me. #AvengersEndgame #Marvel 
As a conservative and a Marvel/Star Wars fan, ouch. That hurt. He wasn’t undateable, he showed emoti… 
Just sent photos of the marvel event to the non kpop marvel stans in my life lol Korea has such a fun fandom culture 
Notre Dame has survived over 850 years, including two World Wars. It has been maintained and renovated through the… 
MARVEL NEED TO STOP PLAYING THESE GAMES WITH ALL THESE CHEEKY TRAILERS! #AvengersEndgame 
Everyone: quick blacklist everything marvel so you don’t see the endgame leaksMe: 
im looking at the endgame spoilers just in case one of these marvel bitches at school decides to test me. one wrong… 
THIS is the kind of wibbly wobbly timey wimey stuff I expect from my action-packed, epic, multiverse, time travel m… 
Be careful out there, folks. 
Holy damn this is a good trailer. A fantastic retrospective look at everything that has led up to Endgame. The hype… 
Mighty Frank Castle waits for you tomorrow in Punisher: War Of The Realms #1! #marvel #comics #punisher… 
Marvel Releases New Avengers: Endgame “To The End” Trailer! 
This might just be my favorite of the Endgame trailers so far 
With wolverine being on the cover hopefully this means marvel is finally easing up on xmen… 
im ready 
Liberals are so reactionary and overbearing. Go play on your computer and reorganize your marvel mov… 
I just need to use these free movie tickets and go watch Captain Marvel. Then I’ll be ready for End Game. 
Ashley, no need to worry yourself. The dudes who wear cargo shorts, are into Star Wars and Marvel do… 
And now just like that, just like why I did not go to see Captian Marvel, I will now not be seeing the last Star Wa… 
Lenovo may soon release a Marvel-themed AR headset 
Sweet! #AvengersEndgame #MARVEL 
This is interesting. It's a shame they couldn't include Marvel vs Capcom (I get why) or Bionic Commando (Why not?). 
For anyone interested in Marvel merchandise there is a buy 2 get 1 free sale right now for Marvel Merch at Hot Topic. #marvel #hottopic 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Release Date 
Release Date Announced For Marvel’s Ultimate Alliance 3 #Marvel #Nintendo #TeamNinja 
LEGO Avengers Tower Promo Set Available Soon as GWP 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Okoye Arms Build a Figure Piece BAF from Namor - NEW  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" CITIZEN V Marvel Legends AVENGERS ENDGAME WAVE 1 FIGURE - Loose - IN STOCK!!!  Flyi… 
Talk! Your! Shit! Marvel! 
That's a great visualization of the release order too. Thanks! 
#marvel #avengers Marvel Countdown to Avengers Endgame: Ant Man Trailer 
Is War Machine copyrighted by Marvel or did they change for the WWE branding sake? If it… 
Try Podcasters Assemble if you like Marvel 
did marvel forget they're supposed to release the july solicits or 
God, I hope you're right. But I never cease to marvel at Alabama's ability to vote against its own interests... 
"Before we're done we still have one promise to keep. If we can't SAVE the earth, you can be DAMN SURE we're going… 
Check out 2012 SPIDER MAN MARVEL HALLOWEEN COSPLAY HARD FORM TALKING MASK WRIST BAND #Marvel via 
When says he's gonna leak something soon #MARVEL 
The JOCK and NERD podcast Shazam! Review Marvel releases the first clip from Avengers: Endgame featuring the plan… 
I don't think any cinematic event in the coming years will even come close to Endgame. Marvel has made history here… 
First tweet for Kerem's event Use this sentence in every tweet (We nominate #KeremBürsin from Turkey to play M… 
Aw. Happy birthday, Runababies! 
LEGO Avengers Tower Promo Set Available Soon as GWP 
reading the marvel leak is so tempting... but i must resist 
IS Wolverine a robot? Helm looks like it's a panel where the gerbil goes. 
Uh, The best part about Jason was his obsession with Marvel, Star Wars, Star Trek And Stargate. He opened my eyes t… 
Come watch my friend! #Twitch #Marvel #SpiderMan #SupportSmallStreamers #PS4 
Longest 10 days of my life 
Day 4- we are getting so close to opening night!! #11daytshirtcountdown #marvel #mcu #avengers #endgame marvelstudi… 
I wept at Stan Lee's cameo in Captain Marvel and feel it will happen again here, so, there… 
My ARTIST PROOFS for the official Marvel Masterpieces / X-Men 2018 trading card lineup have come back approved for… 
ALUMNI IN THE NEWS: Did you catch our WHS Class of 1991 grad, Barry Curtis in the Captain Marvel movie? WE DID! Gre… 
That.... was.... Badass  
It's gonna take you for a r...wait, wrong Marvel game. ;) 
Are they from Marvel Universe? 
WHATEVER IT TAKES PORRA AAAAAAAAAAAA 
Ah, yes. Saw some footage and it seems like a good casual game with that monopolic… 
NEW AVENGERS ENDGAME TV SPOT | ONE PROMISE | via 
“Before we’re done, we still have one promise to keep.” Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame is in theaters in 10 day… 
I have to agree this being a Switch exclusive is a downer. I own a Switch but prefe… 
Call down, Marvel – I already bought our tickets.Okay, I'll watch *another* commercial. 
I live Iron Man 
“Life is meant for spectacular adventures.Let your feet wander, your eyes marvel, and your soul ignite.”∆•… 
The life of an artist getting back into acrylics!  Lots of projects but as always commissions are open hit me up fo… 
Reposted from therussobrothers  -  “Before we’re done, we still have one promise to keep.” Marvel Studios’… 
“How Kevin Feige Super-Charged Marvel Studios Into Hollywood’s Biggest Hit Machine” | Variety 
Freaking goosebumps man! 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Release Date &amp; Cover Art 
And the universe grows #moviemarathon #marvel #antman #marvelcomics #avengersendgame #avengers #2weeks #awesome… 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order is coming to the Switch in July. 
Yes, looking back the 2000's were the last time people were allowed to be ideologically neutral. Now… 
That's probably not a 1-to-1 comparison, but CW is just something off the top of my head that (perplexingly to me)… 
Avengers: Endgame Trailer May Show Hulk Is A Part Of The Mission A new Avengers: Endgame… 
They're doing the best they can. Please understand. 
I got Black Widow &amp; Arya Stark! 
game of the year right here 
10 days! #10daystogo #marvel #movie #cinema #avengers #avengersendgame #ironman #captainmarvel #captainamerica… 
Marvel's The Avengers: Felt like I was in the theater again. So many beats were so classic they felt stale (not the… 
Iron Man: It is weird to see a Marvel movie where the hero is trying to hide his identity. With Dark Knight being t… 
So I am currently rewatching the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe leading up to Endgame (because I have access and… 
LRT: That's a bummer but not entirely surprising. I don't think most MAX books are on Marvel Unlimited, for example… 
10 more days! #10daystogo #marvel #movie #cinema #avengersendgame #avengers #ironman #captainmarvel #captainamerica… 
This is pure gold banana. 
If y'all think I'm not reppin' Marvel everyday until Endgame, do you even know me at all? 
The thing is Brie that some of the things you say, I just don't agree with. Wonder Woman came out befor… 
But Wonder Woman Was Better Than Captain Marvel. 
And they were good Tweets. I'm a huge Marvel fan actually but this Star Wars guy represents well the… 
I am needing some help with naming my new Kitten we will be picking up in a couple weeks!So far I have... - Widge… 
Sufficiently hyped. 
Attention Marvel fans, people are trying to post spoilers about Avengers Endgame.  Please scream and run around in… 
#Marvel fans, any recommendations for the best site for shirts? Need a good one for #AvengersEndgame next w… 
It still baffles me that these marvel games are system exclusives 
Only for switch? 
I support your right to 1A, but I also love Star Wars and Marvel, I wear cargo shorts because I carr… 
"Ad:" Comics: 1976 MARVEL COMICS THE INHUMANS #3 #5 #6 #7 #6 RARE 30 CENT VARIANT LOW GRADE 
10 days! #10daystogo #marvel #movie #cinema #avengers #ironman #captainmarvel #captainamerica #thor #hulk… 
#AvengersEndgame Final Trailer Takes Us Through 10 Years Of Marvel Cinematic Universe History #Marvel #MCU 
Fun Facts About Venom the Biggest Comic Fans Don't Know #horror: With the full feature film Venom (2018) releasing… 
I don’t want to sit through a 3 hour movie and know what’s going to happen. For the love of God keep spoilers to yo… 
“Before we’re done, we still have one promise to keep.” Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame is in theaters in 10 days.… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Cull Obsidian Left Leg BAF Build a Figure Ant Man Series - NEW  Flyi… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Vintage Wave Pizza Spider-Man Figure Retro Loose  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Kree Sentry left arm BAF new Captain Marvel  FlyingTreasures 
How long before either Marvel or DC hire to design a comic charicters uniform for a movie? 
Yeah, it sucks that once this architectural marvel burns down nobody will be able to pray ever again… 
Fight against? We want everyone to be tolerant of our beliefs and what we like but then laugh at a man for crying!?… 
Gonna be good. 
I'm ready... 
what’s the go with nearly 1 week early screenings of Endgame that stuff got leaked so fast your damage cont… 
The hype video of every single Marvel movie leading up to Avengers: End Game will have you ready to fight Thanos yo… 
“Before we’re done, we still have one promise to keep.” Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame is in theaters in 10 days.… 
Wait until you find out about marvel fans 
“Whatever it takes” ughh I’m so ready! 
I’m fragile please stop talking 
Keep making good choices, lol! 
After yesterday’s fire, I have decided I will revisit Chartres(for the 4th time) while in F… 
HYPE TRAIN PASSANDO CHOO CHOO  
MARVEL WTF, WHY DO YOU HATE ME??? 
You loom fantastic 
Let’s see if this can be a trend. 10 days until Endgame, draw one of your top 10 favorite Marvel characters in any… 
And now, marvel not at all? 
Be glad you missed it. I wasn't sure that what I was watching was real until it was too late. 
Ah, not really. I can marvel at the genius of man without the need for superstitious sky-father hooey. 
me: marvel pls stop spoiling all the clintnat scenesmarvel: y’all were right, clint is smiling at nat in the ship… 
should just disable the live chat and comment section 
Job posting: social media coordinator for Marvel 
The marvel is that we were here at all, and for some 242 years free. But now we are too stupid, simply not understa… 
AVENGERS 4 ENDGAME Iron Man new Suit Trailer (NEW 2019) Marvel Superhero... via 
Marvel Fans Fleeing Social Media After Huge #AvengersEndgame Leak - 
July should be a great month! 
LOS MARGINADOS: Explained: Notre-Dame – architectural marvel and m... 
‘It’s almost miraculous’: Tiger Woods’s return from back surgery is a medical marvel - The Washington Post… 
Forbes: Box Office: 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Tops $900 Million, 'Us' Passes 
I really hate this being Nintendo switch only next I grew up playing ultimate alliance on ps2 and ultimate… 
Switch exclusive? Bahaha now that is rich! 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order release date announced! 
I would take a bullet for which is very unnecessary since she’s Captain Marvel and her powers ARE. REAL… 
A Captain Marvel Sticker On My Banana Lol! Marvel Marketing Is Unbeatable!  
Wow, Cassini-Huygens probe was a marvel, enduring nearly 20 years, 13 of them orbiting Saturn. 
EL DISPENSADOR: Explained: Notre-Dame – architectural marvel and m... 
Please port the first 2 games i'll be so happy  
Plankton’s reaction when Spongebob tries to spoil #AvengersEndgame for him and millions of Marvel fans. 
Marvel finally letting the mutants come back and play with the other kids, smh should’ve just bought Fox before MVC… 
can my captain marvel pop arrive thank u 
Your friendly neighborhood Spiderman! This Fatty topfold wallet, featuring everyone’s favorite webslinger, has 4 ca… 
Excited for this one! 
Not only is this the best Anno has ever been, it's truly the best game to come out this year. It's a marvel. 
Everyone is all “PS5!” And I’m all “Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 has a release date!”Take note, 
PS4 game load times will also be quicker. Example given showed Marvel's Spider-Man fast travel taking 0.8 seconds instead of 15 seconds. 
Makes sense. I’ve got no problem playing this on the Switch. 
Why not Switch first?? Switch is awesome! If I could have some of… 
Their whole love story still makes my heart swell 
Infinity War Endgame | Funko Mystery Minis | Blind Box #AvengersEndgame… 
ABOUT. FUCKIN'. TIME. We waited 10 years for a sequel. 10 YEARS!!! I see Storm, so the X-Men is joining the fight. 
Because NOBODY was looking forward to Captain Marvel. Because people LOVE to be calle… 
My birthday is April 21st.I will be off from work for 5days. I will dedicate my time re watching all the marvel m… 
Wolverine is set to take on the daywalker, Blade, in a one-shot issue from Marvel Comics this July. Wolverine vs. B… 
Dr. Strange lookin' metal af 
I know it might be hard for people to believe but some people really do care about an architectural marvel that is… 
Captain Marvel steals a guys motorcycle simply because the guy told her to smile yet I don't hear… 
Marvel fans seeing Red Skull on Vormir/ Coulson in AoS/Loki in The Avengers/ probably everyone in Endgame: “Ohhh sh… 
Alright, let’s fix that partner how about I pick you up and we go watch Captain Marvel and also I give you money for the haircut ? 
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix To Win The Streaming Wars via 
Probably just a timed exclusive 
Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order Release Date Announced #Marvel #Switch 
Ok cool but when is mother 3 coming 
Pre-Order: Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 (S) $59.99 via Best Buy. New Box Art. 
thanos switch thanos switch 
The company is doing well but I don't like the olady of it an… 
Eliza T is so bloody adorable &amp; a funny Aussie gal 
Didn’t know there were 3 Spider-men in this game! 
Deadpool confirmed yes I hope he's voiced by John Kassir. 
Endgame’ and Leading Marvel Studios – Variety 
Definitely 
This looks amazing!! 
Okay but like... 
I really don't understand what she's trying to accomplish here, Next thing… 
Someone said that Captain Marvel was a better movie than A New Hope? 
And in 850 years people will still marvel at the amazing patience, persistence and grace humans devoted… 
Hate posting this but #Endgame Spoilers have leaked online!! My suggestion is to avoid any #'s, block key words on… 
Captain marvel again today cant wait to see my number one fave yon rogg 
Check this Domainer out Marvel Studios&amp;#39; Avengers: Endgame - Official Trailer 
I would be pleased to put in $10 ml in rebuilding an 800yr old historical master piece of which we h… 
I’m pretty sure that my love of Star Wars, Star Trek, Marvel and fantasy are the least of my undateable traits 
Dress like Capt. Marvel did when she had the flanel around her waist. 
Cap wields mojlnir.   Hulk loses arm. Cap marvel has short haircut.. lol. Block me.. idgaf!!! 
might have made one of the dumbest tweets ever. The Stars Wars and Marvel movies are pretty good but… 
I marvel every day at how you and other so called journalist are now activist. Report all sides of a story… 
thinks Captain Marvel is better than every Marvel movie to date, even Iron Man 3. 
I would block keywords if you're gonna be on there lol Marvel, MCU, Endgame, Avengers etc 
Let's share this #ShameonyoumarvelAll these leakages are fault. 
Both exceptional answers, step aside Captain Marvel, Borgar boi is gonna save the avengers 
Whispers. I still haven’t watched captain marvel 
Somebody give captain marvel some fucking emotion please she looks the same for everything 
i think i muted all my marvel mutuals 
I think it does have an unusual   factor. Some people marvel at it/ think it’s cool. Some joke they fee… 
i cant believe how long i’ve been waiting for this i’m a marvel stan account again everyone shut up 
New episode just dropped! Come check it out! #MarvelStrikeForce #Marvel on #Podbean 
Have you already seen Captain Marvel? 
Tuesday Team the Original #Xmen #Marvel 
It wouldn't be a Marvel movie without a Stan Lee cameo. Can't help but wonder how they'll pull this off in the futu… 
I'm concerned...#comic #art #drawing #comics #illustration #sketch #artist #cartoon #manga #anime #draw… 
Disney+ will be available on November 12th for $6.99 a month  vía 
Que vergonha Marvel! PARE os vazamentos!Shame on you Marvel! STOP the leakages!#shameonyoumarvel#AvengersEndgame… 
I’m married.. in my early 50’s and a huge Marvel and Star Wars fan.. my wife and son enjoy it too..… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Avengers Endgame 2019 Captain America Figure  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends THANOS BAF HEAD (from Hercules) Hasbro Avengers End Game MCU  Flying… 
Lesser blessed men marvel at his beard’s glory. 
Comparing any of Marvel's feets to "like batman" is enough to make me want to punt that post into the sun 
i made it through the marvel stan phase... i just gotta make it through the persona bts phase... 
Day 15 of 365 Life Lovings: Confidence#LifeLovings #LifeLovings365 #MondayMarvels  4.15.19 (catch up). . . Con… 
Marvel Future Fight Hack Free Gold and Crystals Generator – Hack 
If you can deliver urine as easily as the other then this is or was another option, Captain Marvel! 
Tons of marvel stuff keeps popping up on my feed as the day gets closer. I'm going to try out the mute a word featu… 
I met #Thanos in 1995 - fighting along side the Marvel Super Heroes - #Endgame 
Absolutely. One of the things I always loved about Marvel is the way they could make a regular person int… 
hi! Can you tell me whether the ms marvel vol 10 TP includes all issues from 31 to 38? Wherever I look, I see it contains 31 to 36! 
Hey a Marvel movie that rests its entire plot on saving Michelle Pfeiffer...I get the rewatch 
#PREVIEW: AGE OF X-MAN AMAZING NIGHTCRAWLER #3 (OF 5) #comics… 
INFORMANT ALERT!Geeks And Nerds, nearly 5 minutes of Avengers Endgame has been leaked onto the net. So please exe… 
So in that logic, they are the size of a fighter jet in captain marvel which avenger came from.  The irony is killing me 
because marvel has not removed video yet most people are sharing spreading spoiler 
Nah if you think like this girl your a peice if shit, this is exactly how I get with watching new marvel trailers w… 
lrt i’m probably the only person who has never watched a marvel movie,,,,,, 
This is the greatest thing you will see today #guardiansofthegalaxy #marvel #rocketraccoon #gotg #raccoon 
Jack, that’s dumb. Yes, Notre Dame is most importantly a Holy Roman Catholic Cathedral. It is also an… 
A few images from Marvel comics 1976 adaptation of The Hunchback of Notre DameCover art by Gil KaneStory by Vict… 
We are Venom! #venom #rvrsuperheroes #superheroes #marvel 
#Thanos 2nd appearance terrific #jimstarlin art 
dear marvel:if you even dare harm tony stark; i will not hesitate to have a lawsuit slapped across your faces.… 
bucky,marvel,bucknat,sebs 
And yet we don’t have a Cockroach Men in the marvel cinematic universe 
One of the finest attackers of space with ball on feet in the continent, if not the best, great with t… 
Captain Marvel - has a chick in it.  Not sure its a "Chick Flick"??? 
Can not trust Marvel fans after what they did about their fake Captain Marvel 
Cloud based gaming: Ultimate Marvel Vs. Capcom 3 
The Endgame leak feels a lot like the trailer that Marvel couldn't give us. A bunch of cool, random scenes that get… 
Miss America! #upperdeck #marvel 
Day 10 of the MCU marathon. Guardians of the Galaxy volume 1 &amp; 2! Watched these back to back to get the scope of it… 
Thanks for the update French person. I am sad for your loss. Created wonders are g… 
I love how Marvel is not having any of the Avenger’s who “died” do any promo for the new movie in an obvious attemp… 
Ok, that did it for me. She is the WORST. I actually liked her movie (kinda) but SHE WAS THE WEAKE… 
I want to see this marvel back to its full strength as much as anyone, I just have some vie… 
‘Marvel’ fans beware — massive ‘Avengers: Endgame’ footage leak hits Twitter, Reddit #USA #US #USBiz 
"Ad:" Fantasy: 2015 MARVEL LEGENDS 6" HOGGOBLIN BAF DAREDEVIL ACTION FIGURE NEW MOC RARE HTF… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Mystique Walgreens Exclusive X-men 6-inch Action Figure NEW RARE  Fl… 
marvel,loki,wanda,chems,ant man and the wasp... 
. . . blackhearted turpitude believe it or not) this marvel would be but a vision and no… 
I think I speak for all #StarWars fans when I say I've been patiently waiting for the Holdo - Maz Kanata team-up wr… 
Marvel Future Fight Hack Free Gold and Crystals – No Survey 
Avengers Endgame: Captain Marvel Brie Larson shuts down Thor aka Chris Hemsworth, watch viral video… 
The final Stan Lee cameo will appear in Avengers: Endgame and it is a heartbreaking end of an era… 
We can feel the genuine emotion of them. Thank you Avengers! Our heart is yours! #AvengersEndgame #marvel… 
It was my favorite until Captain Marvel came out  
Google partners with Marvel Studios for exclusive Avengers Endgame Playmoji on Pixel 3 
Game Marvel's Spider-Man - PlayStation 4 &lt;&lt; R$ 99,90 
late to the party but captain marvel is extremely good, actually 
LMAO. Awesome. NEXT STOP, MARVEL STUDIOS. 
Can we petition to incorporate that someone dropping spoilers for blockbuster/franchise films (Sta… 
'Marvel' fans beware — massive 'Avengers: Endgame' footage leak hits Twitter, Reddit 
‘It’s almost miraculous’: Tiger Woods’s return from back surgery is a medical marvel 
$DIS:‘Marvel’ fans beware — massive ‘Avengers: Endgame’ footage leak hits Twitter, 
Struck by Genius: How a Brain Injury Made Me a Mathematical Marvel - -  buy now    From… 
Marvel movie marathon includes: Spiderman Homecoming, Thor Ragnarok and Avengers Infinity War 
Shhhh girll the russos and feige knows how to mess with the audience theres a chance na its a dele… 
a star is bornlegendwho am icapitan marvel 
 captainmarvels: Captain Marvel + MCU 
 superheroesincolor: DIAMOND SELECT TOYS Marvel Gallery Black Panther Movie Killmonger PVC Diorama ... 
It was not too many years ago I stood outside that amazingly beautiful architectural marvel. It was moving, it was… 
"Ad:" Marvel Legends Daredevil Action Figure 6 Inch Shelf-wear  FlyingTreasures 
Inking Submission - Marvel Inhuman Issue 1 Page 4 by Joe Madureira. #marvelcomics #marvel #inhuman #comicart… 
‘It’s almost miraculous’: Tiger Woods’s return from back surgery is a medical marvelSpinal surgeons were just as a… 
Marvel fans are being "birdboxed" by DC fans to watch the leaked Avengers Ending. #AvengersEndgame leaked 
Inking Submission - Marvel Inhuman Issue 1 Page 3 by Joe Madureira. #marvelcomics #marvel #inhuman #comicart… 
Inking Submission - Marvel Inhuman Issue 1 Page 2 by Joe Madureira. #marvelcomics #marvel #inhuman #comicart… 
Inking Submission - Marvel Inhuman Issue 1 Page 1 by Joe Madureira. #marvelcomics #marvel #inhuman #comicart… 
Anyone with an HD version of Captain Marvel? Or know where I can download it? 
