I'm watching Finding Neverland (2004) #trakt 
The 100 Best Movies on Hulu Right Now - Vulture 
A new movie was added to the media server:Taxi Driver (1976) [MPEG4 · 720p · R · 8.3/10] is now available in the M… 
 cabrona210: Bull Durham, one of my favorite baseball movies. 
Oh no the new Star Wars movies are inclusive and include more than just a token woman… 
Rupert Grint, Ron Weasley in the Harry Potter movies wanted to be an "Ice Cream Man", he bought an ice cream truck with his HP money 
He’s a piece of crap, I will never watch one of his lame movies again. Haven’t watched anything he’s… 
First you should apologize to Muslims for what you did in Veere Di movie, it's against Islam, also ensure to appear… 
sweett #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers… 
love uuu #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers… 
lovely #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers… 
Still trying to convince myself to get out of bed and get snacks so I can enjoy these movies n series I have to catch up on 
best #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers #IndyFuel… 
#Movie "Slaughterhouse" (1987) 
cool #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers #IndyFuel… 
If you aren't sure which movies to watch on Netflix, I recommend these thrillersThe giftThe loft1922FractureTh… 
Best Artists 2017 #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa… 
Sexy #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers #IndyFuel… 
Catalogs of all streaming services in Australia sucks - Just does not have any of those movies that you want to watch 
I made hubby sit through  episodes of 'Say yes to dress' and 'I want that wedding'. Now i have to sit through his h… 
The two best movies I've watched this past week 
Only those two seasons tho they got mad movies tho 
 #returnofkesaricomingsoonproduces  and directed by iteledicon01#waitforit #blockbuster #kasarithemovie… 
pls suggest some funny movies on Netflix/stan that I should watch x 
Arnold Schwarzenegger is not using his gun but we watch his movies aowa banna  
I Didn’t Get The Happy Ending I’m Used To When Watching These Type Of Movies And They Act Like We… 
I’m going to spend my Sunday in  the dark watching movies that make no sense, with actors I’ve never heard of. I’m… 
Clint Eastwood to Direct #Movie About Fake News Victim Richard Jewell - #ClintEastwood movies rock. #RichardJewell 
You’re telling me David and Mick  were a gay couple in the 70s who went out to see gay movies together, bought each… 
Girl are you stupid? Haven’t you seen that kangana has fought with every d… 
I been so bizzy lately I had a date to the movies yesterday and slept all day smh 
Instead of watching movies - i decided to catch up on #TheQueenMzanzi  - im dead in laughter  
watched 'The Weeping Woman' at the movies yesterday. OK. i love horror movies. but went to #CarouselShoppingCentre… 
New Single Deck Blackjack Single-Deck Blackjack is the most sought after blackjack game at Bovada. Immortal… 
Lawrence &amp; this chain of movies ki intha craze vundha  
Trying to get better at illustrating. Can you guys tell this is Austin Powers? #Movies #TV 
Hit me up with movies to watch off Netflix with the kids. 
Just curious, what is the role that you like best  for each of the following: Kadir Dogulu, Serkan Çayoglu, Kaan Yi… 
Fact, the goblins in the Harry Potter movies were modeled directly after Neil Warnock. I D… 
I regret watching Middle-Earth movies. It’s stuck in my head thinking. On the other hand, amazon release the Middle-Earth series already! 
What happened to monday and Tyler perry movies 
Watching Mr Deeds for the first time in yearsss. One of my favourite movies 
Take note. So where does the media (series, movies and sport) come from? 
"Ad:" THE RETURN OF DRACULA + THE VAMPIRE New Sealed DVD Midnite Movies Double Feature  f… 
That's pretty cool. You could make one like this for a Deadpool mask as well. I thought it was weir… 
Today is for movies and preferably also cuddles 
In all honesty though, there will always be haters of each generation of movies. I was lucky enough to… 
Top Ten Favorites of 2007:1. There Will Be Blood2. No Country For Old Men3. The King of Kong4. The… 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost - 
#Movie "Little Old New York" (1940) 
Seems to me you people in Hollywood have lost your imagination. You bring back old movies now old… 
In the Justice League audio commentary, Mike had the genius idea of just having movies… 
since Captain Marvel is our in cinemas and Avengers: Endgame is coming out soon, please can you… 
OMG Watch PET SEMATARY 2019 Free In HD Now =&gt; #movies #Video #horror 
A lot of you guys have beeen asking wha gym top fav marvel movies are and today, I will tell you :-)5. Avengers 4… 
Approach to Love II 
MOVIE REVIEW: 'Little' star Marsai Martin holds her own next to Issa Rae and Regina 
Nero Video 2019 20.0.2014 Nero Video 2019 will turn your videos into extraordinary movies with easy. This Nero so… 
This is long overdue I suggest a series of movies to follow. Can’t get enough of the Karate Kid! Co… 
I went on a rewatch marathon of old movies lol 
Lil boat can not act! That was horrible! Dc need more roles he could be super funny in movies in the future! #HowHigh2 
Tonight was Hella love Felt like one of them movies I Felt like ball player like Bird or Magic or some  Precia… 
Catch this mini-series on  #Viu.  4 stand alone episodes, perfect for the long weekend. Sign up to Viu Premium and… 
no complaints from me, then. we good.i'm just tired of seeing the endless tirades from people who cont… 
Rewatching the MCU movies made me realize something.Aside from the top 5 and the bottom 4, the other 12 MCU movie… 
god and love are with you.sometimes life and love are like movies, andmore amazing than movies,mor… 
gave "#Us" a 4/5 (so did I!): 
When I was 4 months pregnant the person at the movies asked my partner "is that one adult and one chi… 
What is the purpose of those colourful feather dusters that are carried by the queens in Nollywood movies? 
I need to watch these Marvel movies before Endgame.  
It's 3:37am and no I'm not having a problem sleeping, my ambition woke, don't blink for this move. ..… 
my whole week literally consisted of:- self loathe- late nights- netflix - action movies - romance movies- ic… 
Our love for black love movies you're a real one. And you're incredibly beautiful 
The 10 Most Original Horror Movies of The 21st Century 
10 Upcoming New Horror Movies from Full Moon Include ‘Subspecies V’ and Solo Film ‘Blade: The Iron Cross’! 
Give me website were i can download movies please 
Yes, these are mine Some movies are still missing, but I'm working on it  
 all the movies I'm watching have something to do with running. Ke sure it's a sign 
my tv, which i’ve had for quite a few years now, is Fucked. i’m sick of only watching movies on my laptop. plus eurovision is next month. 
Um my coto movies app is just not opening 
How Emma Stone — Who Battles Anxiety — Works to Shatter Mental Health Disorder Stigmas - 
I've been watching Keeping up with the Kardashians marathon on E! for 3 days in a row just because there's no shows or good movies on 
This is child abuse! Always liked her as an actor, but like so many others i can no longer watch their movies.#sick 
Movies used to have 5 minute intros  
True Detective Pikachu Trailer is Pure Nightmare Fuel #DetectivePikachu #Movies #Nintendo #ThePokemonCompany #TV 
Check it out! The Easter Bunny left a new podcast on our website, iTunes and GooglePlay!Tyler, Chris and Scott tal… 
#Movie "Jane Doe: Now You See It, Now You Don't" (2005) 
Four LGBTI classic movies headed to Blu-ray for first time 
2 new Stephen King works to be adapted for the screenBangor Daily News-2 hours agoThere are two more additions to… 
At the Movies: ‘Breakthrough’ 
Watch Black Summer Tv Series Full Movies Online Free HDPlay_here~( )A boy is given the a… 
Ship out the Broly Movies already 
Life is not like a movie. Movies are snippets &amp; moments we have all(most of us) experienced and put into the moment… 
The Lion King and All the Other Disney Movies Being Released in 2019 and 2020 
Egg-spect  an evening of family fun at our first ever outdoor movie screening of Hop  Rain plan, movie in the Gl… 
Toni Morrison Documentary 'The Pieces of Me': Premiere Date, Facts - Oprah Mag 
This is one of my favorite performances by Jake Gyllenhaal. As a satire it’s outstanding. ‘The Insider… 
I’m  living my best life watching Disney Channel movies but WHERE TF IS LIZZIE!!!!! 
Bhai, don't say you have enjoyed while watching Kalank when you take interviews of its star… 
 THE WICKED HOURS -Remake of the Primary Colors -Inspiration from many Tv shows like (Titans, Sharp Objects… 
He does in his movies 
I know you meant the new one. I'm just saying, I hold those old Bronson movies as the pinnacle of revenge… 
This Is The Order Of #Marvel Movies After Captain Marvel 
"If a million people see my movie, I hope they see a million different movies."– Quentin Tarantino 
I figure it's just that Steve sees Howard as a young man, short and fiery, while Tony only ever sees him fro… 
I wish I lived in the ‘80s... some of the best fashion, amazing music, the best movies, great sports, and peak American culture 
Those out of town developers are always the worst in Hallmark movies #CountdowntoSummer 
This weather is perfect for staying indoors and watching movies. 
When you walk out of a theaterin the middle of this movie feeling insulted for having an hour of your life wasted y… 
"Get Out" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
My friend Doug and I were talking about how major movies are essentially dumb and lacking in depth by pointing out… 
From Joy to Sadness and Back-Again: Watching Home Movies from 16 years ago 
Northeast’s first anthology film screened in Guwahati, Assam 
I just found out there's set to be 3 more kung fu panda movies. Imma snacc thatt 
Netflix wants to stop calling romantic movies 'chick flicks' 
I don't tend to like wine talk in these Hallmark movies but escargot has potential #CountdowntoSummer 
#SomeoneGreat director breaks down her favorite songs from the epic soundtrack #Musicophile 
Less than a week until Endgame and I still haven't decided which movies we're gonna rewatch in preparation, and we… 
These Ted movies are getting more and more low budget. 
Great title. Now to bring it home with the film. 
Look at you, you modern thing.Watching movies made in colour! 
Actually kids can go to PG-13 movies without restriction, which is fo… 
Bae ke kgathetse ke di mall Let’s sometimes stay indoors watch movies  
Also, that dude was a straight STUD.And a great man.And could act.And this film. Whoa. Cinematography, writing.… 
Maybe if you focused more your films than benign descriptive phrases, maybe then we wouldn’t suffer th… 
im getting this is one of the Star Wars movies (except The moon 
I would have thought teens would have grown out of superhero movies by that point 
Samwise and Frodo really think they’re about to go home and have some delicious second breakfast. Y’all still have… 
waconzy - #Enjoy  Oscar-nominated director John Singleton, best known for the movies "B… 
I don't have any kids, I just borrow the ones I find and take them to the movies 
Yeah agreed, but I also think this whole Snyder thing is being held like its more important than i… 
Lol apparently Nthabiseng was there to take some movies and series. That time, Nthabiseng lives 60ks away...and she took the bus 
Unpopular opinion, superhero edition; I am not interested in superhero movies. Avengers #21? No ty 
Paul NewmanCool Hand LukeOne of the best actors, best movies. Holds up. Every time. 
My favorite movies are also my favorite books.  So both. 
Easter alone means egg salad because deviled eggs are too much work, bacon because... let’s be honest, it’s better… 
Glass (2019)  #trakt 
Earlston J. Cameron aka Earl Cameron, is a Bermuda-born British actor. Now 101 y.o., he was among the first Black a… 
I just watched Glass (2019) #trakt 
#Movie "Discursion" (2012) 
The Way I Watch So Many Movies At The Cinemas Per Month ...  The Black Card From does nothing for me… 
10 Best '90s Action Movies To Watch Today - Screen Rant 
#cheapest most #trusted #hosting for #websites #forums You don’t need a computer science de… 
The New York Times Television, Movies"What’s on TV Sunday: ‘Motown 60’ and ‘Book Club’" by GABE COHN via NYT 
Free Movie Download: Earn your financial FREEDO!!!  : 
It’s a beautiful name. I’ve heard it on TV in Latina movies. 
Favourite book, for sure! You can fit so much more in to a book... Character development, complex plot… 
I so desperately wanna film and edit short movies and star in them, I want videos to make fake trailers and shit 
binge watching movies on Saturday night  
Church then posibly visit the park  with wify n kids...drinks later whiles kid enjoy movies  
I had to ask my pal that loves the movies - I haven't actually watched them despite my THIRSTY THIRSTY… 
Finally saw Into the Spider-verse, and I have to say that it reaffirmed my belief that Miles Morales is as awesome,… 
Awesome, what movies? 
One of my all-time favorite Jimmy Stewart movies!  That and Vertigo. 
Any good netflix movies you guys know of? 
Every Arnie movie of the 80s belongs in the "Most 80s movies ever!!" 
Tokyodoll Madina T Making Movies BTS HD Video 006 
I also find it funny that on the week of ENDGAME'S release, it's the X-MEN movies that you chose to binge  
Nothing beats being at home, laying in your bed &amp; doing absolutely nothing. Soccer. Movies. Soccer. Soccer. Repeat. 
Sterland was the plug with cheap movies shame 
Loved watching those movies when I was younger. Commercials and all! 
shout out to all of my homies that’s always showing me new stuff whether it’s new food, new music, new movies, new… 
Oscar-nominated director John Singleton, best known for the movies "Boyz n the Hood" and "Poetic Justice," is in in… 
Rebel Wilson Pleaded Against The Hustle's 'R' Rating to a MPAA Arbitration Jury and Won #Movies #TV 
 How have you not done Tequila Sunrise?  One of the most WOKE 80’s movies of all time.  Strong fem… 
Wisconsin Man Steve Ruppel Saw ‘Captain Marvel’ 116 Times To Set Guinness World Record #Movies #TV 
Tonight's movie #Matrix the game is #Township with friends and the world #Movies #Games relaxing oh yeah 
Who wants to invite me over for movies ? 
"The film’s intimate consideration of still-enormous issues is intelligent, surprising and emotionally resonant." 1… 
You'll never guess who is! 
#authorschallenge2019 ••Day 15 - This Inspires Me••Inspiration is everywhere for me. I find it in the books I… 
Watching my American war movies. "A few good man" would be my ultimate 
Watch movies and drink with my married friends  
I think they fight in one of the Fast and Furious movies! 
I want y'all to know wi literally own all the movies thus guta I'm simply because when I was 6 I was obsessed with… 
drive thru movies are the best  
And so it begins...One week. 20 movies. Pure heaven. #mcu #youcantstopmeyoucanonlyhopetocontainme #captainamerica… 
I’m glad that whiny, entitled, fan boys like don’t have a say in Star Wars.  You’re too ignorant to… 
I probably say this a lot but hey there are so many more great horror movies than we'll ever know 
Man I LOVED those movies 
"Ad:" Urban Nightmares: 10 Horror Movies (DVD, 2013) | BRAND NEW  flyingtreasures 
Up watching movies... when I’m usually sleep 
100% recommend going to watch “Breakthrough” it is probaly one of the best movies i have ever watched! 
He’s watching the Saw movies with me  
Netflix thinks all these apocalyptic movies are okay??? I flex by watching the first 15 minutes then quitting out t… 
Missed you bro bro  we have movies to discuss about you knowww 
out of all the movies you have been part of which one is your favorite and why? #BigFan 
Notre Dame Cathedral: Disney pledges $5M to rebuild 'Hunchback' home: USA Today 
I think everyone should be following him! This guy is a multi-award winning cinematographer whose career is blowing… 
Lmao. Comparing two completely different movies with different ratings… 
Me: &lt;browsing movies for rent on Amazon&gt; Sees on the recently added to Prime list The Shawshank Redemption, a mov… 
staying in wt my man &amp; watching movies is probs my favorite type of days 
Whoops! 
Approach to Love 
Spirited away is one of my all time favorite movies. I think you would enjoy it a lot.  
Think about it. U kile oa itloa language e mo e maAmerika a na e bua e nese African lan… 
Connor MacLeod - The Highlander#connormacleod#connormacleodoftheclanmacleod#moviewallpapers#moviewallpaper… 
Aside from the high ratings in Korea. You can see the intense support of International fans for #Encounter by looki… 
What's Leaving Hulu in May - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Movies = Vacation 
Mana Telugu ki aa rap kastham yemo...oka vela chesinaaa overaction ani hero ni kummu… 
We have movies made from the Bible like the Ten Commandments and Jesus of N… 
I mostly don't want to change.  I am not doing anything bad.  I eat well, am getting into shape, make art, write, l… 
The nightmare doesn’t plague me in the same way it did as a kid. I only have the nightmare… 
he is very talented and brings a lot of nuance! (I was so excited when they cast him as Bilbo but then… 
One of my top 5 fave movies. I was 17 and never cursed, then I watched pulp fiction at the theater and… 
Good god those movies. I’m waiting for the releases. 
watched #kavaludaari . Superb movie and acting my you and of course our legendary Ananthnag Sir. Su… 
What movies still to come this year are you most excited for? 
Jackie Chan is my favourite weapon. I love watching his movies. 
2) These very same people idolize strong characters in movies and on tv. Chuck Norris, Sylvester Stallone, Arnold S… 
Long weekends are for relaxing with the family. Are you sorted with movies &amp; series? Contact us for your closest DS… 
Nice weather for movies n wine 
Now you're randomly comparing two movies. lmao. Clueless af. Bye. 
YOU FUCKING IDIOT HYPOCRITE! ONE OF THE BIGGEST ISSUES IN GOVERNMENT, IS ACTOR'S DON'T REALIZE! WE BOUGHT YOUR ENTE… 
Eating popcorn, watching sappy highschool drama movies: is this what the rest my life will be like? 
The worst are those that watch movies at full volume in the next bathroom stall. Those guys....jebus h kristopherson. 
I'm downgrading after Football season and come back on August since you will be playing old and outdated movies. 
I love all of these movies, but you're all wrong. Whisper of the Heart is the only correct answer. 
Is it just me or are there no scary movies any more  
Then you will repeat old movies. 
2014 was a legendary year for movies all together. Every genre had a great movie. 
They copy things they see from soapies and movies. 
No actor has or ever will surpass Cazale’s 1.000 movie batting average. He was in five perfect movies. 
They put it in for all of their old animated shows and movies. I don't rea… 
I hate the fact how easily took away the Tinkerbell’ movies like how am I supposed to fall asleep when I’m scared  
Oh don’t get me started. Love the shitty cage action movies 
I've just watched "A Monster Calls" (2016) #trackt 
The blatant racism in old Disney movies Dumbo or Peter Pan in their OG version, I ca… 
Looking good, Jared! 
It's nice in movies but I wouldnt go out of my way to listen to it 
I hate searching for movies on Netflix 
INTERVIEW: tells us she relates more to the bad side than the good side of her character in… 
I haven't even read the LOTR books and I still cared about the characters in the movies. You don't need prior knowledge. 
Dying Easter eggs and watching #pureflix and movies with my girls. Loving spring break!!! 
People who love/fear 80s sci-fi retrofuture movies, play tabletop rpg and read books. 
Tonight was great! Had so much fun with my cast mates. Looking forward to doing it all over again tomorrow. Goodnig… 
New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot May Reveal Professor Hulk - 
Someone needs to stop me from watching romantic movies Immediately 
disaster movies that try to be funny are so weird like i'm watching 2012 and everyone in this city except the one w… 
Small town? There's 8 movies showing at once! That's city level stuff there. My local theater plays one movie 4 nights a week. 
Today was really good. Mountain biking, buying cool wheels, amazing food, good moviesGood stuff. 
Those movies are amazing and they should be ashamed of what they do 
Bad or over the top movies have they own charm... like the time I discovered by accident Iron Sky in th… 
If you could only rent just one of the following movies, which would you choose? 
Perfect to stay indoors and watch movies  
Being a Christian-raised Jew in the Bible Belt will never stop being weird for me. The meanings of holidays, of tra… 
Movies can decieve you.. those things just dont blow up 
Example: when I studied abroad in Spain, the Irish girl was amazed at how nice all us Americans’ tee… 
God Awful Movies 187 Reefer Madness 
So can I download some 3D movies and watch with PSVR even if I dont have a 3D TV ? 
Jajajaja, I rarely watch horror movies... not my kind of cliches I suppose. I'm rather a sci-fi, action… 
#Movie "The Ghosts on Hurdle Avenue" (2014) 
I’d say check out the books! It’s an awesome series. The movies are great too though haha 
Jag Är En Gummibjörn - Full Swedish Version - The Gummy Bear Song Animation, animation movies full movies english,D… 
Loved both of those movies. 
3 great movies. You have to be Tarantino fan for Pulp. 
I just watched Thor: The Dark World (2013) #trakt 
I realized with my ranking of the Chris'1. Chris Pine- in 2 franchises I like2. Chris Hemsworth- I… 
When I hear a critic say "this is the worst movie I've ever seen," I always laugh because it means they haven't see… 
i had a lecture in film school about how a lot of formulaic horror movies are sort of accidental fem… 
10 Best TV Shows And Movies To Watch While High via 
Literally sitting here watching movies and drinking Hennessy. Happy 4/20 dude  
Are Agents of Shield and Agent Carter the only Marvel shows that relate in a way to the movies? 
Cold Rock Aspley OPEN Complete your outing with some Cold Rock ice cream from Aspley, Australia's 1st Cold Rock sto… 
Y'all...those movies are amazing!  
It's one of the best Spiderman movies, but you should really go get "Into the Spidetverse" at Redbox while… 
I'm watching Glass (2019) #trakt 
Why do all good kids movies have to be so sad... like c’mon people! We can have some nice feel good films of quality! 
Favorite Film From Every Year You Were Born Meme Fires Up Love of Movies 
better than the movies 
This officer is driving all the way from Bibb county tomorrow just to go to the movies with me. He must like me:  
I'm watching Cold Pursuit (2019) #trakt 
Who’s tryna watch all the Marvel movies before Endgame on Thursday? 
Pet Sematary is soooo weird bro like it’s not like other scary movies. This shit really makes me uncomfortable 
throw me some good movies to watch 
Star Wars: The Force Awakens Teased Episode IX's Title, And No On Knew - 
Because George Lucas made Obi-Wan disappear in A New Hope without intending on making more movies so he ju… 
So underrated.  One of the best movies of all time. “Does have a little wang to it.  Good though”. 
Where is my boy candyman? Mainly white/asian killers? And more than twice the amount of black… 
“why do they always show people in movies popping pills right before a stressful event, they need to be taking that… 
Connor MacLeod funny#connormacleod#connormacleodoftheclanmacleod#moviewallpapers#moviewallpaper#movie#movies… 
*when someone mentions reading about classic movies and you wanna join* 
I love the Mama Mia movies  
Trancers is pure magic. I met a girl one time who liked ALL Trancers movies and I scr… 
Hell yeah Pirates of the Caribbean was one of my favs growing up. That and the Harry Potter books/movies 
I love Indian movies but they GO SO FUCKING HARD 
Prime Video Recommended Movies: Movies for Cats —Forest Songbirds.  
There are so many new movies in 2018 let's immediately save and visit our official website address here : 
Titanic (Kate Winslet), Just Wright and Last Holiday (Queen Latifah), Hairspray (Ricky  Lake), Muriel’s Wedding (To… 
Colin Trevorrow Jokes That His Star Wars: Episode IX Included A Jurassic Park Crossover - 
Reminder: AQUAMAN is the best DCEU movie and better than not 1, not 2, but 15 MCU movies.This is my opinion and I… 
When I watch scary movies my first defense mechanism is forcing myself to fall asleep. I’m like a fainting goat. 
Someone come watch movies and eat brownies with me! 
'i am the pretty thing that lives in the house' is a terrible movie. even for trashy horror movies it's boring, slo… 
About to watch a quiet place ... I like silent movies.... don’t know why.. just do 
Superhero movies are for children. 
This movie is where I said "someone finally gets it" it's a fantastic comic book movie that is pure J… 
In an industry saturated with superhero movies, #Shazam is original in its essence and can bring an unpretentious a… 
Ending the night watching “The Godfather”.  One of the best movies ever! 
Watching this back we realize we could program solely and flicks, have solid lineups… 
Went straight to a DRAMA of a movie after years of   movies. I was not ready. I should… 
10 movies you must see at Hot Docs 2019, covering everything from Saskatchewan to Gaza | The Star 
Now I am thinking she regrets the ending of Martin. Folks are saying she caused the end. She has t… 
That’s what liberals do - they exclude whites from magazines, movies, plays, reality tv, music, modeling etc ... 
I hate love movies there so cute and I get sad  
I ain’t gon live a normal life I ain’t gon work a 9-5 job I’m gon be extraordinary me and my homies they gon make m… 
I've seen both and I'd say it's just as good! I would also recommend the Godzilla movies but I haven't w… 
If you weren’t already familiar with the movies and you saw the prequels, OT, Rogue One, Solo, TLJ, &amp; TF… 
Why do we only have major nature movies about penguins, why can’t we have a documentary about Komodo dragons or smthng 
I imagine this is how actually watches himself in movies. And for some reason, this makes me very happy. 
Netflix wants to stop calling romantic movies 'chick flicks' via 
I just cried 3 times while watching How to Train Your Dragon 3 in the theater and oh boy the person that ends up wi… 
One of the scariest movies I've ever seen...no lie!!! 
I'm watching BlacKkKlansman (2018) #trakt 
I hate how funny John Cena is in movies. 
Look I’ve got too many good movies to see 
At 19 I had a thing with my 27 yr old co-worker. His reason for not wanting to date me was because he was too old a… 
Now I’m stuck watching kiddy movies ... until she sleep 
Hollywood Knights is one of my favorite movies!  Volare!! 
Trophy. The tusk as well. If you hunt for meat? I get it. This isn’t for food. This is just being a scumbag… 
I’d take new SW movies that are just alt timeline takes. 
Chloë Grace Moretz Says Her Max Landis Film Has Been Rewritten: ‘We’ve Distanced Ourselves From Him’ #Movies #TV 
Absolutely,  sorry I vanished me and my kids were eating ice cream and watching movies 
Just don't forget the CIA is basically evil and probably don't deserve movies to be made about them that aren't cri… 
you just won the “ my favorite person “ with that quote. My dad’s ringtone is “I’m your huckleberry”. One of the best movies. 
So my dad knows horror movies are my favorite, but I get scared really easy. So anytime I’m watching one he will si… 
Bad guys in movies... if you are ever chasing someone and they disappear into a used car lot, parking garage, etc.,… 
I have aps and spreadsheets for games and movies in our library, yet apparently I need something like that for the… 
The BEST Upcoming Movies 2019 (Trailer) via 
If you watched all the Star Wars movies for the first time today and were then asked to pick which film was the “St… 
Yeah those are all great movies 
Christ that was like watching two Schwarzenegger movies making out 
Spirited away was one of my favorite movies growing up!! 
Stream tomorrow or watch all the Harry Potter movies  decisions decisions decisions 
I Am Legend is too 10 movies always. 
Just finished catching up on all #TheLastDriveIn episodes and all the movies rock! Thanks 
Both GREAT movies, both tackle war from such different directions...but...it’s ultimately an easy call 
Movies just don’t hit like they use to 
All ALIEN Franchise #Trailers (1979 - 2017) 
#ChrisHemsworth Is Definitely Down for More #Thor After #AvengersEndgame #Marvel 
exactly. (One of my favorite movies btw) 
LOL And probably after a few glasses of wine. That's how Italian movies roll.  FYI - On the set of Vir… 
I literally can't watch scary movies anymore I get so scared at night  
You gotta admit, The 50 Shades of Grey movies are pretty hot! Now, just gotta watch the 3rd movie &amp; I’m set. The E!… 
We are trying to watch The Crimes of Grindelwald tonight. This film is to movies as the fake pictures in frames for… 
I think in this life and this time, it’s naive to not carry a weapon. I watch thrillers and horror movies frequentl… 
Love those movies 
Finally getting to see #CaptainMarvel.#movie #film #cinema #movies #MCU #Marvel 
walmart was selling a bunch of old pokemon movies for $5 or less so i grabbed a bunch of my favs from when i was yo… 
ice cream and scary movies  
#Movie "Diary of the Dead" (2007) 
I’d imagine we’ll see new X-men &amp; F4 movies within 3-5 years how they’ll fit into Phase 4 will be crazy 
Just found out I love bad Netflix movies 
When you're watching movies and then suddenly blackface 
Save the great John Singleton. The Hood Movie MVP. 
We figured this would be the next step. 
Pick a city. That's the one that gets me, the movies and everything else. 
 FREE FLICKS FOR THE KIDS THESE EASTER SCHOOL HOLIDAYS!All you have to do is dine with one of our participating… 
Don't miss out on these indie gems! 
It’s on Stan if you have that. But 10 seasons &amp; 2 movies will take a while. Plus 5 seasons of Atlantis. I… 
You haven't actually seen those movies huh? 
I kept hearing how a clockwork orange was a great movie so I turned it on. Fuck! This movie sucks so badly. The act… 
While movies puts a bright spin on our favourite characters, nothing beats settling down and rereading all the grap… 
Can we stop making the movies about a dog getting lost and it's voiced by some shitty VA, nothing will ever top Hom… 
I'm not saying I'm Roger Ebert but there are way too many Nicholas Cage movies that I've never heard of. 
I’m literally getting so annoyed. Instead of auto playing the next episode it plays a freaking… 
Okay I’ve never seen Harry Potter (don’t kill me) but woah it’s a reoccurring thing in other kinds of movies too then.. 
Think about how many movies we got before we confirmed it was Thanos. I can’t wait to see what’s next.… 
We used to watch King of Kings every Easter Sunday in Boston. It was a day of biblical movies on the i… 
I didn’t say you were being mean...the comments in general are mean. I did say to you t… 
Thanks so much everyone for your suggestions!  I like them all.I will poll this one just to see what you guys thin… 
 back to watch a good movie ,a film noir but that spinal tap crap was and still is unwatchable    It is insult… 
Finally watched Green Book. Both movies were excellent. 
Madi watches movies part 2: I watched The New Romantic on Netflix. Sugar babies plus Brett Dier. 8/10 recommend 
I don’t like movies because they aren’t realistic. Good night 
I guess Kojima only likes movies that aren't shite. 
When they say "you can't" you say "I will." #LittleMovie is NOW PLAYING. #SignInAndSave now through #EXTRAS for tic… 
Do u like the new movies? 
I partly broke up with my last boyfriend because he never wanted to watch movies and now all he does is watch the m… 
Thanks to BET and Mah to the damn DEA I got to watch Madea’s  happy family.... the play. It was just what I needed… 
We bought a zoo it is still one of my favorite movies. It gets me emotional for literally no reason. 
Mark Mothersbaugh’s RAGNAROK score is easily mu favorite in the MCU. Give me more sweet synth beats in superhero mo… 
The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now - The New York Times 
I go to the movies by myself a lot 
please support this film when it comes out the same way you support Netflix films like Bird Box and To All the Boys… 
Yeah...there should be many more Bible related movies that are “mainstream” in 2019 though!!!  
I get that...but after so many years and other movies made you would think they would update. Lol. I like the cartoon version. 
We are approximately 250 days out from Christmas ... a good time to post a head's up that Hallmark is breaking its… 
Janeane movies. 
I enjoyed my day with my boys; lunch,shopping, and the movies. 
Like honestly a good chunk of these especially ROTJ heavily relies on the environmental aspects and it's as much an… 
#TheTenCommandments is one of my favorite movies.  A true classic. 
"The Rewrite" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I’m bout to go get some ice cream b/c I’m craving something sweet to eat while watching these movies 
I wanna go to the movies or sum shit. 
The Curse of La Llronona was highkey good as fuck, and I actually was scared  movies don’t get me scared. 
Definitely looking forward to ahs84So excited for thatI love the cult horror movies so much. 
what would today’s movies do without camera drones 
Would you please consider adding CHiPs, Benson, Different Strokes, Dukes of Hazzard, Moonlighting, Simon &amp; Si… 
Okay YES I completely failed to mention that Michael Pena also completely made these movies. His character is so great 
I don’t like horror movies 
I watch movies with my projector so lights so is a must. 
are they finally getting rid of them? this happened to you for way too long, also theres a couple movies… 
Now that Bollywood is tired of remixing/ruining Hindi songs, they want to ruin classic m… 
Sounds like Marvel's taking another shot at the Fantastic Four! 
Glass was one of the worst movies I've EVER seen. 
What are some adaptations that are decent movies, but terrible adaptations? #Movies #TV 
What single line from a film always hits for you? #Movies #TV 
Andy Serkis Explains Christian Bale's Motion Capture Performance in Mowgli | Vanity Fair #Movies #TV 
'Godzilla vs. Kong' wraps shooting, set to be released on March 13, 2020 #Movies #TV 
This much I can agree with. For what it’s worth I don’t think the Brosnan movies are the best, he’s ju… 
movies, mall... ehh i can’t think of anything else  
I've been stating for a while now that I'm all for diversity but TV and movies overrepr… 
I love Civil War. I want the to keep making Marvel movies forever. 
Sad movies always make me cry 
That 1956 movie, would be considered iconic. And overall it does present a powerful message. Bu… 
recommended this to me along with the Raid movies, so here I go. 
In 1992, she was preyed upon by a much older man. He was from Chicago. Many pictures &amp; videos were taken. They are… 
Even in cartoons! Just think about how many Disney movies end with a brutal murder. 
You influenced me never to see any of your movies. 
Ant-Man and the Wasp: the Ant-Man movies were just okay, imo. But I really like Paul Rudd so #Marvel 
I have a long ass list of movies that I plan on watching at some point what should I get to tonight? 
Like I totally don’t get the Fast and the Furius movies at all, but I really get a kick out of the fans… 

I wrote a full length screen play when I was 12/13ish, which is weird because I don't watch movies v… 
Time for pizza and binge watching movies 
Omg. Swamp thing!!!!! One of my favorite movies  
my mom is really dragging me to the movies rn and i just wanna be in bed 
Someone Great on is something great! Highly recommend! and LaKeith Stanfield are both tremendo… 
I thought tradition was just a thing in movies  
truly should just start showing lesbian porn movies.. because they are not that far from it now… 
Don’t hate you use to watch his movies  he’s still got more money then you 
Fucking white squall?!  I watched that all the time, terrible movie.  I used to watch terrible… 
I could watch movies every day 
Jamie Lee Curtis was great in Trading Places. Most of you are missing the 1980's and just naming movies. 
 he wasn’t called “ meathead” for nothing. Awe he’s in movies and thinks he’s special. 
Funny how in all of his movies he portrays a non-liberal.  Gues he can’t tell reality from real life. 
I mean, it's all about perspective. They're gonna make their choices, which might be dumb. But if m… 
At least Pete Docter signed it too cause he’s directed all of my favorite Pixar movies  
Watching The Nun because I'm what? Unaware of how low my tolerance for scary movies has become. 
Rented 4 movies:  Instant Family - goodBumblebee - really goodCreed II - really goodGlass - Sucko 
Ok, time to start rewatching all the Marvel Movies, so I can be caught up for this weekend! First up, the Iron Man.… 
Watch Movies-watching movies might make you happier than you weren’t before. You won’t be as bored-Riverdale,… 
#Bingewatch #GOTF Sophie Turner Lady of Winterfell and part1 of #JonDany make friends 
I can't.... I have a weak stomach when it comes to bad movies and useless actors 
Bulls in the Ring on iTunes Podbean or Spotify we rock great interviews and dive into pop culture curre… 
YET HE PRETWNDS TO BE A GANGSTER IN MAMY MOVIES....HYPOCRIT 
Why do you speak in third person like the douchey guy in 80's movies who does nothing… 
100 days / 100 movies - day 7 
Movies are going the downhill route that music &amp; vidjya games has been on. Same derivative, formulaic wo… 
Ya mcm is going to the movies with a girl that friend zoned him 
The movie is still probably better than Generations but still has most of the problems that all TNG movies have. De… 
  Loved this link: I found it here:   #inlinkz #linkup 
#Movie "Getting Worse" (2014) 
Today's Throwback: Summer of '84 (2018) Film #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: After suspecting that their polic… 
FlickChick FlickChick FlickChick FlickChick FlickMy wife’s furious that you think the movies sh… 
So I would definitely recommend starting with The Hobbit, and I would recommend watching the extende… 
So very nicely done. The movies get better and bett… 
The third time I tried to read The Hobbit was after the films had come out, and I enjoyed it a lot m… 
Watching ‘Corpus Delicti’ on TFC.  Ganda!  I don’t usually like action movies pero iba to. Ang galing ni Xian Lim.… 
I don't say this lightly, but the movies are getting better all the time!Instead of silly food fig… 
Haha, absolutely! The general vibes of the movies were pretty well done, even if the story was painful!  
Marvel Fans Think Deadpool Should Take Over Stan Lee's Cameos 
I just want to watch dragon movies 
Juliana Harkavy Is Glad They Made A 'Birds of Prey'-Themed 'Arrow' Episode Before Emily Bett Rickards Left -… 
Green Book (2018)  #trakt 
Oh yeah! What was it about ‘80s movies and panties? Must have been the Japanese influence... 
I can’t wait to be laid up on a Saturday night watching movies with my little family  
I hate when Vin goes to sleep before me. here I am awake watching tv &amp; eating by myself when I wanted to watch some… 
I ADORE bad disaster movies!! 
My answer to As of this moment, what are your three favorite books or movies (or both)? 
Isn't RDJ just the best? 
Watching one of my favorite movies, #TheMalteseFalcon. Bogey was the best. 
Yo why are hallmark movies so fucking corny? It’s so hard not to laugh rn 
Hi there, Mike! We definitely want you to enjoy your favorite movies on the go! When you first access your… 
So great to see back in another movie!  Love her Hallmark movies including this… 
I was at this small movie theater in Kansas City on a school trip in 1996 and the three movies wer… 
$15 for a large coke + popcorn combo at the movies. I literally paid less for the full dinner + dessert I had 
Kind of a no-brainer, if you have a misbehaving child, don't bring them to the movies. Period. I feel like… 
Just when my disdain fades I’m reminded that I spend all my money on women and booze.… 
introduced my 10 year old to Bad News Bears tonight. He enjoyed it , as I did though I have seen it ma… 
I’ve never seen any of the Marvel movies so I’m trying to watch them all before Engame comes out. I’m on Civil War… 
Oliver Reed was in a zillion movies, huh 
Driving enables some freedom.Ms20 is taking a car load to… 
And that’s a wrap here at Historians At The Movies! Thank you to everyone for coming out tonight! That was a fantas… 
Maybe we should have human inspection similar to auto inspection… 
Fair enough. Still doesn't change the fact those scenes do not represent the movies message. Best of luck to ya. 
You know how you see people wear baseball caps in movies as disguises and you’re like oh yea great effort, everyone… 
New post (3 MANY WEDDINGS - English Movies 2018 Full Movie | PREMIERE I Sexy Romantic ...) has been published on  -… 
Home movies from when I was a kid. 
Brooklyn: we are screening The Castle of Cagliostro with tomorrow! Please make it out if you’re in… 
My Cousin Vinny is on and they’ve been doing a #420Marathon all day. I don’t know where the relevances of 4/20… 
Movies: My must-see summer releases for 2019 
Are they watching movies or what??? 
DreamWorks did 2 movies in a year. You can tell which one they gave a shit about. (Shrek 2) Also whi… 
I really dig Fast Color.Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Lorraine Toussaint are so awesome. Saniyya Sidney is also really wond… 
that's cool i need to go make more comic book friends IRL sometime. most people i know just watch… 
Movies didn't exist during the time of slavery in USA. The w… 
. with that brilliant philosophy on life! Another reason to love movies! #EasterUnderWraps #SpringFever 
Me too!I go to the library, a lot. Find some great old movies there. 
I just watched Escape Plan 2: Hades (2018) #trakt 
 Hi! I AM that petson who has watched most all your movies, but must confess like some at least 20X!PS I love your wife too! 
I guess the days of watching movies without microanalyzing their narratives are over. 
Low key like action movies like mission impossible. 
I don't get it through cable, I stream it and some movies TCM can't stream for licensing reasons.… 
I got all dressed up for plans, and then said NOPE and immediately started watching movies in bed because I am very trendy and exciting 
Netflix wants to stop calling romantic movies ‘chick flicks’ 
AND SUCH A GOOD ONE TOO! It’s one of my favorite movies of all time 
Praying!! 
Kate Hudson Shares First Photo of All Her Children Together to Celebrate Birthday: 'This Is 40' 
This is one of my favorite movies.  
I love . I’ve been Watching his movies from the time I was a kid in the 90s. I know he gained so mu… 
Play 1950s 60s 70s 80s 80s 80d s etc Godzilla GODZILLA MOVIES REPLAC… 
It freaks me out that people can actually act in movies and shows 
watching Harry Potter movies... on a Saturday night... by myself... love that for me 
i was less than 5m in before i was sure i liked valley of the dragons. cheesy effects? footage lifted from older ka… 
Hey, I hope u enjoy your break and rest a little  lov u(don’t forget to watch all Harry Potter movies ;)) 
I’m rewatching all the MCU movies and EVERY SINGLE ONE has made me cry 
Got some DVD Movies and a few Blu-ray's for sale again!All DVD Movies are 3 for $10 Only (Not selling individuall… 
#news - Every Italian Netflix Original on Netflix - - Netflix has been slowly pushing out c… 
And yeah, the dialogue has a lightness to it, I think as a response to how dour the first two Thor… 
‘Boyz n the Hood’ director John Singleton in ICU after suffering stroke 
My main hobby — in addition to books, music and movies — has so many facets I can’t be expected to be good at all o… 
No...The filmmakers did not like those movies. 
5 confirmed 'Star Wars' projects are coming after 'The Rise of Skywalker' — here are all the details $DIS  
I guess it would be easier to relate to you don’t like giving up the box of donuts. Just go away.  No one… 
Honesty watched it during a time where very little was coming out in terms of superhero TV or movies,… 
I love his voice. Scared me in those b&amp;w movies when I was a kid. 
i love when movies give the laugh 
Man movies lol are usually sci fi , action  #Gutfeld 
Look I know that the ABC has a mandate to cover all sorts of news, but publishing this kind of thing feels like a s… 
Miracle is still one of the greatest American sports movies of all time 
Little was one of the funniest movies I’ve ever seen. I need a friend like Issa  
Like all blockbusters, they are deliberately made so you don't have to watch any of the preceding movies 
Okay, but seriously. The thing about Kingdom Hearts is that it makes you put up with the most boring slogs through… 
I love zombie movies/shows!  I haven't heard of this show.  I'm going to give it a watch now. 
Probably the only person who isn't in the film at this point. 
Watching The Phantom Menace because I haven't seen it since I was a kid at my dad's house. The only things I rememb… 
John Singleton, 'Boyz n the Hood' director and writer, hospitalized after stroke - CNN 
Emily and I are big movie freaks so I decided to try doing digita only, This is the site I use to get digital movie… 
Any Giving Sunday one of the best football movies of all time. 
Is it possible for blacks to shut the fuck up in the movies???  Narrating and reacting to every fucking scene??   #blacksruineverything 
The problem with the Avengers movies is that they largely flatten out what makes each individual c… 
This is one of our movies this month and I have cried everytime. I hide in the back hoping guests can't hear me 
One of my all time movies!! Have you ever watched “Music of the Heart” with Meryl Stre… 
Makes me wonder why they even play R-Rated movies at all? 
Movies tomorrow? 
He not not that’s what I’m trying to get you to see lolx. All the players I name in the playoffs getting a… 
it's like twitter has spidey sense with you and Hallmark movies #EasterUnderWraps 
You are the only one who thinks it's big business. So, I am not delusional here you are.… 
28 Days Later and all other zombie movies ever. Love In the Time of Cholera. 
I want to be alone but also just want to cuddle and watch horror movies  
Color is just so *dull* in most movies these days, especially after the switch to digital. I love when movies are p… 
Movies that had high budgets and sincerity behind them but they’re really strange 
I’ve noticed this Cats in Cradle theme in every form, songs, shows,movies.I think it… 
changing it up with some sad movies instead of sad songs tonight !!! 
If this movie was a natural continuation of the series in terms of quality and story, the marketing… 
Hey everyone, guess what? Historians At The Movies is trending again tonight! Thanks to everyone for being part of our community!!! #HATM 
So true!!! Love them both! These movies make u so hungry for chocolate. Looks so yummy… 
And also they said that about thanos and now we assume he's gonna die... do you see why you are not l… 
My thing is, look at how Pixar used to market its movies. You didn’t need to know who was in it. Yo… 
I’m not ready for these movies you’re showing. I’ve been tearing up  
So far this year has had the best movies that have been on tv in a long time. Also they are the type of… 
If this is true or not as Sidious used this story to seduce Anakin to the Dark Side in the movies. WHY DOES THIS MA… 
Given they return and it’s not just force ghosts...how do they return from the dead? Plagueis was SAID to be able t… 
I bought all the Matrices movies. I watched one once. My nephew gets the rest. 
Research shows that Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson uses violence to solve his problems in 96% of his movies. 
It was actually really good! Fun, light-hearted with a simple but touching story. Nothing felt forced… 
every once in a while i think i’m cute then i see a realllly pretty girl come to the movies and i realize i’m actually super ugly 
Are ther people that watch movies with the lights on????? 
Kojima-San, you usually watch dubbed our subbed movies? 
I barely watch tv,mostly stream movies 
Hands down one of my favorite movies of all time. 
TCM sometimes has 24 hours of a star’s movies. I loved Vincent’s day 
ohh these #countdowntosummer movies look so good! #EasterUnderWraps 
Y’all gotta stop watching black movies cause you fucking up the culture  
I wish i was an astrophysicist because i speculate in movies about space keep it up! Love knowledge! 
All HELLRAISER Movies Ranked Best to Worst #horror: Master of Horror Clive Barker gave birth to horror icon Pinhead… 
The backlash is because it's merely 'okay', at worst average. Which is unacceptable… 
If we can’t watch movies all day I don’t want you ! 
Still one of my favorite movies. 
You know, movies growing up were very misleading. Take Sky High for an example. That movie made me think I’d be a s… 
#Movie "Funny Money" (2006) 
here's (some of) what i did today* laundry * watched brene brown, the call to courage* made a list of movies th… 
Absurd!  The 3 year old told me so it must be true.  Let them vote too.-----&gt;&gt;&gt;  “Yes, I thought she was a boy, too… 
Unbound Goes to the Movies, the final author panel of the 2019 #UnboundBookFestival.  #booktomovie 
Ha ha. Well, gas stations failing to carry $5 movies is just a symptom of the world coming to an end. B… 
Make House M.D. (№646) photo effect with PhotoFaceFunСategory: Movies - House M.D. #Créateurdephotoenligne… 
What makes Marvel movies better than DC movies? 
I don’t, and I haven’t seen any of the Marvel or other superhero movies. 
the ONLY people I have ever heard say 'nigger' are in the songs, movies and other black p… 
There's different tones to the different movies. I think the Iron Man and Captain America movies w… 
Rather than make something original, #Hollywood makes tired outdated #antiwhite #blackvictim movies and airs t… 
Instead of going to movies, we grilled, had some wine and now drinking margaritas and taking shots of tequila 
BEHIND THE SCENES: willrhodes anna #chrischarais #actor #willrhodes #actors… 
Sounds like there's going to be a lot after the credits. 
Level up your chopstick skills by practicing dipping your dumplings in soy GIVEAWAY: When you din… 
10 movies that everyone is streaming right now 
I’m trynna go 2 the movies 
Just left. He's wearing Champion swimming shorts and carrying a man purse now, but he's gonna make it to… 
Eritrean movies be having the most dramatic keyboard piano music  
We will be discussing this on Galactic Driftwood very soon... #curseoflallorona"The story of La Llorna, the weepi… 
Great Irish tenor who never got to sing much. Quit movies because of it. 
You ever watch apocalyptic movies where the world is just starting to end (i.e. Bird Box) and ever think "my boss w… 
So I bought a new TV today. I wanted something big! I really wanted to buy a OLED but I wasn’t about to spend $8k o… 
Forty-five minutes in and this is definitely some mid-point business.I checked, it’s one of the shorter movies. A… 
You're welcome. I have a pretty good recall for the… 
I don’t know why I always choose to watch movies about animals...I’m not crying, you’re crying  
At the movies and it's literally me and two other single dudes. I like going to movies by myself but this is weird. 
Can we see in more movies?? #EasterUnderWraps #SpringFever #Hallmarkies 
This guy reminds me of when #Hollywood made good movies. 
The Ant-Man movies are more watchable for me than most of the rest of the MCU films. FOR ME 
One of my favorite movies--though it has many flaws--is 'Australia' w/ Nicole Kidman.… 
More funeral scenes in movies need Styx's Babe playing during them. 
Zelda Four Links Adventures THE MOVIE within Breath of the Wild (BEST Fan Fiction on Youtube Movies) 
I guess. It’s just something I’ve seen on shows/movies whether I’m watching on Netflix, a tv, a compute… 
Literally my favorite part of going to the movies is stuff like this. Last night we saw Curse of La… 
Saw the movie today. It's one of the best movies I've ever seen! God is still performing miracles!!! 
Nice work man - it’s great to see your impact on every generation who ha… 
All good movies start with a set of twins 
Oh you lit, I haven't seen half these movies 
Personally, I love when stuff like movies/tv shows/books break the fourth wall. — it's kind of iconic to quote dead… 
I'm watching The Official Story (1985) #trakt 
John Singleton, 'Boyz n the Hood' director and writer, hospitalized after stroke 
Whos Da zero, I never watch his movies or shows! His values are squeed, his theories… 
28 days later has more content in 2 hours than walking dead in like 3 seasons. #Movies #TV 
The 10 best journalism 
This'll trigger the homophobes and transphobes. I  I I I I'm not gonna watch her movies… 
If hallmark movies don’t make you want to fall in love we can’t be friends 
60 Free Film Noir Movies via 
They go a little overboard with the superhero movies nowadays 
Me telling this to a coworker...Him: "what horror movies are you watching before bed"Me: "welp, this is my brain" 
I stopped watching Colbert a long time ago - and I won't watch him ever again for as long as I live.… 
This is why I watch movies and tv shows from the 70s, 80s, 90s, and early 2000s. Why you ask? CAUSE… 
This movie reminds me of a bunch of other movies for some reason.#svengoolie 
The news of Captain Marvel being in 7 movies &amp; Black Widow getting her own movie can’t be posted anywhere without h… 
what was you recommendation for best kids Easter story movies?  Thanks 
I'd argue all of them are solid films. Sure, there are some that are better than others, b… 
#FavoriteFilmFromEveryYearYouWereBorn Meme Fires Up Love of Movies" by 
Don't worry, volcanoes never do anything in cavemen movies.#Svengoolie 
I didn’t think that the DEATH WISH movies could just keep getting better with each installment, BUT THEY DO 
I absolutely adore Evil Dead from top to bottom. I don't think if of it as a remake and more that it exis… 
Marvel's films leading up to #AvengersEndgame in 'real time' order, from Captain America to Infinity War 
Movies about music will be headlining the upcoming Asbury Park Music and Film Festival. One documentary to be featured at the festival… 
how do I sneak a dog into the movies? asking for a friend 
Whenever I see this movie come up in discussions, I'm reminded that this is one of my favorite movies ever. 
Petition for Michael Pena to take Stan Lee’s place as the cameo man we all know &amp; love in Marvel movies. 
First time is airing an Easter movie!  Thank you. We need more Easter movies! Happy Easter… 
It's a lot of movies, and I applaud your commitment! If my Game of Thrones rewatch hadn't occupied so m… 
i can and will critique CPR in tv shows and movies because they’re doing it SO WRONG 
Nobody tell them about those Clash of the Titans movies from 2010... 
If you’re having a bad day, watch “About Time” on Netflix. It’s one of the most lovely and delightful movies I have… 
I’ve rewatched Black Panther a good 10-15 times. Ones the best movies I’ve seen besides Infinity War.Endgame will… 
WHY do shows/movies insist on filming scenes that are so dark that you can’t make out the set/actors? I get creatin… 
I want all movies to be as gloriously violent as THE NIGHT COMES FOR US. Also foreign. THE RAID wa… 
does nobody else find it weird that in kids animal movies the human finds out the animals name that they had before… 
Haha! And you're making movies with/for him too??? Like they wouldn't get out.... 
So we went to the movies todayyy anddd- 
That's never stopped me from sneaking in to see a movie at 2 am the day before the premiere. But the… 
People think I'm nuts for rewatching all of the movies before #ENDGAME, but it's so easy to do becaus… 
I just watched My Neighbor Totoro (1988) #trakt 
The better days of Sandler movies.  He needs to bring the penguin back! 
Spider-Man: Far From Home LEGO Building Sets Revealed - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Yesterday my ex boss said to me with a straight face, that Black Panther was the most important character in the MC… 
Marvel has certainly perfected the sauce so to speak but Downey made the MCU possible by making Tony… 
"It was hot. It was dry. It was full of flies." Read more about the filming of "Field of Dreams," a classic that… 
I'm watching Escape Plan 2: Hades (2018) #trakt 
Do you ever watch anything besides fox trash?  How about… 
#TheTenCommandmentsI’m sorry — the Narrators in these Jesus movies simply don’t get enough credit!  
Been binge watching so many shows and movies on 
i really wish i see another movie with u in it bro movies 
Anyway, please pray for me. I’ve watched horror movies and I know how these things end 
‘Boyz n the Hood’ director John Singleton in ICU after suffering stroke.. 
Here we are at the movies and Kevin pulls out Panda Express from a back pack and goes “you want some”  
Here's Why the Detective Pikachu Movie Almost Cut Mr. Mime #DetectivePikachu #Movies #Nintendo #ThePokemonCompany 
Hello. You can access our On Demand portal by pressing the button labeled On Demand on the remote. It sho… 
Are you afraid of the dark? Watch The Curse of #LaLlorona come to life NOW. #SignInAndSave: 
Is this intentional? Interracial couples-StraightBlack couples-gay2019 Liberal Movies and TV shows. 
They should reshoot all for Godfather movies with only conservative actors lol 
This is our THIRD film featuring on Historians At The Movies, the most by any actor so far! Anyone ca… 
Movies Anybody? 
What's your favorite movie — uhhhi rarely watch movies and ive only seen a very small amount but i guess my favs… 
My son and I are watching the MCU movies in chronological order. His idea. We'll have to skip Captain Marvel for the time being. 
1 I love horror movies 
#Movie "Cartoon College" (2012) 
I refer Tyler Perry’s movies over his plays 
Say something like..... “how are we supposed to go to the movies? I can’t get in with a snack” orrrrr… 
Early Avengers: Endgame Review Calls It Epic, Unpredictable And Emotional  
There’s 11 Star Wars movies, like 9 Star Treks, 20 James Bond movies, but only 1 Roadhouse. If there’s any movie th… 
I love Marvel movies so much and watching The Avengers in my bed right now is legitimately my perfect Saturday night 
That movies dope...You'll enjoy it. 
That’s the cowboy dude. From the cowboy movies...John Wayne. 
is terrific and likely to become a classic: 
This and Detective Pikachu are my most anticipated movies of all time. 
Top grossing movies of all time adjusted for inflation. 
You aren’t alone.  I know ppl who also aren’t into SciFi movies.  Many of the women I know, do not unders… 
I have an irrational fear of watching people cut things with knives in movies or tv shows because I always get scar… 
it's hard for me to sit through movies in general, but it's impossible for me to sit through The Godfather and LoTR… 
Is it weird to get some happiness and satisfaction finding actors in movies who walk similarly to myself? The way I… 
‘Veep’ Showrunner David Mandel Signs New Overall Deal With HBO - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Hey and hope to see you Wednesday, April 24th at the Bringing Hollywood to K… 
Understandable. 
 john singleton hope you be ok from the stroke i pray for you my friend and god will listen  
Me ignoring my list of new shows and movies that I have to watch to rewatch Schitts Creek for the 300th time… 
There’s a mist reference in Shazam and it’s my favorite “Easter egg” in all movies I can think of right now. 
I see you gotta go see it not because you’re interested in the Marvel movies, but because it’s a f… 
And, honestly, I do hope that we get to a point we’re we stop using hordes of faceless baddies in clim… 
Gonna watch some movies na di makatotohanan a.k.a. love stories 
One of the best #movies I’ve seen in awhile is #Lifted if you haven’t seen it yet check it out really worth the watch 
the dream master is definitely one of the top 3 elm street movies absolutely love that movi… 
Within a few minutes, I can find HUNDREDS of G-rated movies with princesses swooning for princes, young kids demons… 
Only in movies RD &amp; then it’s YOU in orange jump suit but it’s not a movie. 
He makes “movies” in the off-season. 
Watch it.  You don't have to buy in.  You might grow.  I don't follow Hitler but I watch "Hitler" mov… 
If I can make it through the Lord of the Ring movies, I can make it through Endgame. 
I love those porn ads when I’m trynna stream some movies... truly makes my day 
It's okay that you aren't creative but don't think of it as a weakness.  Your not a very… 
Nobody want to see Chucky movies  Cut it out 
I HATE SCARY MOVIES!!!! like this was basically my first one and I was not really scared. So you should be fine!!! 
are you going to make hot &amp; sexy movies ? 
I promise you would like it . I understand though.. if you aren’t into movies like that, you aren’t .  I… 
You mean Cons were people collaborate and celebrate the appreciation and creation of art… 
rewatching the marvel movies before endgame and there is so much foreshadowing 
John Singleton, 'Boyz n the Hood' director and writer, hospitalized after stroke. 
I watch fictional movies all the time 
I forgot how fun the Sherlock Holmes movies were. Maybe when RDJ finishes w/ Iron Man and Jude Law as Young Dumbled… 
So, you mean that Captain Marvel, Deep Throat, and Thelma &amp; Louise aren’t all “chick movies”? 
It was empty. When I discovered it I was afraid to open it. I've seen horror movies. Dunno what I'm gonna use it for. 
Um... are those voting for #3 saying they watch movies in daytime with their lights on?? 
Spider-Man: Far from Home will end Phase 3 of Marvel Cinematic Universe, not begin Phase 4, says Kevin Feige… 
Ian McKellen Explains The Difference Between Acting on Stage and In Movies | The Dick Cavett Show 
Probably gunna get drunk when I leave the movies, so y’all be prepared for tweet overload.  
This is the end is one of the funniest movies I've ever watched... 
Top 5 Horror Roles That Seriously Scared Actors For a Long Time #horror: The actors listed here had really traumati… 
the love of my life out there quoting dr.suess movies and he needs to finds his way to me now 
Movies be like "oh technology is unstoppable! The terminators will rule the world!"GET OUTTA HERE! I was watching… 
I do think zizek has some good shit to offer which is unpopular in some left circles lol. B… 
Just got on my old ass twitter accountto let y'all know Ill be selling some AMAZING photographsalong with Some… 
I hear ya, why I highly prefer the Attack of the Killer Tomatoes movies. Those were deliberately ma… 
sexy stockings mature pantyhose bbw pantyhose pantyhose movies busty girls older women in pantyhose pantyhose and h… 
Movies their own directors hated #Director 
not sure but he mentions to a hostess that he likes movies that make him feel moved so im guessing it… 
I'm spending my Easter at home watching Godzilla movies.  
We plan to stay awake, watch movies but be listening and watching everything  
Post-practice hair watching movies, hot habanero chips in hand. You can tell he has coloboma of the right eye here. 
They have no good writers left in Bollywood for songs and movies. Make B… 
Getting excited for Easter under Wraps tonight - how I have missed Hallmark movies! 
He did! has no education, makes bad movies, has the IQ of dog squeeze… 
"Godzilla vs. Kong" wraps shooting 
Seeing Shazam tonight. We love our superhero movies. 
Oh, and my rankings:Cap Avengers (based largely off 1 and 3- 2 didn't have much of a chance with… 
There really should be more movies based on children's board games. 
It's part 3 of the movies "Split" "Unbreakable" but I liked it. 
Is the drive in still doing free movies or what ? 
New Hollywood Podcast: Janet Mock Talks Impact Of ‘Pose’, Season 2 And State Of LGBTQ Storytelling -… 
CW is one of the few superhero movies that you can show to people who aren't fans of the genre and k… 
Sunday movies, usually old school musicals and my mom would bake a delicious treat of some kind. And naps!! 
Eric Strauss APRIL 20 2019 #NewsRadioKKOB #EricStrauss #scary #horror #terrifying #nightmare #moviesSCARY MOVIES 
Fanfics I wish was made into movies:• 999 Days From Now• Performance In A Leading Role• Not Easily Conquered•… 
If it doesn't grab my full attention then it won't be getting any attention from me that goes for movies, music, people etc. 
Hey there! You can find showtimes on our app or by visiting our website: -Sarah 
I can't wait for #EndGame this week! In case you need to stock up on movies, digital Marvel movies on sale this wee… 
i saw a couple of pretty good ass movies today.... looked at some cool ass art. my world is now restored and my mind is again at peace. 
Yeah but I meant like, Alladin or whatever.… 
You're not wrong. It just feels like in the last decade or so movies like Slacker either wouldn't g… 
Let’s get some movies about how he became John Wick yo 
I'm a Sanders Sis and a Tulsi fangirl! Uncle Jo has got to go! And so do the… 
#Movie "Inspired Guns" (2014) 
lrt why they got so few movies playing in they theater 
Am only going back that far because I only remember that era..I know there w… 
Happy belated Birthday to my dad who turned the big 7-0 yesterday! Without him I wouldn't have the love for these o… 
The LotR movies really stand up to the test of time. So much more live action / scenes as opposed to endl… 
funny movies - top stories by 
I bet he is pissed he got cut from all the Harry Potter movies 
What are they even showing “R” rated movies for??  They are all gonna’ go straight to heck. 
We don't doubt it. 
This movie is no more funny than many horror movies. In fact, less than a lot of the more serious horror I've seen.… 
Sending prayers  
Born On This Day | In Remembrance of Anthony Quinn (April 21, 1915 - June 3, 2001).Anthony Quinn appeared in more… 
i really want to get back into watching romance movies but like i’m just so jaded and it seems too unrealistic to me now  
Movies  
I need to find both of those movies for a marathon. 
None of the movies about La Llorona have been 'good'. No one should be too surprised. 
Heading to the movies? complete your day with some Cold Rock ice cream at Deception Bay open till 10pm Friday and S… 
I saw that the actress that plays the foster-sister got a 5 movie contract with WB. I’m wond… 
BTW Killing Jesus is not bad, as Jesus movies go. (And I watch a lot of them; I’m kind of a devotee of bible movies… 
I have bard/rogue character in waiting based off of Chaucer in that. It's one of my favorite movies 
17TH one down in chronological order #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
That's not to say there haven't been books or movies I haven't *enjoyed,* but it feels like so much… 
Yes. And I also loved "Spies Like Us", and a host of movies that kinda border on comedy. 
All the kids are sleeping over with family and Jorge it working the night shift. I have the night alone, I hardly k… 
#jersey was legit, your performance was legit. I totally agree with you this is the most HEROIC movie e… 
Feel free to comment under my reviews for a discussion about movies or music 
is detective pikachu gonna start with a short like the old movies did? because movies have been doing that lately so they really could 
#mssnews fyi they edited it orginally it said dragon age instead of dragon ball XD 
I… 
"Avengers: Endgame" opens in theaters in less than a week, but that's not the only movie you need to see this summe… 
Posed to b watching movies an smokin wit bae but she mad...about some BS  
This instrumental can be used in #indiefilm #filmakers #film #movies #gaming #commercials #ads #podcast #youtube… 
Cause horror movie genre is parallel universe where plebs never seen horror movies and don’t know shit about scary shit 
You ever wonder if writers and actors create shows and movies to show us a different perception of reality? 
Best movies play round about this time 
Alan, for some weird reason, I’m imagining all of these movies being recast for dogs and them all starr… 
Top 10 Supernatural Serial Killers In Movies #horror: The horror movie villains listed here is a collection of the… 
Ppl are being obtuse about this kids in public places topic. When I say kids at the movies annoy me, I mean babies… 
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secr.." and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
I'm not so keen on marvel cloak &amp; dagger show it's all over the place and dragging a bit so I might… 
#LittleMovie Review: This movie really surprised me. The performances were great and it was actually really funny.… 
Why do I have such difficulty picking out movies for my grandson's visits? 
sorta embarrassing that this is just my figure collection, I also have a huge collection of the comics and some of… 
Sara doesn’t need a tv, she has a laptop and a hard drive with loads of series and movies. Right ? 
10 Times Movies Depicted Big Businesses As The Villain As pop culture shifts with time, it becomes harder to make c… 
everyone recommend me not so well known movies that are actually good. i want to see new things  
Also that gaze out of a car window shot is like my favorite thing in movies. Like if I ever do a short film I promi… 
We'll miss you Mr. Stark! 
New #movies in theaters this weekend: #Music #ClassicRock 
Much needed girls night with masks, pizza, wine &amp; movies 
That's a hard choice. Cap is my favorite. Winter Soldier is way up there. But both Infinity War and Homec… 
Bro just today I watched more than 8 movies just today  
Y’all realize they keep making movies about penguins cuz they can’t run away? 
#HuntforRedOctober never disappoints. I wish they would make more movies like this one. #SickOfSuperHeroes 
Gotcha. I don’t watch super hero movies. 
Working our way through all of the Marvel movies is a blast!I realize now that I've watched some super out of orde… 
Had some awesome one-on-one time with my youngest today. &amp; I found a steal on a ton of horror movies at the resale… 
The helper will make sure it’s always locked  and you can hide that door with a book shelf or something like in the movies  
I would shit myself. THEY would shit themselves. I honest to God need BTSxcast of Avenger’s interactio… 
My interests are games, music, YouTube, movies and online entertainm… 
You've destroyed me. Man from Uncle is one of my favorite movies and I can SEE THIS thanks hyb 
Netflix is a trap when you don't have someone to talk to I mean I just finished my data watching romantic movies and yikes . 
Im always disappointed when ppl mouth the words in music videos like it's a rule or something. I want all my videos… 
anyone want to go to the movies tonightttttt 
I like to just take in movies. If there’s a “message” and it’s conveyed well one can absorb it and “fee… 
apenas a perna direita perde sensibilidade --&gt; BTW, I'm watching Ashes and Snow (2005) #trakt 
Worked all day I need movies to watch 
Teach it.  Watch it (the movies and the documentaries). Read about it (the memoirs, the novels, the h… 
Wish all parents were this knowledgeable, loving and accepting of their children. 
All great movies  
Okay let’s go to the movies, I’m coming shem, tell Bonolo to answer the phone. 
Nigga has spent his whole life seeing the "behind the scene" of Nollywood movies, didn't know there's s… 
The movies didn't even really need to be about them much, but just to have them for the continuity and meaningfulne… 
When Anthony Fykes and Robert Wright met, they immediately connected through their love for movies. But the pair ne… 
i feel the same and she’s in a lot of movies i used to love watching on days like to… 
#tsunamicup | Trending on CNN : Oscar-nominated director John Singleton, best known for the movies "Boyz n the Hood… 
Numbers hidden in movies,  2000 movie with Bruce Willis "Unbreakable" the double 33 hidden in plain sight.… 
Does anyone call their significant other, Love Element? Just wondering, is it better than Sweetie Pie?My Love Ele… 
#MichaelFassbender  #TheBest actor of his generation  4 of his great movies 
THE ASCENT (2019) Extended #Film #Video #TV #Movies #IndieFilm… 
“you look funny like a boy.” love and miss you tons already Onnie you were always down to watch game shows and ha… 
O R A C L E #Film #Video #TV #Movies #IndieFilm #Filmmaking #Filmmakers… 
Have I seen all the Marvel movies? I think I missed a bunch of them. Too busy watching This Old House episodes. 
Yeah, that’s me with urban disaster movies. “THAT FAILURE MODE IS PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE!” 
Guys kopa web to download movies? 
I enjoy bad movies myself, it’s also just fun to find movies that are high brow oddities 
Ill probably go to the movies by myself lmao 
#Movie "The Ten Plagues" (2014) 
Ethan’s LaneLives In New YorkLoves Horror Movies  
Watching One of the very best movies of the 80’s with my son. The Adventures of Baron Munchausen! g… 
Joel McHale Joins Psych: The Movie 2, Jimmi Simpson to Return - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I've noticed something regarding sci-fi movies: the more the film tries to actually stay true to real science, the… 
Just caught part of Mission Impossible where Tom Cruise is scaling that tower in Dubai. I forgot how mind-blowing t… 
Can’t believe the only good dc movies are Wonder Woman and shazam 
which means they are bound to only Thanos as the big villain for every story they're go… 
Just spent $12 for a water and coke at the movies... what 
grandmas boy pineapple expressharold and kumar super bad and dazed and confused are the best high movies 
My name is Crystal and I am addicted to Zombie Apocalypse movies. 
The Dark Knight #Dc #movies #Heroes 
The 2 best must see #movies of the year are both in theaters right now: #BreakthroughMovie and #UnplannedMovie go s… 
33 Celebs You Probably Forgot Appeared In Marvel Cinematic Universe Movies 
Batman Begins #Dc #movies #Heroes 
We'll miss you Mr. Stark. 
6 Best FREE Movies on YouTube – From 1959 Till Now #YouTubeMusic #movies Watch now 
Bulls in the Ring on iTunes Podbean or Spotify we hit it all sports movies current events music and… 
The culmination of all 22 cinematic movies in these 3 phases is going to be... a spidey flick? 
My movies are a little more popular on this date for some reason. It's a mystery. Happy #420day! Happy to share a l… 
movies aint that important chief 
The 12 movies you must absolutely, positively see this summer (yes, including &amp;apos;Avengers&amp;apos;)… 
Love this thread! I have ALL his movies! He’s become incredible! 
'Avengers: Endgame': What we know so far about Marvel's next blockbuster  
The Original Television Christmas Classics (DVD, 7 Movies-In-One Multi-Disc Set) 
Wake up America!.. Everything is Hidden in "Plain Sight" reason being that their Society's  "Satanic Rituals" requi… 
Just Listed:  The Original Television Christmas Classics (DVD, 7 Movies-In-One Multi-Disc Set): $0.99 (0 Bids)End D… 
Name the movies:1. You shall not pass2. And like that... he is gone3. What’s in the box?4. Are you talking to m… 
Create a Sandra Bullock Movies Tier List via 
2017 WAS THE FLIP TO NON WHITE TV, ADS, MODELS, MOVIES. I asked my BFF who works in Hollyweird what’s up &amp; said it’s MANDATED.! 
I miss campy in game movies some of these games had 
Y’all not gone do shit about folks bringing they kids to the movies so shut up crying. 
I'm watching Hitman: Agent 47 (2015) #trakt 
I’ve taken my 16 month old toddler to see plenty of movies. He cries a few times but I arm him w… 
Good god. I’ve seen less violent movies. 
i love scary movies and gore... it distracts me from the horror of my life 
All because we didn’t like some of their movies? Sheesh. 
Find Her Younger Brother 2019 - Lifetime Movies 2019 Based On A True Story via 
Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards Hollywood Swag Bag Mr. Mister Gummibär Animation, animation movies full movies engli… 
Who was your first crush? — the first one i can remember is this kid jesse i was friends w in like 2nd grade. fun s… 
So true..... I have 30 of his books &amp; glad these remakes are more in line with what he wrote in them &amp; visualized in his movies.... 
One of my favorite movies of all time. Hope they don’t mess it up. 
I love Hallmark movies, they are so removed from my reality 
I forgot to take a picture of his cute Easter basket. Le sigh. It had some Disney Cars, 2 Easter movies (Dora &amp; Pa… 
why are there so many movies with finn wittrock wearing suits in a supporting role 
Look! J.J. Abrams Teases More From 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker'  #News #Movies… 
Last year  this year is the sleeper hit.... Will be hard to find a better movie this year. Great j… 
#MarvelStudios Might Be Introducing A Body Positive Superhero Soon - 
I was a VM shipper before all this Jackie stuff went down (now I’m vehemently NOT a shipper, bc damn that hurt!)… —… 
5 TV shows and movies to binge-watch over the long Easter weekend 
I'm 28 years old &amp; I still have a similar reaction like Scarlett when animals are being bullied in movi… 
"You remind me of the babe. The babe with the power"Tell me about one of your favorite movies!I didn't grow u… 
On potentially facing off against in future movies: "He better be ready. You better be ready, Dwayne!" -… 
A cinematic yawner, "Peterloo" is way too long for the story it tells of the tragic 1819 Peterloo Massacre. My revi… 
Seen Panther and Umberto D. Both fantastic movies. I did, however, after watching Um… 
Im so excited. I will be missing #livePD tonight only because Im gonna be going to the movies with my friend and ha… 
Men in movies &gt;  
Oh, no... 
Today's Throwback: Krampus (2015) Movie #movie #throwback #horror: Michael Dougherty"s Krampus (2015) finally has a… 
remember when this happened and they stopped making movies because we didn’t need any more 
I just want to point out that with is the 7th highest rated super hero movie ever! Go see… 
What’s good on Netflix right now (movies, documentaries or shows)? Need something to watch on upcoming flights. All… 
besides storytelling in character of Thanos continuity.. which other villain has reason… 
Academia reminds me of medieval times movies where everything is a title-holding competition 
Sounds like someone really loved Captain Marvel. 
If you didn’t wanna be a spy-kid after watching the movies, we can’t be friends 
Watched Batman 1989 on the big screen for the first time. #Movies #TV 
First Poster for A24's Horror-Comedy 'In Fabric' - Various owners of a cursed dress pass it from person to person a… 
Hi! I’m in love with horror movies. My mom had me watch Night of the Living Dead at a very early age… 
"My parents had an arranged marriage. So, as a teenager, I picked up all of my ideas about dating and romance from… 
I’m confused as to why people decided to label this a “bad movie.” It’s one of the only “comic book” movies that I… 
Actually, this might be one of the most violent movies I have ever seen. It’s insane. Wow. 
I mean the MCU is cool and all, but they're not my favorite superhero movies anyways. Top 5 (in no or… 
That may be part of their intention but the audience of Marvel movies is diverse in age range so if… 
It's one of the best movies I found as part of the blog. Hands down. 
Minecraft Movie Heading To Theaters in 2022 - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Thanks for an EPIC #babbliciousMovies web show, #DLiveFam!Today I babbled about:#Shazam#Hellboy#CaptainMarvel… 
Makes me frustrated that visual based movies never make an impact even though visually telling a story is more inge… 
Now I found the godfather lol lol AMC has it on today lol lol lol I still remember going to the movies back in the… 
Exciting stuff. Thank you! By far the best outfit for Jessica Drew. We need her in movies soon! 
Me watching this Harry Potter marathon on USA like I’ve never seen any of the movies before 
than what's the use of making these movies in a sequence if they ain't gonna make a rea… 
I’m the good guy in the movies,except I don’t get a happy ending, I might as well be the bad guy 
Really?! I'm so excited! It started in 1994 with a movie called Stargate, starring Kurt Rus… 
I did enjoy the Key Lime pie podcast.People don’t like to watch movies with me because I can usually f… 
Victor Von Doom&gt;Funds Reed &amp;Co.&gt; accident=F4 &amp; Dr Doom&gt; Silver Surfer&gt; Galactus&gt; Doom wants to harne… 
We've had to make the executive decision regarding our MCU rewatch before Endgame.There just simply isn't enough… 
I never fell asleep when I watched his movies...  
#Movie "RecLAmation" (2010) 
I just realised 1 it's a holiday (which is super depressing) and 2 I'm binging alot of movies centered on reincarna… 
It’s a trilogy I think they swung and missed on. The first one was so epic but the next two got worse.… 
Went to the movies today and saw "Captain Marvel"!! Great movie and was totally badass!!! 
They shared multiple scenes together in the movies they starred in 
Have you seen all the free #movies on 
"High Life blows your mind and galvanizes your senses in ways the genre rarely affords.” (Los Angeles Times) Get ti… 
That's what I'm doing. Watching a bunch of movies right now. Been messing with some stories too. 
won't see his movies any more.  Can't separate his hyperbolic rhetoric from his acting. Sad, but true. 
Now at home chilling til I go to the movies with my sis 
  movies with  
Kinda, I’ve watched all of the MCU films in chronological order (not release date) but find myself… 
ONE DAY TWO MOVIES #LITTLE is on another level of funny and #US is for the brave, but both movies are a must watch,… 
So want this dudes autograph. Bring back manly movies of yesteryear. 
#NowWatching Upgrade (2018) #trakt 
Music and movies from the 80s give me an overwhelming feeling of nostalgia 
It was a visual masterpiece but people only saw it once because nobody wants to see a 3 hour movie m… 
Fell down a rabbit (Hobbit) hole this week while teaching and re-reading The Hobbit. Have since watched all the mov… 
When you're watching TV or Movies: Subtitles or no? 
Baller Blockin Hood Movie Full Movies Old School Movies 2000s Movies Cas... via 
legit one of my fave movies I stan 
Star Trek and how framing the movies as action movies is a fundamental failure and misunderstanding of the franchise 
Doctor Strange 2 Release Date Might've Been Confirmed 
Watch More Than Half A Million Movies And TV Episodes With The Roku Premiere 4k Streaming Player 
1. It's LA movies, sponsors, commericals, nice weather2. Chance to win with LeBron and possibly AD3. Money 
Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children Movie #ReviewThisReviews #Movies 
It's hilarious this is a controversial statement. "but kids love Marvel movies". Dumbass argument. Y… 
I love the Avebgers movies, however, I thought your performance in the Jason Bourne movie was one of your best! 
Sad part is most people don't give a shit about sharks except in crappy b movies. Sharks are bad ass. 
The NBA playoffs have made me forget how to watch movies. 
Hey any new movies coming out? 
I’ll always have a special place in my heart for #FieldofDreams. RIP to Denise Stillman, the original driving for… 
i won’t have to sit down for THREE HOURS with no breaks and endure what will surely be emotional torment for one of… 
I like to joke about how likes to touch little kids and watches snuff movies...... 
Is it one of those symbolic, metaphorical movies, like mother! ? 
Love the increase of shows/movies. Great time to be alive. 
#HOMECOMING offers the complete Beychella experience: every single song and performance, the behind-the-scenes, and… 
Why can't make decent movies? Just saw #aquaman and it was dreadfulCould mention acting, script, cinema… 
i reluctantly went to watch spiderman hoco with my boyfriend (i hadnt seen any other marvel movies, kn… 
Today's #mustread #diplomaprinters article!! Have You Spotted Fake #Diplomas in Movies and 
might f*ck around n watch all the star wars movies AGAIN 
Yo this happened when I was working at Dillard’s after the big ass shoe sale where they let people literally trash… 
CALL WILL SMITH CALL ALL THE PPL FROM ALL THE SPACE MOVIES ALIENS OMG 
You cannot leave a plot or storyline for a show unfulfilled and unsatisfied. Once you spill that info to people, wh… 
Here’s a thing. I thoroughly dislike Snyder’s view on the DCU movies, save for the first &amp; second act of Man of Ste… 
I say, let her dig that hole all the way to a China and beyond. More ammunition for when she takes… 
We watched two movies this weekend so far."The Favorite," which for me was so bad I walked away about three quarter… 
Both animated Death of Superman movies had no build up either and people love them. 
Three things you can try:-Take a break-Try and find something different than what you usually read… 
#StarWars May Have Already Revealed Rey To Be A True Skywalker - 
Ooh, he's an Adam Warlock fan - Jim Starlin's creation. #fanxspring19 #FanX Wasn't he sho… 
What kind of movies do you most enjoy? — Horror Movies! 
21 movies over the course of 14 days. My MCU Movie Marathon is finally complete.I am ready for #AvengersEndgame !!! 
Happy 4/20!  A Stoner's Guide To Netflix via 
Today's Throwback: Willard (2003) Film #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A young man with an unusual connection… 
Wow I need to finish all these Marvel movies before End Game. I'm stressed  
I like that though. Victor funds F4, accident happen… 
Horror movies don’t make sense 
Thing 2 told me he wanted a baby brother so he could have someone to watch movies with. My uterus said "YES" but my… 
Only in the movies  
hi, thanks for liking my tweet. I hope you’re doing well, seems like you and I would have quite a… 
I've been wanting to see this for years. Thanks to #mondomacabro for making it happen. #thedevilsnightmare #cult… 
Michael Fassbender &amp; Conor McCaughan’s DMC Signs First Look Deal With Brian Oliver’s New Republic -… 
I love things that are really stylized too! I haven’t watched any of those (I’m behind on a lot of s… 
Hubby is sick, and I can’t go outside due to severe allergies, so it’s an afternoon spent indoors with one of my fa… 
Movies. 
At a convention I heard Jason Aaron said he wants to write the stuff that they'll adapt into a movie ten y… 
Can you hear the mission impossible music  I tried a tight one like this recen… 
When I was growing up, parents who could afford it, made home movies of kids jumping… 
Can I make a humble suggestion? Instead of complaining about *consults notes* one mediocre comic from *con… 
Happy Easter A long-eared friend of ours has left something for the kids seeing the following movies this morni… 
Marvel.Buuuuuuut...I’m kinda burnt out on super hero movies tbh. *ducks* 
Movies Update: Marvel Phase 3 Ends with Spider-Man: Far from Home Not Avengers: Endgame 
Movies Update: How Rebel Wilson Fought the MPAA to Change The Hustle's R-Rating to PG-13 
Movies Update: Did Chris Evans Just Confirm This Long-Standing Avengers: Endgame Theory? 
Movies Update: The Conjuring 3 Logo Revealed? #movie, #trailer #newtrailer #news 
Movies Update: Avengers: Endgame TV Spot Has Thanos Ready for Summer's Biggest Showdown 
While the Civil War airport scene is visually uninteresting from a cinematography and choreography sense, it works… 
I'm watching Beneath the Planet of the Apes (1970) #trakt 
Weyes Blood - Movies 
the thing gets worse since the internet provider has been a shit these last days, at least I've downloaded some movies at work. 
Yeah, not every coach in real life is one of those compassionate inspirational coaches in the movies. 
“Unbound at the Movies” 
It made a Billion dollars just off the goodwill of the Marvel brand.My wife fell asleep watching it.… 
Lucasfilm putting the "Star Wars" movies 'on hiatus' after this year 
Oh sorry I didn’t mean make Galactus a 2 movie in b… 
I’m sure they just ran out of Ls because so many of the movies have L in the title.  
Movies run characters like her ALL THE TIME—the audience insert who has NO IDEA what's going on &amp; bumbles through t… 
Reminds me that I need to FOIA for docs on NNSA labs working woth movies sinilar to how DOD does... 
can’t even watch his movies. It’s sad to watch any human fall as he has. I have to wonder if anyone… 
#Movie "4 1/2 Minutes" (2013) 
Disneynature's Penguins is “spectacular”. See the film now: #MakeItICONIC 
But in movies and tv, well. If you think those looks are a bit longing? Probably they were. If that touch seemed a… 
Horror movies are not nice when you are alone 
I was never religious until I started following politics and woke up to all this i… 
About to cuddle and watch movies with Kash until I decide to cook . 
Wow. Love your movies but obviously you're no better than him. #Disappointed 
You've finished your ham and deviled eggs! Now what? #EasterMovies 
Woman Who Calls Star Wars And Superhero Fans ‘Undateable’ Gets Obliterated By Twitter 
A Little Lust 
Check out Rap and Hip Hop Music Videos with Million Views on YouTube.The Best Rap Beats.Rap… 
Do you have a favorite? 
After “Raging Bull” I never cared for his other movies. His characters always have the same squinty-… 
Its a completely average set of superhero movies, and these nerds lose their shit over them. 
how alike are we? (comment ur score)+1 age 16+1 live in arkansas +1 enjoys pineapple on pizza+1 is 5'6+1 has… 
Best movies that accurately depict American history from any era?  Go! 
So, I finally got around to watching #Bumblebee and the first five minutes are better than all other movies combine… 
I just think that blocking people is fun. You have shitty political opinions? Blocked! You have stup… 
Overhead a kid talking to his dad about the Avengers movies (apparently he just caught up on them all), and he was… 
#amwriting #movies #WritingCommunity Has anyone seen the movie What Happened to Monday starring Noomi Rapace? O… 
I think I wanna go to the movies 
Happy Birthday!  Hope you are enjoying your special day. You played my favorite character on the origi… 
Catch me binge watching all the Harry Potter movies and crying my eyes out 
Now this is 20 years old.  Open your bible's to the Book of Revelations and notice… 
So your telling me the audience read captain marvel comics before infinity wars… 
Patiently waiting for more South African movies to review... 
They even make big-budget Hollywood crazy good movies about it! *Poses* 
Smoking..planting my seeds today..watching tv &amp; movies..happy 420Wish i made it to a event but not en… 
#MECRA REPORT: Filmmaker Seeks to Highlight Kurdish Plight through Indie Movies in 
#EnergyTwitter - I’m putting together a lecture on the history of #EnergyTransitions and thought a montage of energ… 
It’s sad to see that our reality is resembling more and more like the movies we see from Hollywood!!! 
#kevincostner thanks for making such great movies like dances with wolves, postman etc 
Never assume the history has been settled. There’s always something to be found! “Kevin Brownlow Thinks a Treasure… 
Just tryna lay around naked eating popsicles and watching movies but I’ve got at least 3 more hours of work left  
O buisiwa ke bongwana. Have you seen western movies  
  Stop Paying High #Movie #Download Fees    News-Entertainment .org     Pay ONCE for #High #Def UNLIMITED #Movies 
ICYMI: 6 new movies to watch this long weekend 
 why do I like watching cute movies that make me emotional...don’t mind me crying while doing homework 
Who knows a GOOD website to torrent movies 
It’d be kind of funny to do a double-bill of single-hander survival movies composed of THE SHALLOWS and ALL IS LOST… 
(Mom and The Lady Who Looks Like My Mom are watching Hallmark Movies and normally Mom would hide the background noi… 
I’ve been very into horror movies for some reason lately. If you have any Netflix recommendations, feel free to drop them below. 
DStv is useless yazi now playing same movies every 2weeks we paying money apha tsek 
I'd say we got that in the movies. This is a bonus. 
Bro you sounding like the Skip Bayless of comic book movies. Ant man still hasn’t faced t… 
TCL 49S325 49 Inch 1080p Smart Roku LED TV (2019) for $199.99Thumb Score: +10The 3-Series Full HD TCL Roku TV p… 
I told you people that a very few movies are playing, of which one of them is Extortion...so may you plea… 
Ive watched 4 movies in the past 2 days which is more than I usually see in a year 
My sister has a point. Tyler Perry must truly hate black women. That man barely makes movies where black women are… 
I would like to expand on the sophisticated Salina part.  I ran out o… 
A few years ago PanikHouse released several old Mexican horror movies, including THE CURSE OF THE CRYING WOMAN. Thi… 
Only problem I have with Amazon prime is I look for movies and the best ones are usually pay to rent or buy. 
Liberal Hollywood provided subtle clues in movies, including the… 
I think I'll skip watching Bollywood movies for a while.I am sick of all of the dramas going outside..it definitely… 
Meh it used to be ok but yeah never that great. They don't keep the movies I like on their service. 
I believed this as a kid because of how its portrayed in most movies lol 
The irony is, I'm not seeing a ton of new fans defending the new movies. It's mostly a b… 
My dad saw The Avengers in theaters and loved it so much, even though he had not seen any of the prior Phase 1 movi… 
Where do you guys live stream and download movies and series??? 
Because it's mostly "chick flicks", Netflix originals, and TV shows that I don't care about. I… 
Acrimony is just one of those movies, where both sexes will have their own valid points 
On the Her Head in Films podcast, I make movies personal. Listen to my latest episode on Todd Haynes's SAFE (1995).… 
Ugh, those people . . . don’t.  People hate what they don’t understand, and hate what is diff… 
Been watching movies most of the day. Remembered Mbali and I share a common interest. Picking her brai… 
What are your favorite comedy movies? 
Jason Reitman’s ‘Ghostbusters’ Film Adds ‘Bad Times At The El Royale’ Costume Designer Danny Glicker #Movies #TV 
New 'Tolkien' Poster #Movies #TV 
No trampoline jumping, no swimming, no friends (unless came over for Sunday dinner), we could watc… 
I’m relaxin, watching movies 
EFF is like that perfect love/romentic movie that every young couple dream off but in reality we all… 
Michael Fassbender’s DMC Films Inks First Look Deal With New Republic Pictures - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Explaining to my mum that the t.v &amp; movies she watches has nothing to do with age bcoz I bought 7 brides for 7 brot… 
#News 'Avengers: Endgame': What we know so far about Marvel's next blockbuster #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
Maggie has never seen a single episode of Downton Abbey. They did give her a boxed set. I… 
Kisses For My PresidentOde to Billy JoeThe Sands of Iwo JimaSanta Fe TrailChitty Chitty Ban… 
Let us reminisce  on our fav classic movies of all time . Mine : Rambo First BloodDrop yours : 
Expensive AF u can't download movies n series with such prices 
DID YOU THINK THAT I WOULDN’T SEE YOU OUT AT THE MOVIES 
Two movies in the new trilogy and it still doesn't make any fucking sense.  The prequels have their f… 
How could you  I’ve read every book and seen the movies. It’s so good. 
I'm gonna watch Endgame and give it a critical review. I've never seen any of the other Marvel movies but I think i… 
movies are fun i wanna try and get out to theaters way more often 
I said I don’t enjoy Bollywood movies as much as I used to and he said it’s probably because I’m “divided between e… 
there were some pretty unintentionally hilarious jean-claude van damme movies about it in the 80s though 
Just got our #AvengersEngame tickets for Sunday. I haven’t been able to keep up with all the #Marvel movies. Which… 
Can't believe Friday has to be compared to other stoner movies. It's almost criminal. 
Pull through And I’ll hook you’s upPop corn and movies included 
#Movie "The Wings of Eagles" (1957) 
Raise some hell with this weekend! Reserve your seats Now: #MakeItICONIC 
Also there are several movies made from H.P. Lovecraft's stories in case you decide to do that far. 
Steven Spielberg’s ‘West Side Story’ Adds ‘Dear Evan Hansen’ Star Mike Faist, Singer Ana Isabelle -… 
why I can't choose the language and the subtitles for the movies!!! Second time that I made the mistake… 
What’s Some Good Movies On Netflix? 
Marvel Fan Breaks World Record After Seeing #CaptainMarvel 116 Times - 
It is a great scene. I'm guessing you mean the Scotty scene. I know other people disagree, but I think… 
The EC is too busy with Modi movies and streaming content to bother… 
While Tony Stark has an interesting hole in his chest in the movies, it’s certainly disconcerting to s… 
What type?  We left the pharmacy this morning and got the new Cocoa Carmel Latte at Starbucks.  It was… 
Very reliable website for watching movies and series online 
One of the best and funniest movies ever made. I discovered it as a teenager, unobtrusively t… 
 LIVE ! Relax day, New Vamp Baby inc!#TheSims4Movie night at 8pm CST !movies… 
So I was in the movies watching dumbo with my little cousin and there was a huge service dog behind us and he thought it was a wolf 
April #films#movies list 4/1/09 - #PirateRadio ~ 4/5/02 - #24HourPartyPeople… 
I love her movies, but if it's so bad here, go? On the other hand, is she saying the USA… 
Aren’t you the one that apparently recommends bomb movies? Please drop top 3 black love movies. 
I'm not an expert, but isn't Super just a way to canonize movies? I've heard conflictin… 
There’s some romance movies that I like. That’s one. I love period pieces 
a snobs vs slobs type movie of an independent movie theatre that allows drinking and talking during the movies vs alamo drafthouse (snobs) 
Hey guys !!! Do you guys digging #comics and #nerdy things or the #marvel movies or the #dc shows !!! Well come che… 
As a show this could be better than the upcoming High School Musical one, i can say the same about Camp Rock, a cam… 
Oh. My. God. I have a second Twitter Account.Not a Secret. I planned to do movies and Art on it.Never have the ti… 
1. I’ve worked at the dmv for over 4 years2. My favorite thing to do is watch and make fun of movies3. I’m an introvert 
Ouat, musicals, old movies, Disney and nick!! Let’s be friends  
Is it supposed to be Hell? I'm not into movies at the movie houses. 
Best psychological thriller? #movies 
21, approaching 22 - can hardly stay awake for movies, has moles that need watching, a small colony of white hairs… 
You and me are the same. I don't repeat movies 
And it was an awful moment for American culture. Clear Channel march to the sea destroying… 
For some reason I enjoy these b grade action movies 
Trump knew Russia was helping him.  He coordinated a reliable strategy with wikileaks. Whole movies will… 
My answer, FWIW, is Captain America (and it isn’t even close). Right mood, great representation of characters, perf… 
Till recently when I discovered that Patience Ozokwo isn't so evil as she used to showcase in Nigerian movies* 
One of the great movies ever “On the Waterfront”. Marlon Brando. “I coulda been a contenduh. I coulda been somebody” 
Nerds without kids that complain about kids at movies don’t get to come if we have to move to a different planet. Y… 
Lol,some movies should not be remade,ie Ghostbusters. 
What Should We Do About Scandalous Artists? By A. #Celebs #Celebrities… 
. My movies sound goes off always during crucial part if any movie. Pls help. Channel 0107 E movies extra 
Oscar-Nominated Designer Slams Melissa McCarthy For Her Outrageous Academy Awards Outfits (2019)… 
I thought you were really good! I can name so many major movies that had terrible acting! 
"The Wolf of Wall Street" hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
We may be closed on Easter, but our digital collections are always open! Access #ebooks, #eaudiobooks, magazines, m… 
But they are all great movies 
I can’t wait for the most sacred of Easter Triduum traditions tonight when I make watch one of my f… 
I Just Wanna Eat Cuddle &amp; Watch Movies The Rest Of The Day  
Early secret feature reveal!50/50 raffle during the show!Winner gets HALF of all lino donated during the stream… 
This scene was my favorite! #SomeoneGreat #movies #Saturday 
The Child's Play movies sure are... a thing. The first two are some GREAT horror. The most recent two a… 
Anyone think the decay of our culture-horror movies, glorification of a “gangsta” life, social med… 
I suggest home movies + a picture everyday in a digital library for a keepsake forever wi… 
I'd love that. Cause I think Ultron is what it is ca… 
Would you like to see that? 
Enjoy a nice weekend at home watching all your favorite movies in your cozy living room. Our #Denver homes offer gr… 
 I always notice little things like this in tv shows and movies. Spoiler Alert Did you see the "La… 
I hope by now that ALL patriots are boycotting Hollywood. Their movies are like CNN. Propaganda. Spielberg has been… 
Who ya got? Godzilla or Kong?#HATM"Godzilla vs. Kong" wraps shooting 
one of the best movies. I was so teary by the end. 
the ig music hack isnt just applicable for ig, you can also access movies on netflix especially the ones that are n… 
Kevin Feige Says #SpiderManFarFromHome Is The Final Film Of Marvel's Phase 3 - 
Man, I loved his movies. This sucks. 
Can't stand those kind of movies  
Hells yes! Bruce Lee movies are definitely near and dear to my heart! 
Or the travel she and her fellow pampered actors indulged in to make the movies? 
Movies, Easter Egg Hunt, church 
Jesus christ who ISNT in the Expendables 3?? This movies got it all! 
What are some more funny movies like total dhamaal? 
there are movies that were made to be watched on planesWatched Bumblebee last night and yeah, t… 
the perfect date: staying somewhere on the beach and a big storm coming in and staying in bed and watching movies 
Possibly one the best movies I've ever seen. — watching A Futile &amp; Stupid Gesture 
Peter Weller to Play MacGyver's Evil Counterpart in Season 3 Finale - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Or the movies! Major pet peeve. 
Are we still feeling emotions that are ours or are we feeling feelings that have been imposed on us through TV shows and movies? 
says there's no reason to watch ‘The Curse of La Llorona’: 
So Brie Larson can tell everyone certain movies arent for them and so you have no say, but Christia… 
Yeah, so that we never have XMen movies like Logan again. This should make you upset. 
i think my first week after graduating will be spent binge watching tv shows and movies. 
Some TV Series/Movies will really make you second guess if you in the correct career. 
I know it’s 420 and everyone is excited for that, Happy Holidays everyone  but I’m so excited for today cause Jos… 
past 2 movies I’ve seen this weekend made me cry like a baby. 
To #film buffs and #cinema fans out there: 
Yeah if End Game delivers the way we think it will, Spider-Man will gain a whole lot more traction. In fac… 
Now that the dust has settled, I feel like Thanos shouldn't have snapped in IW. It could have ended on him w 4-5. W… 
She laughs some, "Muggle movies really?" 
Tingu ke successful movies gin le.40 films me se 20 bhi successful nah… 
Man I had these movies, watched them over and over  kids these days know nothing bruh 
#Movie "The Evictors" (1979) 
Sanaa do beautiful on her movies yo 
It is weird that they've announced a game and we haven't seen hide nor hair of it. I'd be game for tha… 
I agree that Secret Wars will be the next big thing… 
Fast Color is finally released. This was my 2nd ever film to work on. Go check it out. It is great! 
I can't deny I actually liked the Power… 
Then by that standard about 95% of the choices made are wrong. Because like zero movies take… 
Gay family movies. Do you know of any? 
Apparently, I realized that this year for movies specifically, MY CHILDHOOD IS INVOLVED! 
Brooke sh… 
Photo Coverage: Get a First Look at Jessie Mueller and Megan Hilty in PATSY &amp;amp; LORETTA - Broadway World 
I made a big post with details. But I would recommend watching good summaries of all the movies you don't e… 
Says the actor who pretended to be a gangster in his movies... 
All the movies, TV, books and music the writers and editors of Windows Central are into this weekend 
Civil War, Black Panther, Thor Ragnarok**, and Infinity War***. These four feel pretty strongly linked to m… 
If you only get stoned to movies about other people getting stoned that’s just boring. Hell,… 
Get this starter pack:Essay available online: "White P… 
She’s got 2 new movies coming out that she needs to pitch 
#SomeoneGreat #MustWatch  #WomenEmpowerWomen #LoveStory #LifeMovies We need more of these movies!! 
idk if it’s just me, but I’ve always wanted to hit someone w a frying like in the movies 
I think I need to watch one of my all-time favorite movies tonight! #Willow 
I only want movies  
‘Someone Great’ Is a Totally New Kind of Romantic Comedy #SomeoneGreat #WomenEmpowerWomen #Netflix #MustWatch … 
James Bond movies have it all. Actions, drama, and love...and a lot of explosions.  
YES!!! Love all of these movies. 
This is the first 420 I get to enjoy legally! I’m celebrating by going to the grocery store  but then after it’s e… 
What’s everyone’s favorite movies?? 
Im demented lol, I laugh at horror movies. 
I got: Uncle Colm.  via 
John Singleton: 5 Fast Facts You Need to SingletonDirector John Singlet… 
How good were 80s movies... Currently one on with a test-taking montage! The montage is my favorite movie feature.... it's not used enough. 
John Singleton Hospitalized After Suffering a Stroke - Oscar-Nominated Director &amp; Writer of 'Boyz N the Hood', 'Fou… 
What's the most spine-chilling movie scene ? #Movies #TV 
Michael Chaves’ “The Conjuring 3” — Official Logo #Movies #TV 
Check out DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies ⁦… 
Here's why I don't like Adam Sandler movies. Donald Trump is like Adam Sandler in an Adam Sandler movie. He's a com… 
It would have been great for one last shot or scene like this in one of these movies. But… 
I wonder what happened to just going to the movies together, just chilling at the park or something, going to the t… 
I also like the psychology of the movies because he thinks hes trying to do good in the world to "reform" people 
Ferda making movies 
They do! I just feel like they're overdone at this point. All the new superhero movies are starting to… 
Naahh. I'd watch horror movies instead 
i need to buy the movies somehow 
My mom loved it. I’ve showed her all of S. Craig’s movies lmao 
I really think it all depends on what stage of life you were in whether or not you remember these show… 
The NRA, nor any of its members (including myself), has ever prevented a single per… 
Which is why I go to the Alamo Draft House. No talking tolerated from anyone. But also please don't bring your kids… 
That’s what I was thinking - I’m not even a huge Batman fan (I mean , he’s fin… 
I just bought your movies #HouseBroken &amp; #SmartHouse loved them both very very funny movies especially… 
All I can say: glad I am as old as I am. The future looks horrifying. All the stuff we have seen in scienc… 
Smoke sesh and movies today, and I couldn’t be happier 
It’s the most liberating thing ever....start small by taking yourself out on lunches and date nights, go… 
I stop drawing for a couple hours and watch some animated movies to get some inspiration 
Only one(Extortion) out of all the action movies is playing. 
I confess it'… 
I enjoy watching movies that are inspired by true events 
I like it when cheerleaders in movies look like cheerleaders when I was in school, especially when the actresses ar… 
I can't even begin to imagine Phase 4 Avengers movies without Iron Man and Captain America.  plsss nooo. #Avengers 
I hear you and you make a valid point. However comparing them to Marvel movies? When Marvel shows are… 
4/20 Movies Of All Time.1. Half Baked2. How High3. Friday4. Up In Smoke5. Pineapple Express#420day 
There are numerous authors investigative researchers who expose the light and tunnel trap. The eli… 
Oh boy. 
I want to go get movies from this one but he might think I want more than  just movies. Ai vader, help jou kind 
Perfect Sisters. Abigail Breslin and the little girl from the Narnia movies kill their mom. It is b… 
See the power of prayer played out in this REAL-LIFE story! Celebrate Easter Week with #BreakthroughMovie, now show… 
These Tyler Perry movies are intense  
Thank you for making movies that represent me.  #latinx #SomeoneGreat 
Wasn’t Paul in “Old Yeller” and other Disney movies? 
7 year old Kids, can't drive, drink,  smoke, vote, marry, sign legal contracts, yet.. can choose a… 
Aye y'all gotta do better with some of these original movies, man. 
Don't forget that you can use at Perth Playhouse Perth Playhouse is Perth's independent cinema wh… 
my internet is slow this weekend. I noticed it last night when I was trying to stream movies. I just had… 
I high key don’t like watching movies in 3D. I think there’s something wrong with my eyes. I get really uncomfortab… 
Watched last night.I loved it.And I'm not into alot of Movies.I really liked. 
Having a snack and movies 
DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies ⁦… 
Would Dumbo be okay for a kid who's super easily scared at movies? 
About to turn this damn YouTube off  and watch my LMN movies til later 
Lots of good movies being released too close to each other. That’s a petty. Specially for Shazam, I… 
This week, Peter Moore AKA The Man in Black Moore was a theater owner obsessed with horror movies  Specifi… 
You cannot.  The Apple TV devices do not have a hard drive.  The best way to confirm the question is t… 
Rewatching all the marvel movies has been such a ride. I’m really not ready for the end y’all 
Reading must see list of US Summer movie releases and all 12 have male directors. Out of the 37 actors li… 
I really dislike that my family's the kind that goes 'not all men', 'not all white people', etc etcThey're complai… 
Lmao, Im the same. Gotta be up to date so Im ready. Just gotta catch up with captain marvel and I'll… 
Can we just say the trailer park boys movies 
I love when you give your opinions on movies, seriously, do it more often! 
Honestly would retroactively help some of my issues with the earlier movies. They’d still be bad imo… 
oh wow I haven't heard the name Howl's Moving Castle in a REEEAAALLY LONG TIMEdo teenager these days know Studio… 
Nah Christian bale was better, people just hype Keaton because his movies are older 
I thought the Ant Mans were fine, but as heist movies, not as MCU films. 
Movies Update: Johnny Depp Allegedly Wanted Amber Heard Fired from Aquaman #movie, #trailer #newtrailer #news 
Movies Update: Friday the 13th Reunion Movie 13 Fanboy Adds Original Final Girl Adrienne King… 
Movies Update: Missing Halloween 5 Massacre Footage Details Revealed by Michael Myers Actor 
Movies Update: Missing Halloween 5 Massacre Footage Details Revealed by MIchael Myers Actor 
Movies Update: Roman Polanski Sues the Academy to Be Reinstated After Expulsion #movie, #trailer #newtrailer #news 
I listen to songs that you like, watch movies that you like and I tried getting into things that you’re interested… 
Personally offended that every obscure line I remember from indie movies is not immediately available in gif form. 
What an amazing day at the movies with my church family ndccmemphis seeing breakthroughmovie we had 500 people show… 
Attempting to watch the Marvel movies in sequence... 
UGGH wish I could go back to the good ol days where everything was innefficient, we watched Iconic movies on shitty… 
3 Naps 2 movies 
one of the best movies 
Top 10 Scariest Non-Fiction Horror Movies to Stream #horror: I always find that horror movies based off of real hor… 
Maybe.. but there were about 5 TV stations back then, and no laptops, smartphones, Netflix, Twitter, Fox news, Brei… 
One of my favorite movies is coming on later today. I'll get to watch the Jews passover and the death angel passove… 
From our friends the "Slow Mo Guys" review slow-motion in 
Evil Dead , The original. The movie is genuinely horrifying then the next two are some of my favorite… 
I’m totally in agreement with about going to movies . I don’t want to hear you smacking your popcorn,… 
Any plans to release it here in #Albuquerque since there was filming done here?  We locals love to see… 
So fun revisiting the 14th century - without even going to the movies 
Movies like Friday just aren't the same when they're on cable. 
Can't take out ladies for movies since they end up falling asleep 5min into the movie. You also can't bring them ov… 
I’m really excited for the two movies that donate and Adam are releasing this year. Mostly for the press tours I ne… 
S: nothing A: Ragnarok, Winter SoldierB: Iron ManC: Both Guardians, Avengers 1D: All movies not o… 
"The masses go to movies to feel, not to understand." -- Tsui Hark. 
There are many but I rarely watch movies more than once ...  except for old B&amp;W classics &amp; there are many! 
“The Silk Road: The Journey from China to Turkey,” April 23 
Weyes blood - movies 
Amen 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost - 
Two movies about toys come out on June 21st, please don’t take your child to one of them lol 
Could Clive Barker have ever conceived of all those spin-off movies at the time he wrote The Heckbound Heart? 
LOL ok so when I went to the movies the other night, I snuck my brother into a rated R movie (he’s 16) and the cash… 
There is problem in Indian left movie Wallahs.. They r either obsessed with Hitler or Godse.. but can't make a sing… 
Karen Gillan Wants A Nebula And #CaptainMarvel Team-Up - 
Watch Your Favorite Movies Now.....Click...This Link.....?             
and i am not confessing to anything i’ve just noticed u never rlly see women smoking pot in movies or whatever 
Pizza ne movies nalo castle lite  ndizi pholele yazi 
And last but not least:10. Zombieland. Humor + zombies + Bill fucking Murray. What more do you need my dudes?! E… 
intellectuals of this current world re mad menscientists are fake/scholars corrupt.i know its hard for you to dig… 
I’m surprised they are showing it. When I was younger the towns around me would of never… 
Is this why my taxes went up? So you could make more movies? 
And in Conclusion? You watch too many Quentin Tarantino movies 
My finest hour is that I've fallen asleep while having a beer at the movies during two different cine… 
Superhero movies are bestest. I watched Banshee n I was rather uncomfortable 
Read The Hobbit first. You'll want to have snacks on hand. Don't watch any of the movies till you've… 
and  if your looking for middle school action movies, look no further than Battle of the… 
Watching movies with Mama and my little brother,  I cherish these moments 
I always forget tremors is in my top ten movies of all time 
I actually really like the live action Scooby Doo movies. The only bad part was the cgi. 
“We control anything over people’s heads...”#grip #hammer #setlife #bts #womeninfilm 
I didn’t even know there was one before. I’ve never watch Stephen King movies before. I just know that they’re all scary. 
Movie date on a Sunday Or movies indoors with rounds in between.  
what a virgin who goes to the movies by himself ? 
Seriously? Talk about projection - how many movies did this guy play a gangster in?  
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Hollywood isn't going to stop making mo… 
I been trying to hit you up to audition for some movies/ WildnOut I’m in Memphis, Tn we… 
im a huge lain fan from so many of the roles he did in movies and that one city of vice show he did,… 
It is trash. The outrageous overacting for comedy appeal is the very reason I don’t l… 
Yona of the Dawn: Season One - Part One Blu-ray/DVD $19.99 at Amazon 
Don’t care.  Just watching the movies for entertainment. I rarely look to a celebrity for an opinion 
My #Starwars #TheoryWe learn the clone wars was a project for the clone emperor's resurrection. We here throughout… 
Episode 8: Overly exaggersted chase scene to extend on plot points in not a good way. This movies mysterious. Snoke… 
Just rewatched the winter soldier for like the 3rd time and I still think it's one of the best MCU movies of all time. 
That's a great movie, I grew up watching the TMNT!!!! The original 1s, Cory Feldman was Donitello!!! Clas… 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Hail Satan?’ Review: In the Dark Lord (and Religious Freedom) We Trust 
Wrote this piece for on our 2 penguins movies in theaters #penguinhighway 
(Android Tablet) #MTVBRKPOPBTS on Key Features…Cheap Android tablet treats you to all the basic Android features… 
Guys I haven’t watched a good horror in a long ass while. Comment below the scariest movies you’ve watched! 
We believe it. 
The Digimon Movies Vol. 1 (Complete Retrospective) | Billiam  
Ups and downs face chesthu struggle ayyi success aina vallaki2-3 movies tho craze ochina vallaki ch… 
Maybe he was and maybe he wasn’t. Outside of action movies, very few people can be handed a g… 
Reminds of the day you guys let Fentse come to school and the rest went to the movies Le savage shem 
Taking a small road trip, going to the movies with my girls, and then to treat myself before game night!!! 
I appreciate that but going to multiple apps to find movie times is incon… 
If I could compare my life to a movie , it’ll most definitely be considered one of the life time movies, because th… 
Paul is looking for a girl who likes to take long walks on the beach. Who loves going to the movies and he’ll pay f… 
This is just an observation in the way they are made. Marvel is very much a slave to the typical three act structur… 
This going to sound like a weird statement but if you look at Marvel, they make movies based on comic books, but DC… 
THERE WILL BE 16 MORE MOVIES 
Without star Director, USA 1 million -0Sai pallavi - 2 (MCA, Fida)#LadyOriented 
Many Native Americans, especially those of older generations who were subjected to boarding schools for In… 
New #AvengersEndgame Promo Teases The End Of Iron Man's Journey - 
Recommending two wonderful movies I recently viewed in late-night decompression. These are for those who love natur… 
Some news for our viewers/fans/followers (I don’t know what we are) of Historians At The Movies, especially… 
Isn't murder and assault already illegal?This is pandering at it's finest...how about u deal with t… 
I probably say this once a week. He even makes bad movies good. 
Yeah but I believe that the after credits scene in Teen Titans Go to the movies hinted at the possibil… 
Stop showing them in movies then. 
Fully express your vision with full-frame quality and cutting-edge camera shake. Create movies of breathtaking visu… 
I only thought there was 2 movies until today so idk and now I've been enlightened to find out that… 
Top story: Trailers of the Week: ‘Child’s Play,’ ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw,’ ‘Big Little Lies’ – Rolling Stone… 
Bollywood has done as much for the movie industry as Hollywood. In fact a lot of Hollywood m… 
Love this movie! One of the first creature feature / monster movies that got me into horror. 
if you know what i mean, comment the movies that made u feel this way -i have too many to name... 
do you ever watch a movie, and it impacts you so hard you're just sitting there taking it all in for a long time -… 
What if Shahrukh Khan’s movies were always shit and it’s just us who have matured?? 
Sporty Outfits -  Clothes Casual Outift for • teens • movies • girls • women •. summer ... - Looks Magazine | Home… 
Karen Gillan Says Bring Tissues And Diapers To #AvengersEndgame - 
EASTER EGG PROMOTION - 30 DISCOUNT CODES WHEN YOU SUBMIT YOUR FILM - DEADLINE 6TH MAY 2019 * 1st come 1t Serve. See… 
called "Dumb and Dumber and Dumberer" SO THEN I WAS LIKE hmmm  what if all 3 movies were on 1 big DVD set and they… 
What's your theory about the great finale? #forthethrone These are ours #GameOfThrones 
ALL SOLD OUT MOVIES DM ME NOW! STILL HAVE A FEW!! DM TO GET YOUR TICKET. 
hi. I recently connected my explora to the internet but now i have disconnected it. The problem is I can'… 
I loved The Last Jedi and Captain Marvel. There was nothing seriously wrong with t… 
When I said “I hope college is like the TV shows and movies” I wasn’t referring to Dear White People 
Watching movies on the plane was like one of the main highlights of this trip 
There were 3 movies? 
Favorite stoner classic movies? I gotta say how high, next friday, savages, blow, and heavyweights. 
Hot take:WWE Films is working on a remake of #ThePuppetMaster horror film and is being cast as the… 
Are the books better than the movies? Because I hated the last movie so much lol 
Pineapple Express is the best stoner movie, Seth Rogen movies are bomb  
#Movie "Distorted Frequency" (2014) 
the actor is in B movies Who is the loser then? 
Still one of my fav Christmas movies. Never miss it. 
That's right out of the John Wick movies.  
I don't know Bond movies but I think thats Scaramanga? Did you mean this guy? 
if you write a great song, you want to share it. If you don't, it's almost like you never wrote it. Musi… 
I'm watching Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017)#InfinitySagaMarathon (15/22) #trakt 
The scene in DIE HARD where John McClane throws the C4 down the elevator is one of my favorite explosions in movies. 
Can you promote kids movies with 4/20??? Wut lol  
Hi Everyone,I enjoy watching movies very much often playing them multiple times to look for details missed. The th… 
Movies over 2.5 hours should have an intermission 
Have a favourite movie about memory? Check out our faves here  another movie about… 
that "racist" Kate Smith song was a lyrical precursor to "Blazing Saddles." The blatant racism was designed to demo… 
Ok this is one of those movies that even though it's bad I can't stop watching it. I watch it any chance I get. 
White people are so psychotic, it’s always white people in movies who are psychos 
You r right. Thanks for pointing that out. Most of these fake artists exhib… 
No. More black panther movies ant man spider man etc 
Yeah worst thing to do is pay attention to reviews and let that solely determine what to enjo… 
I just remembered that I went to a Guillermo del Toro exibit about 2 years ago and bought a collection pack of his… 
Is it just me or what? But does anyone remember those old black and white gangsters movies,… 
Horror movies where nobody survives &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Am I the only person turned off of movies, tv shows, books that feature a strong female lead that surprisingly gets pregnant? 
Doctor Strange had to be one of the best Marvel Movies that that's like my favorite superhero. He never like had po… 
This is great news... now maybe one of the “Lord of the Rings” movies will finally be able win an Academy Award for… 
Disney+ is ten years too late. Disney only produces sequel/prequel animation, remakes of animation in… 
Captain Marvel movies 
Planned to have popcorn and wine while I watch movies tonight, I’m just going to wait to do it at my place. Ke naaar hnm. 
Bruh I HAVE to go seen AVENGERS ENDGAME imma CRY when i watch that shit ive been watching those movies since i was like 7 
Just don't watch any movies about Chucky 
Man on fireLaw abiding citizenSet it offFrom Paris with loveFace offGone girlBlide sideProposal,… 
Rewatching #Avengers movies and everyone has Ironman thinking only he can be the Hero and knows bes… 
Karen Gillan Says She Has No Idea How #AvengersEndgame Ends - 
Watch #awardwinning #indiefilm #druidpeakmovie with &amp;… 
Counterpoint: we’ve seen several good X-Men movies, but we’ve never once seen a good Fantastic Four movie  
Opening weekend is here! We are so glad to be back, it sure was a long winter! Catch FREE MOVIES tonight! Spider… 
Everyone have a great weekend and a fun time watching movies!A public service message from your buds at… 
Because of the movies I’d say Thor 
Movies 2019 - 127. ThanksKilling (2009; written by FIVE PEOPLE; directed by Jordan Downey) 1/2 (1 1/2 tacos)Sl… 
I'm an anthropologist, over the last 4 years I developed a research about the entertainment distrib… 
Top sports movies to watch on 4/201. Space Jam 2. Dodgeball 3. Semi-Pro4. Talladega Nights 5. Happy Gilmore… 
I need Chicken licken wings McDonald's friesIce creamChicken shawarma DoughnutsGreat movies. Hela 
One week until Endgame and I still have like 12 movies to rewatch  
Bourne movies are the best. 
Bangz - Take You To The Movies 
New Old Republic Star Wars Movies in Production According to Inside Source! - Star Wars Movie News StarWars 
Sounds like we may be seeing Hawkeye's wife in Endgame. 
Bam! On point. Most of those movies were old then, but so classic. We loved old films and music when… 
Let there be no doubt: if there’s a #HarryPotter marathon on where I can watch it, I will, no matter how many times… 
There’s cosplays out there that look better than some monsters in scary movies 
When They See Us - Official Trailer #Movies #TV 
In ‘Once Upon a Time in Hollywood’, Leonardo DiCaprio is Full of Self-Pity, and Brad Pitt Can Kill You With a Spoon… 
What is a movie you would consider ahead of its time? #Movies #TV 
My Proposed Synopsis For Fast &amp; Furious 9 #Movies #TV 
ORSON WELLES FAN ARTby gauntt#orsonwelles #falstaff #chimesatmidnight #cine #film #movies #director #producer… 
Weta Digital, the VFX Company Behind 'Lord of the Rings' and 'Avatar', Are Working On A24’s Upcoming Medieval-Fanta… 
Back in the day men used to put on suits just to go to the movies lol 
happy Taurus Season and happy 4/20!!  were gettin real high and watching classic stoner movies over h… 
I'm watching Jeremiah Tower: The Last Magnificent (2016) #trakt 
smokin endless doobies like we live in the movies 
Why does always make movies about joining an old lady club. 
I think the premise of the movie has been done before..., in a couple of movies so ... *yawn* won’t even s… 
nylon mom videos nylon free movie nylongirls nylonfeet videos nylon in movies nylon xxx tube feetinnylon amateurfet… 
To avoid going into depression I'm gonna watch old musicals this weekend. Starting with some Gene Kelly movies. 
My mom ruins everything  we’ve been watching movies with my brother kamnandi kanjani, she just got here 5 minutes… 
God, I forgot how much I love Gene Kelly movies. 
Going to the movies. 
Watchin #insidious.On my own. Lights out....am a big fan of horror movies  
Clint Eastwood knows ! #FakeNews new movie. Great Movies in the past year: Gosnell, Unplanned, Death of a Nation, M… 
I remember Kate Smith appearing on several shows in the 70’s when I was a teen. She was also in many old movies 
Moves movies MOVIES 
Anna Pacquin in the XMen movies is a solid honorable mention though. 
Wow I’m cured. Guess I won’t have to take CBD oil anymore because I’ll no longer have a full blown anxiety attack a… 
I think it’s so funny when people tease me about being jumpy during horror movies, it’s not just scary movies my fr… 
come back for another go with more Thor movies!!! For a marvel fan like myself you have brought one… 
This is the “Fake Generation.”  Fake News/fake vacations/fake friends/fake parties/fake FB/SnapCha… 
---A Fox Tale - A short animation HD Aimation Movies Music Animation, animation movies full movies english,Disney,… 
Midnight Movies - Saint Motel 
That’s she I’m talking about.  It’s not for forever.  Although,… 
Movies 2019 - 126. Waiting to Exhale (1995; written by Terry McMillan and Ronald Bass; directed by Forest Whitaker)… 
Yeah, I probably won’t be seeing that many DeNero movies in the future. 
8 Movies That Will Make You Call Your Girl Squad - Elite Daily 
Video games are way more engaging than movies though, you actively control what happens and what you do in it. 
Truely sad.  Once a fan, but he's become so vitriolic towards the president that I don… 
Consumers might have a little more confidence in purchasing digital video if agreed… 
Of course I’ve seen movies just didn’t think you would get the gist of it because it originated from th… 
Hello, I noticed an error in the "100 Best Movies on Hulu Right Now" post on The Piano i… 
What was it like working on Coffee Town with . That is still one of the best movies ever made... 
Sorry everyone! No stream this weekend. I want to keep things fun and this weekend I kinda just want to watch movie… 
Just watched two great #filmnoir on the First was #Nightfall directed by Jacques Tourneur in 1957… 
8 Star Wars movies, and I haven't watched a single one.  
Today/Tomorrow? Movies and than grab food after? 
Spoken by a true wanna be gangster! Too bad he’s only one in the movies  
#Beyoncé the Creator: ‘Homecoming’ Review 
So vele they couldn't find better dancers to play the leads in all the step up movies? 
Even after mcu movies still will hit billion, captain marvel and black panther and maybe end… 
Disney Plus unveiled as rival to Netflix, Apple TV Plus: Marvel, Pixar, Simpsons, Nat Geo, and more available to st… 
If you haven’t seen a #Marvel movie in a while, then you may want to consider watching at least some of these movie… 
Bohemian Rhapsody ...Rami Malek killed it! Easily one of the best movies I’ve ever watched 
Out of control. True locals - teachers, state employees, etc. can't pay these taxes at all or without… 
#420weekendThe Best Movies to Watch When You're Super 
I like the cut of your jib kid -exhales cigar smoke- so lets roll with your idea.Don't forget it… 
I need a burn candles, fat blunt , wings and candy, some fruity ass mixed drinks that I won’t realize are hitting m… 
One of those rare occasions where the epic and exciting trailer promised all and the movie delivered.… 
What ever happened to that trend of really really weird movies  that took place in pre-established universes from t… 
Nah captain marvel had strong legs week after week which means people went ba… 
Yeah of course I like movies. I really don’t go to them anymore. Like I’ve never seen any of… 
For me, I really don't like action/superhero movies (besides Thor!!), but my favorite vegetable is those gross cann… 
It’s really frustrating that the Swamp Thing movies, 3-season TV series, and limited animated series aren’t on… 
I can't watch horror movies 
x DP Sean Pollock using the SUV as a dolly! ““““#theblockcaptain #filmfestivals #stories #drama… 
me too i used to love his movies ..now i cant even remember his name 
I haven't watched TV or MSM since 2005! I literally gave away my TV &amp; never looked back.I still wat… 
No. Everybody loses in those movies. Also that's reserved for a Sharks and Canes series 
The sharks lose in the Sharknado movies, right? 
i’m kinda tryna smoke &amp; watch more scary movies today wow 
Karen Gillan Says #AvengersEndgame's Going To Be The Best Superhero Film Of All-Time - 
Earning #cryptocurrency for selling my stuff on Join me using code "DDGJLC" for an extra 100 XNK. I just l… 
Hope you’re all enjoying this beautiful spring Saturday. I’m gonna go spin some vinyl and watch more Marvel movies.  
I am definitely planning on having you on a couple episodes.  I just need to figure out what guests fo… 
Wrath of Khan is still the best of the Star Trek movies and the template for every new one. 
I think ill smoke all day and watch movies. Happy 4/20 
The Best Movies to Watch When You're Super Stoned: 
 also who takes infants to movies? 
I'm exhausted. But these ones want to go to the movies  
Exactly. There are some critics that I tend to agree with most of the tim… 
I played the ever popular:1x… 
I love these movies!! Definitely need more of them in my life 
The rewatchables. Bill Simmons and guests just chat about movies. 
I recently purchased the first three #Pokémon movies with the English dub. Is it normal that Ash's voice sounds lik… 
I’m too asexual to the point my mom tries to get me cake for romance movies because she knows I would just hide anyway 
Enni cricket based movies vachina, chinnappudu Vasantham cinema lo ni screen paina chudadam appatlo m… 
....I don’t know about you Bette because I haven’t seen you lately in any movies or tele… 
kids are like movies; the first one’s usually the best one 
Does this include books and movies? If so: PJO? 
Wether you love or hate the movie, you have to admit that's a pretty awesome thing for him. This is… 
"Frozen" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
#AvengersInfinityWar Writer Admits Cap Didn't Get Enough Lines - 
25 Real Life Places that Inspired the Makers of Disney Movies  
i know theres another close by just dont wanna go out of my way to get a movie now since im at home now… 
One of my favourite is zombie movies 
Let's take a minute to appreciate #KitHarington  #GameOfThrones 
Fine by us. 
Animated 'Pilgrim's Progress' can aid moviegoers who desire to evangelize 'in an era when the culture often stands… 
La Llorona is one of the best scary movies that have come out in a while imo. Definitely recommend 
Nice! It’s cloudy and rainy for me. Lol But it’s the perfect day to watch movies!  
Linda Cardellini Hints At Hawkeye's Wife Returning In #AvengersEndgame - 
Don’t try to guess where I’m or what I’m doing by looking my stories lol you’ll never know &amp; I be on the move… 
Yes, I go to the movies early in thee morning. Dont judge me. 
Every time #RobertDeNiro trashes the president the way he does, it makes me not want to watch any of his movies. 
Mark Hamill Is Taking Voicing Chucky In #ChildsPlay Very Seriously 
Who was your first furry crush? (This includes older movies and cartoons) 
It’s nice to have new movies, but the storyline is not good! 
I just signed a lease on an apartment so does this mean that I’m allowed to go to PG-13 movies without adult supervision? 
Ironic fact:  I haven't watched ANY of the Avengers movies that came out, only seen clips of them from youtube &amp; su… 
There has to be movies somewhere somehow, I don’t know. I guess it’s the thought that counts, andithi hambond’tyisa… 
Firends, it so refreshing to listen to an X-Men podcast that’s done more than watch the movies/carto… 
‘The Crown’ Casts Its Princess Diana - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
You watch too many movies, order! 
For #SaturdayMorning entertainment checkout these books that should be movies introducing children to history The… 
Avengers: Endgame Directors Working On Stan Lee Documentary 
You and me both with all these creator owned properties getting shows and movies, I think… 
Top 6 Best Horror Movies Where Everyone Dies #horror: Here is a bunch of the best horror movies where everyone dies… 
We go out on dates with potentials, go out with the girls, read books, go out to the movies alone and fo… 
Snoop Dogg Told Us That Stoned Matthew McConaughey Is 'the Greatest Rapper in the World' 
Korean-developed #cinema with #4D screen and motion seats to replace shuttered Van Ness AMC 
Fresh News From Hop to Easter Parade: The Top 12 Easter Movies to Watch This Holiday 
Dumbo has always been one of my most beloved movies &amp; this one? There are no words  
#Movie "How Hard Could It Be" (2015) 
Can wait for the day I host my bf over for a 90s movies marathon. 
Too Many Movies: At the Art Institute yesterday, incredible sculpture of Samson and the lion, my im… 
Marvel Looking To Develop A Valkyrie TV Show, Tessa Thompson To Star - 
Those are excellent movies. I took your advice and researched #flatearth. Want to hear my findings… 
Tired of OVERPAYING for Cable? Stream all the Hottest &amp; Latest Show, Movies, &amp; More! 
This week the Richmond Heights Memorial Library has 53 new books and four new movies. 
This week the Salina Public Library has 149 new books, 33 new movies, and 28 new music CDs. 
The Family Complete 
I also lived through it. I made movies about it. I was there in the thick of the storm, where no woman… 
Kevin Brownlow Thinks a Treasure Trove of ‘Lost’ Silent Films Is Collecting Dust in Cuba via 
Everyone’s out living their best lives and I’m in bed watching movies Lmao whaaaat even. 
As usual it's this one particular fat funny White woman...I am not sure of her name but she cared many movies like… 
Parties ain’t shit compared to ordering food and drinks, have her laying on your chest,having deep conversations,li… 
The first &amp; second ones. I had to take my kids to the movies so it was for them. I mean, I w… 
Exactly, my sentiments precisely! Bahahaha, I had researched the movies she starred… 
Also, can’t compare movies with different gender leads because why? I thought we’re… 
And I LOVE Infinity War - the ending works SO well - but I’m just very connected to the Guardians cha… 
The acting in the Step Up movies may be terrible but damn if the dancing doesn't get me hype every time. 
10 Great Movies Where The Villain Wins 
I totally get that! I’m a big fan of “hangout” movies though that prioritize character &gt; plot, so the… 
I don’t understand how so many people don’t care. Like so many movies about shh like this… 
just came on here to say that i daydreamed for the first time today, (i never do) and it was about my future w aj:… 
I mean... You can pretty easy guess the ending to endgame due to how they want to sell more movies and other accessories 
am home brotherMovies in the memory stick 
There’s no way he would have them kiss each other if he knew they were brothers an… 
I wanna take my baby to the movies 
We see flashbacks of Henry Wu’s perspective from the last five movies, showing the transition from good to bad 
First weekend audiences for most Marvel movies are rowdy e… 
What is the most terrifying or unsettling line of dialogue ever uttered by a villain? #Movies #TV 
Seems like that’s one that will get covered right? The… 
The Best Stoner-Friendly Movies On Netflix For 420 
BATMAN v SUPERMAN Made More Money for JIM STARLIN Than All MARVEL Movies Combined 
Enter to win to two great books from at  #giveaway 
#FilmTwitter check out awesome podcast on new releases and his experience at TCM Classic Movie Festi… 
now everyone is friends!(they can sit on the double decker couch and watch movies together and be buddies!)#DuneWatch 
Cuddles and movies 
Iger: #StarWarsIX Movies Will Go on 'Hiatus' After Episode 
I recently discovered your channel and you’ve quickly become one of my favorite YouTubers. I really… 
It's so bad it's good. It's on TubiTV, which is a free (and legal) site for movies and some subbed anime. 
Isn't that standard procedure though? If horror movies have taught me anything it's that you don't mes… 
I've got all the old ADV DVDs except CH 91 and I will rebuy them all. Also, I believe one of those mov… 
By the way, I'm a Pole &amp; I don't see many names ending in ski in any prominent positions or any positive stories ab… 
I took 1 of the kids to see Shazam at the movies. One of the child characters were vegan and the… 
I don’t understand why is not tweeting about these countdown movies as each airs (… 
Hollywood helps support the Democratic talking point that white supremacy is rampant. They do this in ma… 
We will be closed for Easter on Sunday, April 21st. Please "eggs"cuse the inconvenience. Stop by any branch today t… 
Not only does this show your ignorance of scripture but your theology is piss poor mate. Spend more time reading th… 
This is my favorite moment in "Rocky Balboa". This movie, "Rocky 3" and the first "R… 
This has been Nolin's HP TED Talk.All valid points &amp; I am in agreement.  Firenze teaching at the… 
Geez why bother? Let the franchise die a respectable death, theres over 50 years of movies to enjoy. 
Not only does this show your ignorance of scripture but your theology is piss poor mate. Spend more time… 
Mark N Tompkins Trailers of the Week: ‘Child’s Play,’ ‘Hobbs and Shaw,’ ‘Big Little Lies 2’ 
We need to remind ourselves that movies are made for audiences NOT critics. 
Y’all really never seen these movies before lol 
30 Horror Movies "Based on a True Story" - Horror Movie True Stories 
So far for 2019, I've only seen like 6 movies released this year, but my favorite is no doubt Escape Room.  I actua… 
Who Is La Llorona? - 'The Curse of La Llorona' Legend Meaning 
The perfect companion for #GameofThrones is not a sword , it's this map!  
Hallmark movies are the only place where young, attractive singles treat each other as if they have zero need to ge… 
Are you a fan of horror? Into movies such as Friday The 13th and Halloween? Then read Killer In The Woods and exper… 
Can't wait to see it. 
That's what I told him. He's watching movies today, so he might have popcorn later. 
Being alone and watching sad movies&gt;&gt; 
I am so heartbroken over this washing.It's a thunderstorm from nowhere outside and I just can't risk it. At least… 
That’s true. Witches, high priests, sorcerers, wizards! Harry Potter movies tell truth! 
Remember This: Southbound (2015) #movie #throwback #horror: New indie horror anthology film Southbound (2015) looks… 
Here's a snip of "Uber Chronicles pt. 2" go to to see the entire epic-sode and also check out pt.1 stay t… 
Yes, that’s it. You really know mov… 
nylon hd video nylon clad legs fetishnation videos nylon xhamster nylon nylon mom movies nylon mature feet nylonxxx… 
I think I spend too much time tweeting about movies and not enough time writing about or actually writing them. 
Happy #420 #fourtwenty from Hack Movies! Roll up a fatty of that sweet, sweet Columbian Smoke WEEED and burn that s… 
Popular movies that have not aged well - Business Insider #SmartNews All of these are being viewed with the lens of… 
"Watch now Movies — Teljes2019 
I honestly don't know what you're trying to say. Marvel movies are targe… 
Wtf? Have you ever seen the ma &amp; pa kettle movies?! 
A new movie was added to the media server:Dirty Harry (1971) [H264 · 720p · R · 7.8/10] is now available in the Mo… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Sudden Impact (1983) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.6/10] is now available in the… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Magnum Force (1973) [H264 · 720p · R · 7.2/10] is now available in the M… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Bouncer (2018) [H264 · SDp · R · 6.1/10] is now available in the Mov… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Enforcer (1976) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.8/10] is now available in the M… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Dead Pool (1988) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.3/10] is now available in the… 
I need more animation movies! 
Don, I watch Late Night now more than I did in 1986. I watch movies but Late Night is the ONLY TV I watch. 
Unfortunately there are kids that play even games like destiny ( blowing creatures heads of… 
80s B movies and Satanic cults 
Its very sad. When I think of her in movies, and she's been in so many great ones I lik… 
I’ve rewatched over half of the MCU movies in the past 2 weeks and still have a few more to go before culminating i… 
This week the Six Mile Regional Library District has 49 new books and nine new movies.  New items include The Miste… 
I have all the movies but I still have to watch when on a regular channel #HarryPotter #PotterHead Beaver Shores,… 
That's so funny! I liked the original. Creepy? Yes!  Movies were good enough that they didn't need special effects. 
Worst made w/ decent $? Worst all around? Or movies that just make us really mad?Either way PUPPY… 
not like we haven't seen the convos, the rooms on the profiles, the fucking actual accounts rating the movies, FOOL… 
ARE WE FINALLY GONNA GET THE FWT AND OTRII MOVIES??? 
We went to the movies &amp; I told her I was paying...she asked me where I get money from  
Maybe Alyssa and Sean can film movies in Venezuela since they refuse to g… 
This has been my (kinda a joke) theory about a number of the movies they have planned with snapped charact… 
Have you ever seen the Friday the 13th movies?No?Well you look just like this girl that was in the 6th one. 
Too many low-budget movies on Netflix  
My drama head told me I would never make it in the industry.I've done theatre, TV, movies, voiced animated movies… 
Man, mk11 continues to be a love letter to the entire franchise, including the movies. 
Adults who take super hero movies seriously are more childish than children 
#Movie "Catch Me If You Can" (1998) 
I never listen to critics. I can enjoy a movie for the story regardless of the spec… 
Dumbo is dull and empty and unpleasant: 
If you guys need a little refresher before the Endgame, watch these MCU movies before hand. 
EA’s Next ‘Star Wars’ Game Looks Promising—and Raises Eyebrows - Barron's 
If we are being honest, he’s literally Ganke from miles morales. I doubt he’ll be becoming any villa… 
Agreed - one of the greatest movies ever made. 
See now they ( whomever  they are ) want to ban songs from Kate Smith even get rid of her statue. Here is an idea l… 
Here’s the thing: a lot of those shows/movies have levels of violence that I cannot handle. Battlestar’s filming ma… 
This week the Tulsa City-County Library System has 721 new books, 39 new movies, and 12 new music CDs. 
True/False may be long past us, but if you're the type to watch documentaries all year long, here are some suggesti… 
I enjoy Zizek's rambling commentary in small doses (particularly about movies). But the whole is far, f… 
“The one constant through all the years, Ray, has been baseball ... This field, this game - it's a part of our past… 
No. I havent seen any of the avengers movies, but i’d be willing to bet this is not “the end”.  There’s… 
 don’t do a film because it is Dharma produced same goes for stop being ka chamchas… 
Now it's first class,… 
I agree in principle.  But I think I like their choice.Firstly Bucky and Steve have gotten two full… 
that sucks — I think you’re right, it’s something with caps or at the machine level. I ran into someth… 
I'm excited about the Tolkien film, but I've only seen 1 preview out of the 10 movies I recently saw in the theate… 
Addendum: the baby of Deadpool &amp; Zombieland’s and Who Framed Roger Rabbit’s Coke head baby grew up and had a baby w… 
Mignogna, Voice Actor Who Plays Broly In 'Dragon Age' Mov… 
Lol I recommend that series Black Summer on Netflix , if you like survival movies and shows 
She's in a lot of his movies.  Here she is in Casino getting mad everytime  Piscano cu… 
Reading your favorite book multiple times can offer more benefits than you might think... What are you reading th… 
Ugh. Why did I start reading this? Thanks, but no thanks. I hadn't heard of these movies before...so thanks, I gues… 
Objectively, A Wrinkle In Ti… 
Experience an epic comedy adventure for all ages! #MissingLink is NOW PLAYING! See it this weekend and get tickets… 
I'm going to take this opportunity to hate on weed and on my old self for spending literally years of my life stone… 
Nero Platinum 2019 Suite 20.0.07200 Nero Platinum 2019 Multimedia Suite allows you to manage, create, convert, pl… 
I don't get why people take movies so seriously. Especially family films like SW, Marvel, etc. Just… 
It was / is one of the greatest movies ever. Anything that brings another soul to Christ, is such a… 
Just because Mel is a hater doesn't make all.of his movies bad. I am glad that you fo… 
Proud to be the 7,767th  on for RiffTrax Live 2019 - THREE Great Movies Riffed Live!. Thanks 
Still photo from the set of #chrischarais #actor #actors… 
Answer the door and it’s the pizza I had ordered so I can watch horror movies and have delicious pizza 
we're the bullies in teen movies 
Scary picture, looks like those hill billies from 'Wrong turn' movies! 
Monix and me went to the movies to see Shazam. Fee days ago and it was Awesome funny as hell 
We’ve had many movies at The Gem, question is, will you be there this Sunday or you’ll be feeling FOMO? #SINdays 
What if the last shot in sports movies... missed? 
Man, i just want to see them make more inclusive efforts in their future movies. They could be so good 
I prefer over Netflix for so many reasonsMain reason is content. I prefer older movies &amp; classic TV sh… 
I just need coto movies and maybe Spotify 
What are some recent movies which you found overrated? 
Top 10 Oh Crap Moments In Movies 
How can music written for movies be considered a reflection on the person performing it, or who has written the lyr… 
I was seeing someone who loved going to the theater and I realized that I just hate… 
With Avengers End Game coming soon....How to watch all 21 movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe - Polygon 
i have a bad habit of fantasizing about romantic shit after watching bollywood movies -i  
Venus Wong Lifestyle, Age, Height, Weight, Husband, Family, Biography, Movies, Net worth, etc 
Miley Cyrus American singer songwriter Lifestyle, Age, Height, Weight, Husband, Hair, Movies, etc 
Action movies are literally everything to me. I genuinely cried during the opening scene to xXx: Return of Xander Cage sooo... 
This is unacceptable period. This is why I don't watch a lot of movies or tv I'm not giving those sc… 
It is weird how many people don't realize it's a sequel. Being into movies is a weird sub… 
There are many movies that are considered worse, like TROLL 2 or PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE, but to me… 
This is the shit they in the movies.  Let’s co-sign something terrible for the greater good. What-the… 
“Only 80s kids will remember—“ or, y’know, anyone who had parent who lived in the 80s who shared stuff/movies/foods… 
#feeling cute just might record a #podcast later. IDK #inspiration  #podcastersofinstagram #interview… 
To all movies in the box office... I’m sorry if your opening the same weekend as of Avengers... To all movies in hi… 
The EternalsThe Fantastic FourGuardians of the Galaxy :Volume ThreeCaptain Marvel TwoMarvel can introduce sever… 
Cristin Milioti Lifestyle,Age,Height,Movies,Boyfriend,Family,forgo,Net worth, etc 
#Movie "The Vagina Diaries" (2013) 
He’s done a ton of stuff. My favorite role of his is when he played Arvid in Swing Kids...that’s one of my favorite movies. 
Oh not at this time. I can look it up and i was just given over a 100 dvds. I'm watching movies (etc) for months 
I gave it it a B below. It’s worth a watch. I’m weird—my least favorite parts of music movies tend t… 
Nope! They don’t have the brains or the creativity to come up with TV sitcoms or movies anymore.… 
watching the same movies over and over again &gt;&gt;&gt; watching movies i’ve never watched before 
The worst thing to happen to this family was dad discovering cowboy movies 
Yes  GOAT.Fantasy movies ka definition hai ye series. 
That was pure sickness, something you’ll see in movies  
J-Critic: Spielberg Documentary  I think Spielberg makes a lot of movies over the years. He inspires me to become a… 
MOVIE REVIEW: This Oscar nominated foreign film is one of the year's very best 
#GameDev Practice of the week: Back in the 90s there were so many 2D platformer tie-ins of movies. What kind of sil… 
SomeBUNNY wanting to watch Hop at Suncoast’s Outdoor movie on the Sundeck? Book your tickets now!… 
I will tweet about good food, music and movies. Anything else is too risky I like my life. I don… 
I WIG OUT AT THE MOVIESI AM NOT A PILE OF SCRAP 
Movie Reviews: 'Breakthrough' &amp; 'The Curse of La Llorona' + More 
Christmas Movie For Kids | Family Movie | Hallmark Channel Original Movies 
#Disney Cancels #MouseGuard' Just Two Weeks Before Production Start 
I hate it when you're not sure if a car is going to stop or not to let you cross or when someone tries to tell you… 
 Thank you Clint.  You keep giving us movies that matter. 
Just watched it this morning myself  to missed so much between the two avenger movies 
Felt cute so I groomed my beard 
If everyone was to be an entrepreneur. Who would teach in schools, who would operate in theatre, who would design… 
Hi Penny, my favorite trash movies collection Lady!!  ! I can't access my old account and I made this new profile! Hugs!  
Instead of a remake, it should be a completely different story inspired by such and such movie#remakes #movies #SaturdayMorning 
We have the same taste in music and movies  
Albums Metallica - Master of Puppets; Sevendust-All I See is War Mov… 
Multiple problems with this:1) The article says Antman is the least profitable hero. And its calculated on h… 
Can someone please recommend a Series or Movies to watch on Netflix. 
I’ll playHate~any rom-comOverrated~UnderworldUnderrated~LegendLove~Clue:The MovieRepeat~Watership D… 
Nigerian movies ? Doesn't the country have any sound  engineers....  
Stand By Me also makes a decent attempt with the movie but for each of these quality movies we get C… 
Im guessing a lot of people have not seen many of the movies in this bracket, especially the classics.… 
The MCU clearly isn't made ONLY for adults. But, I wo… 
I was going to stay in, make popcorn, get KFC and beer and watch some movies but realized I don't have anything to… 
From one of my favorite movies...well done young ninja...well done! 
Leave Bond alone and go support movies like ANNA if you want strong female leads in this genre. It looks great. 
5: then it was talking about teacher movies. They were all white savior complex films. We were asked to identify wh… 
300cr budget se 132cr cross kar ke uchhal raha hai  Wo bhi 1st day… 
The grief that King portrayed is his gift as a writer the movies always mess this up when they adapt his novels 
HITCHCOCK FAN ARTby gauntt#hitchcock #alfredhitchcock #vertigo #cine #movies #jamesstewart #bygauntt… 
Peters has visions of her son. Very reminiscent of what we would see in both Solaris-movies as well. 
Nothing starts the weekend off so right as a case of food poisoning.  On the bright side, I re-watched two Marvel movies 
They used to mize Jackson on the Hannah Montana movies 
It’s just my opinion. Have you seen Fletch. It’s one of my favorite movies 
Austin we will see you at the movies April 26 to 28!!! Get your bands n tickets : 
What if I told you Wesley Snipes couldn’t really dunk? Or run fast? Or be athletic at all...… 
Somehow I forgot to take my kids to the movies the past two weeks, ohhhhh noooooo, shall have to wait for the Lego sequel DVD now, so sad. 
Don't you just love having to make the "I love the new movies" disclaimer to keep the mob at bay... 
In California, where they make movies with guns creating gun culture. 
My brother and I used to tape movies on SABC 1 &amp; eTV using this  
Stop ruining movies...... 
Watch Online Ransom S3E8 HD #Ransomware #ransom #movies #movie #MovieReview  #moviepass #TVSeries #TVShow 
Yes you are right #Mrityunjay politics and movies are different things and that's why we took this decision. 
No one has stardom in China. Only movies have power to collect.One of the biggest brands DC is gettin… 
It’s not a “kids” movie. There’s a lot of sexual content which is obviously not mea… 
"My glaucoma has being acting up all day" that's my lie and I'm sticking to it. ...#movies… 
We do to  and movies about video gamers 
You better do...these are good movies 
This is NOT an adequate explanation to why is raising its monthly fee to $12.99: “We’re hard at work impro… 
My Papa who is quite reluctant about Bollywood and the movies in general, watched #GullyBoy with me  And loved it,e… 
They enable artificial gravity on Event Horizon. BTW this I always find funny. Artificial gravity is one of the mos… 
The gravity drive core opens and show black goo. Justin touches the black goo. Because nothing bad has ever happene… 
Hayden Christensen: Ranking his top five roles (via 
Also while I'm ranting .To Bill Maher . I have a degree  in History, sociology , and Religions.I served my count… 
They picked up fans beyond those of us who Read comics .Sure DCs Batman , Superman , Wonder Woman , had fans in al… 
You had top tier actors trying to get into this world I loved .As A child to today I escape in these places .I ne… 
Favorite) &amp; his offspring the Vision .We met a redesigned Bucky Barnes in the Winter Soldier .Captain Americas ot… 
Movie .Then  2 sequel's to Captain America , a third Iron Man , more Thor .Introductions from great movies  to  m… 
On April 26 ( 25th for people who purchased early like me ) a story comes to it's End .Eleven years ago when Rober… 
As a paranormal investigator, Warren was also a film consultant for the ‘The Conjuring’ movies. 
I want bev mara this guy is telling me about movies. Yuh.  
bella thorne really is bad when she's in movies. 
Ooohhh mkayyy... thats me to every kissing scene in movies ever. 
Rotten Tomatoes is and always has been garbage to me. I’ve never listened to a sing… 
Then Came YouSuch movies Mina make me cry  
We review latest movies, pimp really cool stuff &amp; tell killer jokes: Our show is 4 Reel Movie Fans 
We review latest movies, pimp really cool stuff &amp; tell killer jokes: Our show is 4 Reel Movie Fan… 
‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World? 
#Movie "The Strange Affair of Uncle Harry" (1945) 
Interesting , hmmm didn’t like shameless so didn’t watch it much . So no movies or series , documentaries or no TV in general ? 
Junk food... A few good movies... And cutie to make out with and diss would be kinda cool right about now. 
Teens Explore Script writing! We will be making movies with their creations! Can't wait to see what they come up with!!!! 
Decided late to watch all the #marvel movies in preparation for #Endgame  thankfully my husbands away. No distracti… 
Lol I still prefer movies over the TV. 
 REEFER MADNESS 1936) d. Louis Gasnier; starring Dorothy Short, Kenneth Craig and Dave O’Brien .… 
I liked sailor moon and hamtaro  as a young child. My favorite Disney movies were Fantasia, Beauty an… 
‘Conjuring’ stars Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson pay tribute to Lorraine Warren via 
I'm kinda impressed. Most of most hated movies in one box. 
I’m dying at this  the comics are good but they’re not translated well into the movies. 
I just can't do horror movies hahaahahh 
Why are Rock Oldies great for fighting scenes in superhero movies? 
Some of y’all  choose to be extras in other people’s movies because you don’t drink water and mind it  
30 years later, they still come to Iowa's Field of Dreams via 
No! I'm super out of touch with like pop culture and movies  
Harry Potter movies 
I’m such a little bitch when it comes to sad love movies 
Yes because how much money a movie grosses tells us it has to be good. Avatar: not that good, highe… 
Two Socks!!! #DanceswithWolves #movies 
They can not. And they prove it repeatedly. Same movies over and over. No creativity anymore. Just laziness! 
the matrix #chronicles: John Wick II, my kindaf #SemanaSanta #vibes #VIBESNIGHT #friyay #saturdays #movies 
and then, it's #Unbelievable that and were having a fight in the sanctuary. I know that beca… 
is a #wealthy man, he pays with coins at the hotel. His #home went through a #disaster and it was a really cool… 
#movies so he came back for his car, and this guy knew. that's why they had it in a garage. and he killed the mecha… 
#just5minutesalone #wick i was watching 2 and my thoughts about the first one already involves his dog… 
What if Rowdy Burns makes it back from his concussion, and Russ Wheeler never gets a shot? What if Rowdy an… 
Disagree with your interpretation and I think only those involved would really know if anyone was chea… 
I’m picturing a Black Panther or Ragnarok at 19 to draw out vetos. If someone doesn’t f… 
Look, I know my mini-reviews are just surface-level shallow critiques; casual impressions of and on-the-fly feeling… 
Aquaman is a joke. DC movies slowly ruin their cartoons with their movies 
This dude makes me look fat, or maybe I’m not working out enough... either way I met I know him from… 
What if Rudy was never accepted into Notre Dame?  “What-ifs that would change the course of sports movies forev… 
can not say it enough how much I enjoy all your movies  
Stayed up watching Netflix movies all night. They was fye lmao 
I've become that old person that sleeps through movies  
You can’t play joker if you haven’t watched all the Batman movies with joker in it 
Some of them are not worth a second watchBut I have already started with phase one. It's amazing how different ph… 
"The Wolf of Wall Street" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
Directed by Paul Anderson, of distinction for movies such as Soldier, Alien vs Predator and a shitload of Resident Evil flicks. 
Alright. Watching one of my true personal love hate movies. Buckle up. 
Unlimited access to thousands of kid-friendly books, movies, TV shows, educational apps, and games.Starting at jus… 
Agreed.  PG13 movies are not for kids too young to be comparatively quiet.  One reason I have inves… 
Beyoncé releases Homecoming on Netflix and the whole libary got 400% better with new shows and movies… 
1. Watch the sunrise on  the Beach2.  Watch all of the SSD Movies3.  Watch all of my favorite movie… 
I went to Russia solo for the world cup, all the negative things in movies about Russians is mostly… 
Movies that premiered on  April 20:Annie Hall (1977) Kickboxer (1989) Kodachrome (2018) 
Narrator: like general taste in movies and books, most people like shitty punch. 
Awesome movie, starring two legends. One of my top two movies of all time 
If spoiling creed had lived would they be making creed movies now? 
"Ad:" The Midnight Horror Collection Vol. 2 DVD 2-Disc Set 8 Movies Read Description  fly… 
Bruce Willis man what a career, he was in a series of movies in which he couldn’t die, and one movie in which he was dead the whole time! 
5 Sites and Apps to Find Movies &amp; TV Shows to Watch on Netflix - 
Hmm,...PhillyHaven't been to that place since before the “Rocky” movies...but that was before it beca… 
reality high and the bunny house are must watch movies uwu 
We came back from campus.. And we got the stash and the munchies.. And watched movies the whole time 
That kid really cracked me up, on the Adams Family Movies. Wonder what her thing is now . 
#Movie "A Dark Place Inside" (2014) 
I will forever be disappointed that the Chris Nolan Batman movies didn't feature The Penguin. 
Watching movies in bed. 
Sivakarthikeyan wants to make more comedy films after ‘Mr Local’ 
Ya too late! I've seen the video and it led me to finding her awesome channel! Ahaha thanks for thinkin… 
I doing they'll recast her unfortunately. Marvel is, unlike DC capable of keeping the sam… 
#film #movies #celebrityOh no! #blessup #getwellsoon 
Why does it always look bigger in the movies? 
Watching movies with my Bat  
Me too. I am having a boring weekend.  Just gonna watch movies on Netflix 
If you just see the movies you might misunderstand the work they really did. Tho The Catholic Church… 
I really love zombie movies 
more movies like this cinemo pls  
Ethan Hawke Breaks Down His Most Iconic Characters, From 'Gattaca' to 'Training Day' #Movies #TV 
All the Bond Girls till Skyfall #Movies #TV 
We need more movies like Netflix’s #SomeoneGreat because it was real as hell  
Why I prefer books over movies everytime!! 
I just like movies  
The Crown Season 4 Casts Princess Di: 'I Will Strive to Do Her Justice' - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Film ki kaun baat karega? #Bharat is yet to be released in theatres.Will talk about the concept &amp; executio… 
For me Dan Brown's Angels &amp; Demons and The DaVinci Code fell short in the movies. They completely faile… 
Does he say the same thing after watching your movies too?  
Watched all three Mighty Ducks movies today 
Its up there, I'm certain its the best!!!    You should doubt yourself about your choice.  Maybe you ha… 
Hay ,i made a list of 6  India best Movies my can find the Movies lets 
#MCURewatch just finished Thor Ragnarok. This has to be my favourite #MCU movie. Just so well thought out. One of t… 
Viceroy's House review: Chadha's film gives us a feeling for how terrible these events were. 
What????? I know him I just don't watch his movies or series etc. 
DEADLY TEN: Full Moon Features Invites You To Watch The Production of Ten Horror Movies This Summer 
I enjoyed the books so much the movies fell short for me. But Lord of The Rings trilogy for me does it  
My hobby is screaming "product placement" during movies and music videos 
No! They are loud! Isn't it funny how different they sound as opposed to how they sound in movies? 
The snow flakes you see in the early movies were actually popcorns. 
the real money has always been on merchandise and toys -for BOTH kids and adults. Besides, why is it so… 
YouTube Disables Comments on Livestream of House Hearing on Hate Speech - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
is the Queen of African Movies ,we love you mama 
Who else is watching movies al through today? I can't kill myself. 
I feel like there’s a lot of people who apparently don’t realize or remember THEY were a child once who… 
Justin Hartley of ‘This Is Us’ Buys Mini-Mansion in Encino (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
‘Monsters At Work’: Billy Crystal &amp; John Goodman To Reprise ‘Monsters, Inc.’ Voice Roles On Disney+ Animated Series… 
see you more 
i swear i’m the only person who doesn’t care about the stupid Avengers movies  
Marvel is just going down trying to comply with the #MeToo movement Their movies will fail miserably 
This female-led, feel-good film will make you feel like 'Someone Great'  
‘The Crown’ Casts Emma Corrin as Princess Diana - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Can't write this stuff or make it up  this is two movies in one  
Only if I could know such viciousness of these actors and directors etc years back I coul… 
#Movie "Masterpiece: Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns" (2013) 
I love Godzilla movies! 
The Fate of the Furious Trailer 2017 Movie clips Trailers movie reviews | online movie | action movies | horror mov… 
AMERICAN MILITARY NEWS disclosed: 5 TV shows and movies to binge-watch over the long Easter weekend  
Insidious movies HANDS DOWN 
Thor is one of my favourite avengers but his movies are so whack. Smh. 
Dear #WritingCommunity, what are your favourite movies? &gt; Casablanca&gt; Seven Samurai&gt; The Good the Bad and the U… 
Subtitles are very distracting and ruin most movies, shows, videos... 
To Black people: They promote movies like "12 years a slave" Thus progressive liberals in Hollywood… 
- do we get to see this car in action in Bond 25? #JamesBond #bond25 #movies #Hollywood 
Yes I have seen it without knowing what it was about. But after 10 or so minutes I did understand. I th… 
Any of you seen Clerks, Chasing Amy, Mallrats or Dogma? These movies are so good and I used to have a thing for Jas… 
Movies 
none of the movies, documentaries, new releases etc are working! Has been this way for several days now 
There's a difference between applying movies things in your life and your life being a movie. You my friend are l… 
I wanna go to the movies. And I want popcorn and nachos  and a big ass slush 
I remember Hillbrow Records, Estoril Books and movies at the Club 
Dude All James bond movies slaps..... 
Almost finished watching all Marvel movies 
12 Most Iconic Movie Scenes Recreated in LEGO #legi #movies #moviescenes #recreation #list12 
Have you watched The Garden of Words? It’s really good! It’s one of my favorite movies! 
New Pearson Promo: It’s Hard to Stay Clean in a Dirty Town - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Patricia Arquette y Balthazar Getty en "Lost Highway" ('Carretera perdida', 1997), de David Lynch....#cine… 
Violence is viewed thru the Internet, video games, cartoons, some TV/PG13 movies, approved school reading list… 
I'm looking forward to it hopefully being better than the first movie! There's a lot of sentimental… 
Cant waiy to go home and watch movies 
Delusional Robert De Niro always had a problem with reality! He continues to believe that the movie… 
I just want to spend today with my man and my nunu. Movies and food fela. 
Once encountered Sandra Bullock in a stationary store on Melrose Blvd in Hollywood CA.I asked Sandra to meet my Jap… 
Only movies on this list are actually good and none are ranked top 5 
So basically you have to re buy your games and you cant watch movies you now have to buy them form the Microsoft store 
A fingering teen caught by mom in violent milf movies #milf #nsfw #porn #xxx #sex #adult #pussy #mature #maturewife… 
#Movie "Nympha" (2007) 
Kids should be cancelled from movies 
I just bought the most expensive item I've ever owned as my birthday gift.I don't usually celebrate my birthday co… 
Netflix's random play button is what we've all been waiting Netflix movies and TV… 
Subscribe to Viu and binge watch series and movies like etv's Switch to Viu… 
MOVIE REVIEW: With 'Homecoming' Beyoncé is taking her place in 
The right of speaking on political matters should be snatched away from #Bollywood These guys are only fit to make… 
Up late watching movies slowly fading 
Well that is the truth besides Brokeback Mountain is one of my favorite movies  
Movies have retakes and stuff like that. Bare that in mind next time you attempt movie ish that affect those around you. 
Do I stay at home &amp; finally watch #HowToTrainYourDragon3 or go to the movies &amp; see #CaptainMarvel? 
The cinematography is the only thing that got better with nollywood movies since ‘blackberry babes’, after that the… 
I chose not to work and just watch movies, if anyone cares. Lol 
‘We Obsess Over Movies | Ep.06 | Blade Runner Vs. Blade Runner 2049’ on #SoundCloud #np 
For years I would look through magazines and watch TV or movies and never see girls that looked like me.That had s… 
Mine too. Well worth its place in the Holy Trinity of kids sports movies (along with Cool Runnings and The Sandlot Kids). 
Batman Returns is "well-regarded"?T… 
Because the didn't have any creativity going into it, yet alone two movies later. /: 
The Cheat Sheet: The 2 Marvel Movies the Russo Brothers Say You Need to See Before ‘Avengers: Endgame’.… 
Haha i was once intrigued after i saw dat guy do the "leeu loop" (sp) in one of Leon Schuster movies 
The game storylines always impressed me. They could have been tied in with the movies. Look up transmedia 
Why do people in horror movies insist on checking for weird noises around their house in the dark?! Like flip that switch gosh darn it  
No... not really? Like I said, I knew it wasn’t going to be great. But I like to form op… 
It can’t overnight. The story is already fucked. It’s a turd polishing exercise a… 
what took so long?!? It’s like one of the best anime movies  
Today we dedicated the night to our moms  #TheCurseOfLaLlorona #Movies Cinemark Tinseltown 14 
New post (Asteroid Headed For Earth) has been published on Australian Art For Sale Art Gallery - Asteroid Headed F… 
stockings hd nylon stocking videos stocking movies girls in nylons teen babes in socks in stockings mature stocking… 
That is me. I was too scared. I don’t even watch horror movies 
You love movies? And you love hiking? Then you will love these thrilling hiking movies!#hikingmovies #hiking… 
It literally does. As much as you think this whole t… 
Aerosmith was and still is the most kickass band. Backstreet Boys I was never a big fan of.  at least they were be… 
Me and my friends are waiting for Avengers endgame!#avengers #avengersendgame #endgame #gameofthrones… 
Bob Dylan’s Nashville Whiskey Distillery Adds Art, Concert Spaces; Opening Moved to 2020 - 
#Movie "Genetics" (2014) 
In the movies it's canon that people were conditioned and encouraged to commit murder by the rich as… 
I’m a sucker for love . I can watch romance movies all day long. 
post scripts to the movie's production#sharemovies  #share #movies… 
Baseball movies are the best, college World Series is incredible, eating a hot dog at the field is tops, but baseba… 
Tbh, I'm okay with Japanese/Korean/Thai dramas/movies/music. I mean, we have different taste right? You can't blame… 
I’m gonna marathon Pokémon Movies until Beast Morphers is on 
I fear they'd give me the Apple equivalent of ”Did you read the label?”. The literal fine print in the… 
Watch horror movies and laugh at it 
my dude. Why is #Dogma so hard to find? My wife and I rank that in our top 3 best movies ever. And… 
I thought perfect couple only exist in books and movies, but that changed after i met you  
I would say to not just blindly believe any Rotten Tomatoes score, critic or audien… 
Movies, Drink, Seafood, Netflix 
I haven’t been to the movies in a loooong time and it’s sad  
Dating a hun who doesn't like or listen to Riri or Beyonce, nor watch Game of Thrones or into movies is just a wast… 
In the movies, she has a very similar pattern to a Burmese python 
Always say those early spiderman movies used to use actual rope.. like the same one from the shops.. telling us its… 
I'm pretty sure there were some Easter Bunny movies at some point... 
Not all movies but:Springboks v Australia RWC 1995Springboks v NZ RWC 1995Legends of the FallA Few Good Men… 
There are movies. Hop or Easter Bunny Bloodbath are two to choose from depending on your tastes. 
Can I watch all the movies in the MCU by the time End Game comes out in Australia? The attempt starts now! 
Any good shows or movies to watch? 
It’s too bad they didn’t/couldn’t use the actors from the movie for the show. I rarely ever rewatch… 
Be sure to not miss my new episode of my podcast! ryworse and I discussed Product Placement in movies! Is it good,… 
What if I watch dubbed movies with subtitles 
every one of the mcu movies are unwatchable pieces of cgi dogshit. deadpool and guardians included 
They killed it with The Ballad of Buster Scruggs too! They just need some solid projects… 
"Get Out" hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
An American Lady - Deanna DurbinOoh, do I have a treat for you! I want to introduce you to someone lovely and enjo… 
Why does Natasha's bike sound like Batman's in The Dark Knight movies? 
Today I was in so much pain and Ethan and I had planned a pretty big day! So when I came out and told him I didn’t… 
When i am just watching marvel moviesAnd rewatching thor: dark world i was sad loki "died" but in the end even th… 
Disney Channel Original Movies were the kids’ version of Lifetime Movies, don’t me 
Reptile Park...Quad Biking...Archery...Movies and Dinner! Great day ahead  
Saturday night at the movies with Hellboy!Book online now! 
Cried on my way home from work today.. &amp; pulled a PRESS ON NAIL OUT OF MY MOUTH while eating my last bite of popcor… 
Some of the first features of attraction develop between a daughter and her father. How is an event pr… 
Some little pricks broke into my boat , stole a laptop , hard drive full of movies and other items, I will look at… 
The Devil Man,Kings Man,Martian Man Hunter,Human Torch,Aqua-man,Plastc Man,Hawk Man And Animal Man... Most o… 
Yeah bro. But more movies.Like now I'm watching Rio 2 and I'm. Having a great ass time,  
Biggest mistake was hyping up that ending scene and not having it.. Like.. biggest anticlimax EVER! 
No TV/movies unless they were church-related, BUT we could watch any musical. Idk how or why my pa… 
Have you seen all the free #movies on Vu 
Personally I count them as official movies. Some of them have big name stars, big directors and eve… 
The Terrifying Real Story Behind the New Horror Movie 'The Curse of La Llorona' - 
When Did Slasher Movies Get So Respectable?The genre that never stays dead has risen again, and now auteurs like J… 
If I started a YouTube channel? Would u watch?  I would be talking about movies, gaming,  and toy hunting. 
Under the Silver Lake Is a Total Mess and Totally Worth ItDavid Robert Mitchell’s follow-up to It Follows is a puz… 
Look... Animation movies make so happy  
I’m like VERY good at horror movies 
War movies with a lesson. Why keep repeating the same story? Mix it up a bit. Media in motion. Try a twitter box to… 
Cuddling while watching movies with 
Keep it up my dude! You will make awesome movies! 
#Movie "Miles" (2015) 
Hi, I’m Dave. At this moment I’m on the cusp of printing the first copies of my second bo… 
So in hollywood, there is a TV trope known as a Renfield. Often depicted in Vampire m… 
#MrLocalOnMay17  StudioGreen2 swaps the release dates'! 
#SouthQueen trishtrashers new film titled #Raangi ' 
And so many good movies already. But pls don't take it to far, keep it normal. 
In #Kanchana3, Raghava Lawrence has retained all the commercial moments which worked with his target audience in th… 
Nigerian Nollywood Movies Producer Ifeanyi Onyeabor Is dead. 
 Storage-on-the-go!256GB EVO Plus MicroSD Card for #camera #photography… 
The new pet cemetary was one the most stupidest movies I’ve ever seen... 
Went to the movies and saw dumbo whit my brother's and friend mate's  it sucked  the only thing good about it wos… 
Movies to Watch This Earth Day: EcoWatch Staff Picks 
Multi-starrer movies: An evergreen money-making trend 
The New York Times Art, Movies, Dancing"The Week in Arts: ‘Gentleman Jack,’ Bad Bunny and a Musical About Psychoana… 
Here are some tv and movie ideas for your Easter weekend. 
 #NetflixWatchClub - Let's Begin “It’s a Club. For the People, By the People &amp; Of the… 
Spending The Weekend Entertaining? Enjoy Your Favourite Movies At Home This Easter Weekend With Your Own Integra… 
This Saturday, get down to a Ster-Kinekor Theatre near you and watch one of our Saturday Selection movies in comfor… 
Wishing u the best  ... I hope the makers don’t copy slb set aesthetics for a change. Asutosh makes peri… 
Yup *sigh* I’ve downloaded so many movies also  
I think the first movie I really watched 50 times was Smokey and the Bandit. Other top movies are The… 
Except they are an adult. As a teenager I saw my parents drinking. I saw drinking on tv and movies.… 
Some movies shouldn't have a Sequel 300Equalizer Who's on your list 
When Chembai acted in a film 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019!… 
Does it mean you are going to promote more violent movies 
I would probably say 'justify my love' but honestly my parents let me watch a lot of movies quite early that… 
 I refrain from blue movies now. 
I really meant to Congratulate you and your husband sooner. I'm sure you are already a WONDERFU… 
So happy !! and I are watching one of my favorite movies ever,  Ratatouille !!! 
Top Library News story: Tessa Thompson and ‘Little Woods’ director Nia DaCosta are breaking down Holl… 
He had the subtitle right... was 2 movies off... but damn... 7 years ago is crazy 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) Full Movie Online FreeAvengers: Endgame (2019)Action, Adventure, Fantasy | 26 Apri… 
Lionsgate Acquires Spec Script ‘Meet the MacHines’; Temple Hill Attached To Produce - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
5 years in prison watching his own movies. 
Jennifer Lawrence’s Upcoming A24 Film Plot Details Revealed: Lawrence will be playing a U.S. solider who suffers a… 
Trade Talk: Jersey and Kanchana Set BO On Fire 
Mark my words, Hobbs and Shaw will be better than 7/8 of the fast and furious movies. 
I only do about 5 movies a year, but... is "kids can't sit through a Marvel movie with… 
I absolutely love watching Jen Lilley on all of the HALLMARK movies I'v… 
Some of the newest movies on this page are The Avengers Endgame, Escape Room, Shazam!, True Love Blooms, Doom Room… 
Jena Malone, Jack Huston, Kiersey Clemons, Gabourey Sidibe, Robert Aramayo, Tongayi Chirisa, Lily Cowles &amp; Eric Lan… 
The main reason most/ all horror movies suck balls!!# 
"The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when you're uncool." Almost Famo… 
This is Kiya. She's 4 years old and my youngest. She loves being athletic, loves Disney movies and… 
Sooooo.........now I know the TRUTH about ADD from I'm not slow, some people, an… 
Me and all my friends watching movies together! You should be jealous 
Crisper is....When you house sit for a really rich friend, who is batmans cousin dracula...this is how… 
It’s crazy I grew up on scary movies with blood and guts but now it’s increasingly hard for me to indulge in them.. 
Not sure how accurate the clues were about the double feature. I wouldn't call either of them serial killer movies, especially Wolf Guy. 
#Movie "Bird of Steel!" (2015) 
Do you like gladiator movies 
To them, during the current pc culture, it's the right thing...the only thing to do. If one were to re… 
'Teen Spirit' Is A Modern Twist On The Underdog Story Author: Ben CahlamerClick to here to read --&gt;… 
As a follow up movie. It feels like the Southland Tales of follow ups to movies by directors with big 1st hits 
Yes. Netflix bought out ALBUQUERQUE studios so that’s going to make film here even bigger. There’s alre… 
i’m so not down with commercials for scary movies that i don’t expect on my phone. its 3 am, i’m alone in my room a… 
They're all being recast except Deadpool. 
DONT GO PLACES ALONE. It pisses me off and stresses me out so much that people in scary movies continue to go place… 
I ate hot dog and bread with cheese while watching old movies  all day, and you? 
Not to the movies directly, to the actual time period 
I'm watching Manchester by the Sea (2016) #trakt 
Things scary movies have taught me:(a thread) 
Meant to hit downtown then workout after but i ended up watching the avengers movies lol 
Coming Soon Visits the Set of Annabelle Comes Home! - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
New movies and shows on Netflix this weekend: Someone Great and more 
  the last two miss me .. I can do movies and lunch.. 
Yeah see for whatever reason, probably my love of turn based tactics games, I choreograph fights in my head… 
All 3 are highly underrated movies most people missed, and all 3 deserved better 
Okay this is what I want..-Lunch -movies-a day at spa -Atleast 2 bottle of champagne..You have 4 m… 
Disney Movies #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Paranormal investigator and author Lorraine Warren, whose ghost-hunting cases with her late husband inspired movies… 
Disney Committed To Making New Alien And Planet Of The Apes Movies 
The Perfect Date- Noah Centineo is super charming and I'd be in love with him if I was 16. He's charming in this mo… 
To all my new followers: welcome.Sorry it took so long to catch up. Had to sort out a few idiots that followed me… 
Scary movies are best watched alone anyway. 
Field of Dreams is one of those movies that never loses an ounce of luster. The build. The first scene with Liot… 
How Hollywood Legend Doris Day Plans to Celebrate Her 97th Birthday via Love every movie 
I usually don't count the Hallmark movies but feel I should count Netflix for some reason 
I just watched Thor (2011) #trakt 
It’s the missing link right? I’m planning on it! I love Laikia’s movies. So I am....excited. B) 
All ready for a Saturday of binging out and watching movies hell yeah. #easter2019 #movies #love #coupletime … 
Do movies like The Perfect Date or To All the Boys I've Loved Before count as movies or TV movies? 
The Fifth Element is one of the greatest movies of all time. The end. 
Now who's influenced by too many movies?  Do you have any idea how many executive decisions we… 
In case you missed it in the fall. 
So I’m trying to catch up on Marvel movies I’ve missed before I see Endgame, and I just finished watching the endin… 
Just went down a weird rabbit hole of movies from my youth that I either thought I had dreamt/made up (they were re… 
Madi watches movies part 1: I watched Someone Great on Netflix and I rate it a 10/10 because I actually laughed out… 
With some good movies and a bottle of wine! 
BEST HORROR MOVIES YOU CAN NOT MISS IN 2019 (Trailer) via 
I love hearing my daughter laugh at her movies....all the Toy Story’s are currently her favorite 
I'm terrible with movies  I've never seen: - The Matrix - Lord of the Rings - Madea/Diary of... Film… 
What if it’s sprinkled into a tonic of shows and movies over a period 
most super hero movies would end within 2 minutes if they just used a gun 
An older man told me today that I was pretty enough to make in the movies haha what a jack ass 
#News The 12 movies you must absolutely, positively see this summer (yes, including 'Avenge #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
Watching the movie for the 100th time. Please tell me I’m not the only one who just noticed they brou… 
Sent that teeet off in a hurry, then started thinking about 30 other movies I could put in my… 
Games, movies, friends, what could be better? #silentweekend #asl #thisisthelife 
Iron Man 3 is just a small piece in the MCU. The Last Jedi is a supposed to be bigger than that.Iron M… 
I tried the same thing, but only have access to 4 of the movies. So I've finished already 
I imagine the money is there.Then it isn't. Then someone finds a partner. Then they don't have one.… 
I wanna do that thing in the movies where you write a note &amp; wrap it around a rock &amp; throw it through a window &amp; th… 
I watch porn movies 
That's fine if you don't. But Disney owns them both. There is a correlation. If the entire story is good… 
Hot Off The TruckPop! Movies: Avengers: Endgame is Available In Store and Online Here … 
Mom: Why are you rewatching all the movies?Me: I’m preparing for next week!  #AvengersEndgame 
#Movie "Before the Last Drop" (2014) 
Because the 90s was a time for teenagers featured in horror movies to stare moodily at you from their hazy blue pos… 
But people make movies with hired/rented resources,do expect them to be original and use their own property? 
We’re in the #Endgame now. 21 movies in 11 years has been leading to #AvengersEndgame One week left. 
“In the 20s social critics believed movies would turn our children to lives of wild delinquency. In the 50s a Senat… 
The word is used in movies and music that we listen too. I’ve also heard the word used by fans at t… 
Lol! Like in horror movies? 
This is a conversation I just overheard at between a mother and daughter JB Hi-Fi:Mother: “Do you watch movies?”… 
Sounds like they could. 
The thing is...we've got Terminator and Joker movies coming. WB works closely with DC. So...I can see it. 
DC does great royalties. Marvel, not so much... 
Chris Hemsworth Says He'll Play Thor For As Long As Marvel Lets Him 
and minhyuk told me after you're done there can u come and watch movies w him pretty pls — YES we will have movie m… 
He can't afford a pizza, but can afford to go out to the movies? Okaaay 
Idk I feel like the new Star Wars movies are some of the most beautifully curated pieces of art we’ll see in our li… 
You are the books you read, the movies you watch, the music you listen to, the people you spent time with, the conv… 
Jess I think you’re right, they’re worth a billion or close to it. Between $ f… 
Love him... top 3 favorite sports movies of all time Miracles... he was fantastic as 1980 USA coach Herb Brooks 
#CountdownToEndgame The most anticipated movie for a certain demographic #BlackPanter lived up to an expectation th… 
This is one of those Disney Original movies that I loved growing up! Apparently the same guy did the fir… 
why something so specific?Because I remember watching a lot of weirdshit action movies on late night sundays in T… 
Sterling isn’t having a good night which means I’ll be up watching horror movies for most of the night 
"We don’t make movies to make money, we make money to make more movies."– Walt Disney 
Idk why people thought it would be good I called it from the beginning lol she sucked in WWE and she… 
So true, it's funny blacks complain they don't win movie awards, but also they can play Asian parts… 
While #Shazam the movie was entertaining, I wasn’t as blown away by it as I expected. Were my expectations too high… 
Promotionally, Joker and Terminator make sense since they have movies coming out. And Spawn and Ash would be big fa… 
Like, I don't mind kids cheering or screaming during fun moments. But there is a fucking limit. Movies aren't cheap… 
Captain America Civil War is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen. But I haven’t watched infinity war yet so.. 
"You have to get past the Avengers and Marvel shit at some point, ok? Other fucking people make mo… 
"Even"? I'd say Cap has some of the most tactical superhero movies, because that's his thing, he's a l… 
I have now seen 20/21 marvel movies before Endgame comes out next week  
Many people don't see them as kid's movies. There are some grownup concepts i… 
I have come to the conclusion that the fifty shades movies are...stupid 
After Online and FreeThis is Romance Movies #afterMovieFree #latest #afterforfree 
I think I am pretty cool. I like all the same food that I like. I like the same music and movies as… 
Me, &amp; were bad as hell but we had so much fucking fun as kids.  I loved playing with m… 
Hav come to the conclusion that so many scary movies incorporate religious themes or imagery bc all religion is based on fear ok gn 
In Theaters Now: The Curse of La Llorona | Weekend Ticket 
That's what happens in the music industry, movies, TV. How many stories about singers… 
a short list of movies that all make me feel a very specific, indescribable way, changed my world view, and made me… 
I have been rewatching the Rambo movies #awesomeness when is Rambo 5 coming out and can I be an extra!!! 
“Glass” would’ve worked as a comedy. The fact that it was supposed to be taken seriously made it one of the dumbest… 
If you like the Last Jedi, that's great. But it made half of what The Force Awakens made worldwide. And then everyo… 
Movies are written by the critics as the actors perform. 
A bad King book to movie isn’t King’s fault. I’m usually disappointed because the movies rarely capture… 
With that Phase One is complete! Really enjoyed watching the first six movies in this order! It’s been a long time… 
In college, my friends and I made a habit/contest of trying to find the worst movies possible… 
Sports movies only 
Man, we make our own movies 
Wow, I'm surprised haha!! I'm so used to hearing fans complain about all the… 
Someone Great on Netflix is literally my new fav movie! That shit had me crying and laughing. I just love movies li… 
I love horror movies, even ridiculously bad ones, but that was awful. Not worth the hour and a half of hatewatching. 
greatest american movies:american weddingamerican pie 
I used to love romantic movies.. but now every time I watch them they remind me of 2 things. #1 what we could have… 
American offers free movies on your handhelds on the flight. 
after hearing two 3 year olds aren't screaming as dinosaurs ate people during fallen kingdom last sum… 
Right? I could watch Harry Potter movies forever, it is that good.  
Anyone else watch horror movies and instantly put on cartoons afterwards?  #imachicken 
i needa go to the movies bro 
Still need to see Spider-Man Homecoming, the two Ant-Man movies, Captain Marvel, Guardians of the Galaxy 2, a… 
Welcome to the Union Harry Potter Club! We meet every Tuesday after school in room 201! (AKA Mrs. Coolie's room) We… 
I got 12 out of 24. I'm pretty proud of that considering there was like 6 or 7 movies in there that I have never watched before 
Who's excited to see Carnage in the Venom sequel? 
The Silence is a shameless copy of A Quiet Place, but Stanley Tucci and Kiernan Shipka make it tolerable #Movies #TV 
I have clearly chosen to watch Hugh Grant's best and worst movies back to back, this one's only saving grace Drew Barrymore 
Post Goldeneye movies were a gradual slide downhill that turned into a pratfall by the last… 
Or the post-GoldenEye Brosnan movies. 
I’m not drunk passed out  I’m watching stupid Hallmark movies! Lol 
Christian Movie 2019 - God Where Are You - Best Family Movies For Everyone 
someone in Tokyo should come watch Shazam with me today, I hate going to the movies solo and it looks pretty fun. 
imagine if there were more movies with powerful women leads, so many girls would be more confident and realize their worth!! 
Blu-ray nerd, and even more so for Marvel movies. #MarvelStudios 
And that's how an idiot ruined his kids chances to watch movies by getting banned from entering there. 
As a Combat Vet I never expect war movies to be overly accurate. That being said the Hurt Locker was hot garbage. 
The Best Teen Movies on Netflix Right Now - 
I watched two movies this week: #homecoming and #vice. Amazing to see what drives individuals and the impact they can have on society. 
Manic Movies | Ep. 32 MCU Television Shows Review via 
Goodnight Wonderful Patriots! Wishing you all a wonderful Easter weekend! Just putting on one of my favorite mo… 
why do movies have endings there's not a single good one 
Top 10 Doris Day Movies 
Japanese Horror Comedy One Cut of the Dead Heads to Shudder - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Poker or movies 
I shouldn't be allowed to watch romantic movies. They fuck with my emotions. I don't think love is real, but the ho… 
eating and watching movies with Bella 
I support black movies but idk about this chief 
I Just Finished Watching &amp; Wow What A Fantastic Movie! This Is Masterpiece! Adam Driv… 
Want to surf the net anonymously, cheaper airplane tickets &amp; the latest movies on streaming services? You need a… 
All three Khan's fans should unite together and boycott his movies, enough of his and like mi… 
There's obviously a lot of valid criticism directed at horror movies, especially in their portrayal/treatment of wo… 
Or those people who think desaturation is bad when a lot of great movies like Saving Private Ryan have done it. 
i need to watch cute videos now i hate horror movies &gt;:( 
it might be a pyjamas, sushi &amp; movies kind of Saturday afternoon tbh 
#Movie "Divine Horsemen: The Living Gods of Haiti" (1985) 
I heard you also like Hallmark Christmas movies and I was hooked 
10 Upcoming New Horror Movies from Full Moon Include ‘Subspecies V’ and Solo Film ‘Blade: The Iron Cross’! - 
Netflix be having some good movies you just gotta find them 
why do i try to watcg scary movies when i just end up pissing my pants 
The Lion King will always be one of my favorite movies. #classic 
hajshshahs he was a viner. he's actually a youtuber, a model and is in some movies 
I don’t know enough about you to judge you :0 but I guess my first impression is that you’re a cool… 
I’m a sucker for movies.   Sigh 
First off...who was caught?! Second...Hader was i… 
He's still proud of his Daredevil movie. 
Anyone else really looking forward to Evil Anne Hathaway? #TheWitches 
So I want to talk about some of my favorite movies or at least reasons why I love a movie. Maybe I'll use #GoodAboutThisMovie when I do 
It's a huge franchise, there's novels, manga, anime, movies and so on. Toho has a version, but I hav… 
Movies with my lil brother until I fall out  
One of our favorite movies. Perfect Friday night off with my hub. Eden Prairie, Minnesota 
thabks for showing good movies, out of all the premium channels you guys are by far the best. 
One of my favorite movies ever!!!! 
#TheLastDriveIn You guys are better at recommending new movies to me than Pandora is a… 
You know the movies where the villain is the guy who comes in and takes over the compa… 
You cannot say its the parents for all those kids. Some lie, I'm at her house,  the movies,  eyc. They know their p… 
The Green Goblin stood out a lot more to me than the Joker, entirely because of the Riami films. Plus… 
We know where you should take that money, straight to the theatre to see - now playing!… 
I love 80s fantasy movies they’re all so fuckin weird 
there are so many movies i can remember watching with Tim Curry in it.. but my favorite by far is Step… 
Most important tip I can give: Bring your tablet, and download the airline’s app the day before! That’s… 
That specific sound used in movies/TV to denote someone getting their bell rung or losing their hearing by some lou… 
---The Gummy Bear Song - Long English Version Animation, animation movies full movies english,Disney, disney movies… 
People in movies always wear their shoes inside! #disgusting 
Tbh there are scenes in movies about Jesus that I can't even watch. I find myself closing my eyes or turning my hea… 
Still Love It! #trakt 
#Growingupdumb being at the movies and being told to “enjoy your movie” and saying “you too” 
"I've tried to live by The Ten Commandments... and lots of other Charles Heston movies!" #bmoviemaniacs 
I can barely imagine how horrible it would have been for suffragettes. T… 
Dc animated movies are way better than DC live action movies 
I’m just speculating here but looks like Kian saw the tweet where I suggested he should audition for 80s hair/glam… 
Had an awesome workout after work! Finishing off the night with some Halo Top and movies  
They don’t make movies like that anymore. 
I want to go to the movies as fancily as they do. 
I know that is bollo, but was he not tompo in one of the movies, 
Today's Horror Poll: Do you support independent horror movies/filmmakers/projects? 
It’s Friday night and I’m laying in bed 3 movies deep in Marvel marathon and I couldn’t be having a better time 
Damn some real deep cuts on The Last Drive In with never heard of Madman or Wolf Guy before and I’m… 
wow jonah hill’s mid90s is one of the realest movies i’ve ever seen 
"Drunk Parents" and 4 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Congratulations, you have terrible taste in movies. 
Jim Cavizel did a remarkable job with that role. He’s a fantastic actor. Mel Gibson makes great mov… 
come on man...you need to watch more Disney movies . 
It honestly doesn’t bother me. I mean, have you watched LORD OF THE RINGS lately? A lot of the CG in those movies doesn’t hold up great. 
I finally saw #Shazam. Oh my gosh. It’s automatically become one of the top 5 superhero movies on my list.… 
#KhakeeOne of the best cop 
Y'all why do I always watch scary movies when I have to be alone 
I always guess the wrong movies! 
Emma Watson may be joining the MCU! 
Wonder if he'll be a better Joker than Heath. 
Haven't watched GoT, too busy shooting, editing and writing generally. I do watch movies however and this is an exc… 
Congratulations! Go… 
I’m not gonna watch another marvel movie again either but that’s because once the credits rolled on Inf… 
I’m starting to hate romance movies 
I went straight from binging all of GoT again to rewatching all the MCU movies... what is wrong with me?!? 
Can’t wait to move to my next apartment. It’s a lot nicer than the one o was living in and I can’t thank anybody bu… 
no idea just don't like them i love action movies and other stuff 
i hate horror movies 
Me trying to sell democratic socialism to people who only watch MCU movies knowing full well that if DemSoc happens… 
Vic Mignogna, Voice Actor Who Plays Broly In Dragon Age Movies &amp; Games, Sues Funimation For Defamation - 
3:10 to Yuma, if you're ok with Western gunslinger movies 
Seeing those tweets I honestly gained a lot more respect for you. Not everything is about being pol… 
I’m so tired of black shows/movies about Black pain. We can’t get some non-cringey, well scripted and casted romanc… 
the sections in her memoir when she talks about filming it strike that perfect balance of being absolut… 
Top Gun is one of the best movies ever.  Fight me. 
We also stopped at the gas station and the guy asked her if she was wearing medicine for poison ivy and this fool s… 
Went to the movies with for the first time in 2 years. I missed it a lottttt and I'm just thankful as… 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) Full Movie Online Free #AvengersEndgame #Avenger #Movies #2019movies 
Meteor Man was one of my fav movies and Robert Townsend was one of the original black directors in the late 80s / e… 
It would have made the movies more fun 
Sorry. Can’t leave this one alone. So why do ppl admire actors, actresses, and singers? Serio… 
Why are all the Spy Kids movies on Netflix and why did I only just find out about this now 
What cracks me up.... fashion now days creates new designs?.... but we have seen all their new designs i… 
I was called a monster  I’m not the type to cry during movies/shows but sometimes i shed a few tears 
Awesome video. My favorite thing was the men in Black. Which is one of my favorite movies . I liked the dragon a lot to!!  
“Motherfunster....”No joke, I watched one of the Lethal Weapon movies in Ireland once… 
Sister asks, "Have we seen any movies in the theater this year that aren't Marvel movies?"Brother in law, "Oh yeah… 
#Movie "Warm Blooded Killers" (1999) 
None of these are guilty pleasure movies!  I’m damn proud to admit I love them all! 
 IMPORTANT Leading up to #AvengersEndgame I have begun my binge of all Marvel movies ending with Infinity War (… 
I'm starting to allow myself to really enjoy comic book movies.  was good, is good so fa… 
Loved Unbreakable, Split &amp; Glass.  Screw the critics. Great movies. Great replay value. Keep them coming.  
Watch Amy Winehouse: A Final Goodbye on Tubi: 
I love it when they show old home movies of the Kardashians and I can see what they actually looked like before the… 
Shoutout to all the puzzles in movies that have been solved by "Just put some water on it!" 
One thing I absolutely love about watching movies is having to turn my volume up or down drastically every few minutes. 
Keeps using DeepVeer for his 2rs vimal pan masala award but will not watch their movies. 
I know. Others disregard it completely because they can't stand crediting him solely because they dislike his movies. 
It's good story. They used to make movies about things like this. 
The internet really wants Daniel as the next Wolverine! 
GThai Movie 7: Pheromone 
They’ll remake all the marvel movies in 10 years anyway 
So hyped on the in the heights movie. More Latinx movies!!! 
my momma the worst to go to the movies with. she talk nonstop, don’t silence her phone, and don’t lower her brightness. 
April 26 I’m going to be at the movies period . 3 hrs and 1 minute 
Land Before Time: The Stone Of Cold Fire out here teaching us that we have to be accountable for our actions. And t… 
Long Way Home (2019)  #trakt 
watching horror movies alone: watching horror movies with siblings:  
I mean, Chris Evans has said he won't be doing anymore Captain America movies or cameos, so… 
The SJW’s are the ones that download it, because they don’t work..… 
If you go out to the movies and actually finish your bucket of popcorn you’re a goddamn animal 
-long ride on your bike. That always makes you feel better, then you can come stay at mine tonight and we can watch… 
I sometimes wonder the same thing, but being a part of this community and watching horror movies t… 
Lol the person who told me the play by play wasn't as impressed. I'd probably like it... Though I'd… 
O.o  the majority of HP fans I know despise the movies. 
Adjusted for inflation, The Passion of the Christ was a bigger movie than 'Back to the Future'. But 'The Towering… 
i LOVE movies like that omg i’ll have to see it now 
So these Phase III movies are organized around CIVIL WAR, INFINITY WAR, and ENDGAME. The ones that aren’t one of th… 
Today's Throwback: Tumbbad (2018) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A mythological story about a goddess who cre… 
Most of his movies are, tbh 
i just wanna lay in bed, eat taco bell &amp; watch scary movies with my momma.. 
I haven’t seen all of either of these movies but Jedi powe… 
I've been a big fan of hers since I saw her work on FROZEN RIVER 11 years… 
A worrying amount of movies were made based on their own poster art. 
Not bad for just over 300 grand right! Movies with 10 times that bud… 
Back in the Habit: On Set With Ricky Greenwood's 'Sinful Nuns'Above, Nina Hartley and Magdalene St. Michaels on t… 
Oh shit gotta add apocalypse movies to the list of things that I can’t watch when I’m anxious 
Movies , snacks , bed  I’m starting to get old lol  
I hate movies that show black people suffering. But I am interested 
love your movies 
The actual true story of The Conjuring, namely the Perron family and Enfield hauntings, is scarier than the movies… 
Action movies starring Emily Blunt &gt;&gt;&gt; Action movies not starring Emily Blunt 
Die Hard is totally a Christmas movie, as is Airplane, The Wizard of Oz, the entire library of Bond m… 
And everybody show up ready to watch movies til we drunk. Then dance and sing the rest of the night away. 
i became a film major because all of my communications major classes counted… 
Scott finally talked me into watching Avengers 2 ((which I avoided because I’m sooooo tired of super hero/comic mov… 
Teen romance movies are great and all, but I’m just here for the B-Plot Romance - the sidekicks who get together. T… 
I don't like marvel movies but I think they're more for everyone, not just kids.  Kinda like how no… 
Literally just had the worst time at the movie theater. Our local theater now serves alcohol and apparently they do… 
Yes it was. I was so pissed when they didn’t do any other of the movies 
Why am I not surprised by the fact that your kid is so fantastic? I'll read the reviews any day… 
Mel Gibson challenged the film industry establishment with his movie. All the prior “E… 
Move over, Avatar! 
Y’all.....think about how far the iron man suit has come since the first movies to now.... #IronMan2 #AvengersEndgame #AvengeTheFallen 
feel like shit just wanna watch movies all night 
Damian Lillard flops harder than most Colin Ferrell movies. 
I like movies that use the word imbued regarding plot devices. 
Good thing about watching the Marvel movies in order is seeing reactions through all the ups and downs. 7 days. #Endgame 
the original is only great because of the fond memories. bet yo… 
So, this scene takes place in South Korea, and ULTRON had a scene in South Korea as well. Are there any other Asian… 
Been nerding out these marvel movies all week. 
namjoon is my favorite movies of the week 
That’s why I also love The Mummy movies lol 
One of the best all-time movies ever made.  And it's older than even ME!! 
Why aren’t you doing any movies? 
This is the stuff of movies.  History.  And legends.  If true.  If  ... How can you not enjoy the show, regardless?   
Man this movie made me tear up. I hate military movies bro 
Me: “I don’t cry in movies”Watches Breakthrough: 
There are so many movies to watch!  And amazing content on TV, and Netflix, and, hel… 
Our Top 5 Dog Horror Movies #horror: Looking for a scary horror movie featuring dogs? Here is our list of top horro… 
I have an obsession with zombie movies...    Good or bad ones!     Love a good zombie movie but also love a bad one… 
Here's a dedication I wrote to my sister. It's nothing but inside jokes from our favorites (tv sho… 
Dear I don’t pay fees on movie tickets cause I don’t go to the movies fuck off with your bull shit advert… 
I think there are a few homages in this series finale to other shows and movies, I'm not sure if it's… 
Love those movies! 
God, so many great movies. I’m a huge Horror fan! But I’m gonna have to go the B-Horror route and say The Evil Dead  
There's lots that's problematic about especially later Scorsese. Wolf is two hours too long and too many… 
I agree. The Transformer movies are excellent as well and I hope they keep making them forever. 
Watching (Good Friday) movies,  seeing similarities with the Senators in Nero's day.  Amazing how… 
#News 5 TV shows and movies to binge-watch over the long Easter weekend #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself.Will Rogers 
10 PM EST, $197K.Vintage Nani at USA-BO . After a handful of not so Nani type movies, Nani is back with Nani-kind… 
Yeah. I’ll see endgame once. Then I think I’m done unless things improve drastically.  Have… 
Also watched The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 and the last half of Amityville 2: The Possession today. That’s more mov… 
me: i feel like the harry potter movies are on tv *turns on the tv*the tv: *harry potter movies are on* 
ugh you have all the fun.This is having Taste™ in movies. 
Roman Polanski sues to be reinstated to The Academy #Movies #TV 
Just #added a #new #poster to the #wall #laika new #movie #missinglink #animation #movies #hughjackman #stopmotion… 
1958 movies 
Ant-Man is down. Tomorrow will be Civil War, Doctor Strange, and Guardians 2. I'm gonna get through all these hecki… 
#Movie "Buck Privates" (1941) 
Sorry. You lost me at superhero movies for adults.  
8) having them. My life matters.  I have be… 
these movies they putting on streaming services need to stop trying to be A Quiet Place. 
breakthrough, in the movies 
Guess with video games downloading I’ll re watch some Marvel movies with the release of #Endgame 7 days away 
Batman Movies Starring Michael Keaton Returning To Theaters To Celebrate Anniversary 
For Confederate Memorial Day, checkout these books about the human side of Confederates that should be movies that… 
We decided to try to get through all the movies before opening night. #Endgame 
Oh I can’t bear to think of no more new Thor movies!  
Wait everyone saying it’s a kids movie I thought superhero movies were pg 13 I mean I was stupid whe… 
Oh sweet mother of chocolate, our sweet tooth is tingling! We just couldn't resist reposting the Loaded Lamington C… 
It's almost 4/20, dude! Which leads at to ask, What's the best stoner movie?… 
Awe, Brenda!!!  Keep your heart open! You will find a fellow to enjoy watching soul stirring movies with you!!… 
Never took myself to the movies before 
Looking for new horror movies. Any recommendations welcome. 
I have so much to do at home during the day but don't have anything to do here tonight so someone go out, come watc… 
Create a Animated Disney Movies Tier List via 
Watch Avengers: Endgame Full Movie Online Free'Avengers: Endgame' Teaser Breakdown Avengers: Endgame (2019)Acti… 
So she doesn’t even sing in movies cuz she don’t wanna mix things but she will release a reggae al… 
I don't care if you think his movies are bad, Snyder is an auteur. 
Two nights ago, I introduced Dana to "Alien." Tonight I'm introducing him to "Aliens." How you get to age 35 as a S… 
Seen all of his movies, love what he does 
boyfriend won’t watch a movie with me, can’t rent any movies. yay Friday...not 
TV is different than movies.… 
The best part of the #ThingsIHaventOutgrown hashtag is it made me reflect on how I haven't outgrown any of my child… 
Each of our movies has included, in the blooper reel, a section of people sort of shuffling/dancing between takes.… 
Emma Thompson is no Dame. Apparently she is too old to fly economy. Funny given the only way she is able to fly bus… 
I haven't read them or seen the movies! We exist.  
New video by OMNISEK: pokemon go NYC EGGSTRAVEGANZA event #DURecorder #PokemonGo #live #OmniSqwad #pokemongo… 
random humanstuck ventus hcs,, he doesn't like coffee, he talks to himself a lot, he kept a stuffed animal aqua gav… 
Ppl believe what they want to believe. Most bots online who push Russia thing were paid by MSM which ha… 
I’d like to point out...no one Venmo me money. How the fuck am I suppose to go to the movies with out gummy bears o… 
Movies with my boys  
And NO SCARY MOVIES. 
What a sffhhtti,need to show them whats Martial Law is and how its rule and send them all to Gu… 
I forgot how stupidly funny the #Deadpool movies were 
Andy Serkis is batshit bonkers, and Michael B Jordan delivers one of the best villains in this entire series of movies. 
One of my top 10 movies for this very reason. It is such a good movie. 
Before 1990 horror movies were full of 35 year old horny teenagers. #Madman #TheLastDriveIn 
Does anyone else get the sudden urge to just watch all the Harry Potter movies in one sitting? It hits me at least twice a day 
I'd love to see other movies get the Muppet Treatment. Hell or High Water, Reqium for a Dream, or som… 
you sneaky man, I just finally noticed that you are teaching me things while you entertain me (I kno… 
Lifetime movies must be on hiatus The “nasty women” are needing something to butch about! Spare us your opinions 
i hate watching movies more than once.... how could it be better 
"He's been in dozens of movies, just to be decapitated"I have new career goals. #TheLastDriveIn 
Heal sweetie. Listen to your most inspiring music, have a good soul washing cry, rest, watch your fav… 
Dequari was sick today so made a palette and rented movies and just hung out until he felt better then went grocery shopping. Success. 
there are no good movies on netflix 
#Expendables night hello ... Hell Yah ! #Movies 123 
Horror movies without the jump scares? #Movies #TV 
New Image from Terrence Malick's 'A Hidden Life' - About Austrian Franz Jägerstätter, a conscientious objector, ref… 
Oh snap! Joe Bob's airing MADMAN tonight, perhaps the best F-13th ripoff ever made! I haven't seen this sucker sinc… 
if you know me, you know i don’t watch movies (which is funny cause i was a film major in college)... just watched… 
We decided to watch the Twilight movies, and the fact that Edward Cullen is a vampire doesn’t even break the top 5 reasons he is undateable. 
Marathon the Marvel movies in anticipation of Endgame 
why there is a Resistance / where the New Order came from / what happened to the Empire post ROTJ. The Aftermath bo… 
#TCMParty People in movies always lose their minds before they die. 
It’s funny to think that this movie actually takes place before SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING. The order of these Phase III movies is pretty loose. 
I by no means dislike the movies. Just my least favorite of the 3. Still ahead of a bunch of others. 
“It’s these two Grace Jones lookin’ chicks with spears.”I always liked Grace Jones. A VIEW TO A KILL is one of my… 
Let’s all agree to not listen to anything most celebrities say unless it’s in a movie. And even then,… 
Havent seen all the movies but if this is hiw it ends im interested 
Houston, relax — you are already entered to win. “Tweeting thr… 
I don’t know a lot of fans, but I need to take a break from movie trailers for to tell you th… 
Nope.   First off- Civil War’s Zemo doesn’t compare to Lex from BVS.  While the fi… 
Your gifs just make me want to watch ALL the movies. Love that one! 
 yeh log kaha samjtey hai woh sab. All want is holiday gain. Creativity and lallu movies have no connection at all. 
Bonus points this edition- knowing previous profession of a BNL member, naming movies that a song was in. 
I need someone to come see scary movies in theaters with me cause Todd doesnt like them 
Eddie Murphy is literally talented asf Coming to America is one of the best movies out 
Aw man, I love it when audiences get excited. I say screw the opera hou… 
Basically feel as if you’re going to be alone forever? watch Someone Great. Such an amazing movie- by far one of th… 
What are some good shows/movies on Netflix? 
OK. I was wrong. The end of was awful. Talk about ruining a series of movies and then trying to redeem it at the very, very end. 
Oh god. It’s next week already?!? I’ve got some movies to watch 
watching cartoons and Disney Movies #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Beer, snacks &amp; movies with my boys. 
Sitting in my best friends pitch black living room. Lifted my phone and the light reflected from her TV.Looked li… 
They might have won the state championship by more than a few points. Bertier getting hurt… 
What’s that song? Edition, on the way to the movies: #3rdeyeblind, #EJ, 
If you like movies that make you think I suggest the movie Fracture. It's one of the best films that Netflix has at this time. 
60 Free Film Noir Movies via #genre #filmnoir #resources 
"Anyone who loves their Rocky movies, he (Dave Warner) has the eye of the tiger at the moment. I saw him in Dubai,… 
The Fast and Furious is like the Saints Row of movies.They started out as something grounded and then went total batshit. 
When I look at mythological visuals such as tv shows or movies and they say human beings are a disgrace and filled… 
Millions of people go to the movies every day.In total, how many people went to the movies? Bill… 
During this cycle of adapting movies as Broadway musicals...I wonder if anyone has considered  Lady by Choice (1934) 
What should I see Twitter? #twitterpoll #whattodo #movies #OpinionPoll #Opinion 
Bob Saget’s Benjamin Trailer: First Look at Red Box’s First Original Film - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I'm just gonna say it: In the Transformers Bayformers movies, Lennox is definitely not the brightest bulb humanity… 
go to a cafe!! or take her to the movies 
Top 10 Best Horror Movies on Amazon Prime #horror: Is Amazon Prime worth it for horror fans? That is the big questi… 
I feel if you watch their real thoughts on movies closely you can tell there are signs of them being… 
#MobileApp Never go down into the basement...alone.Or do, with these scary movies right at your fingertips … 
Watching Iron Man 3 with the fam. I get why some people get frustrated with this movie. There’s a lot going on and… 
My anxiety makes me act like Kristen Stewart as Bella in the Twilight movies and that is so unfortunate. If you hav… 
Yep, it's totally official!!#MortalEngines STILL kicks most all other movies in the Anti-Tractionist's ass!!Thi… 
Christian combined holidays, why is one gone and the other elevated? With more movies for Halloween &amp; all gone for this weekend? You'd 
I will never outgrow animated movies for kids. #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Lifetime movies be crazy asf 
amazing job in #TheUpside  one of my new favorite movies!!!! 
No phones. No tv. No movies unless it was a church movie. No friends. No computer. No homework. No shopping. 
Single life really be hitting me at night time tho  a bitch be bored asl watching movies by myself  
5 Recent Horror Movies That We Hope Will Be The Start Of A Franchise (&amp; 5 We Don't) 
#Movie "Porters: Two Men and a Sex Doll" (2010) 
When Hollywood would set Sherlock Holmes movies in the mid-twentieth cent… 
Also I mentioned movies and here they are as posted in the format of  Choose your fighter: Which would you Choose? 
Watching scary movies alone cause I got nobody 
I've made my peace with it. Lord knows the last thing I want is realistic spy movies - which woul… 
This has been on my top 10 favorite movies of all time. So now I’m seriously excited! 
Top 10 Crossover Horror Movie Easter Eggs! | Arrow in the Head 
Y’all ever think about all the people that die in them car crashes in movies? I think about that a lot 
Goldfinger is the mansplainiest of movies. 
Netflix vs. Hulu: Which streaming service is right for you? 
Me too lol. I skipped a couple days of my Endgame Marathon so I have a few movies to catch up on and I… 
Don’t expect new Star Wars movies after #EpisodeIX: 
Am I the only one that finds that modern bible films are a poor and laughable attempt at the cinema of the 50's to… 
I want go to the movies 
The other movies have a lot of suspense before the act… 
Video games, youtubers, movies do not make me go on killing sprees...youtube… 
You've gotta watch this. 
not as scary as the real thing. #movies 
‘The Crown’ Casts Newcomer as Princess Diana - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Bronze Age of Monster Movies: 2005 to 2012 (Incomplete) 
Silver Age of Monster Movies: 1984 to 2004 (Incomplete) 
Copper Age of Monster Movies: 1969 to 1983 (Incomplete) 
Golden Age of Monster Movies: 1953 to 1968 (Incomplete) 
Stone Age of Monster Movies: 1900 to 1952 (Incomplete) 
One of my all time favorite actors. Even bad movies get better with Tim Curry in them and honestly… 
I wanna go to the movies and see avengers end game  
Petra and I stayed up till nearly 5AM last night discussing Disney movies and drinking coffee. Here's what you need… 
Honestly, the best part of movies is making fun of what a shitty actor he is.… 
NEW Horror Movies Adult Coloring Activity Book Freddy Krueger Evil Dead via 
Roman Polanski Sues to Be Reinstated to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Reinstate Po… 
scary movies are my fav of all time. 
1/2: I'm a little disappointed that I didn't begin watching the Marvel movies until just a few years ago. I have wa… 
73? That can’t be right. Also, if you haven’t seen Clue you really need to. #TimCurry #Clue #movies #ForeverYoung 
4 movies a day 
What happens when  certain people call my phone and I have to wait for it to stop ringing so I can use my phone aga… 
This sux sweet pickles.   Hope to see Colin in the movies?? 
jordan is currently forcing me to watch one of the chucky movies and i am irate. 
i b high as fuck watchin music videos on the tv like they movies  
I hated it when I first got here well it's still not great b… 
Top 25 Horror Movies with a Twist Ending You Must See! Again! #horror: I appreciate a good horror movie with a twis… 
I'm a sucker for Statham movies 
Sorry to jump in, but I love PCP Radio, Brian! The songs are great and you steer me to even more movies!  
One of the funniest and best movies ever 
Feeling cute...I may, idk, order a whole pizza for myself and laugh while I watch teenagers get murdered in some sl… 
Is there any genre of movie that seems to consistently begin happier than horror movies? 
Whatever you say, person who thinks calling someone ‘mom’ is a joke while legit lec… 
Bring the family to Oracle Boulevard in Broadbeach this Easter Sunday and Monday and enjoy free open-air movie scre… 
"My self-image, it still isn't that alright. No matter how famous I am, no matter how many people go to see my movi… 
and I just watched it today and it’s hands down one of the most inspiring movies I’ve ever watched.… 
Lets talk old movies more  
My new favorite thing...plug up my headset to my controller and watch movies...why u might ask...cuz it’s like surr… 
All the Arnold movies... 
Fun thread of all the cameos DJT has had in movies and tv shows. It’s amazing how things change when you’re no long… 
Winter Solder is by far one of the best Marvel movies ever released 
It was the first baseball movie I ever watched so I kinda fell in love by default cuz I love movies and I love baseball so 
#news - Disney movies will still come to Netflix after Disney+ launch - - Disney has been p… 
That's my point. No more kids movies in theaters. Ban the movies. 
Why do people scream so much in suburban wanna-be dive bars? The deep smokey cackle is a thing of horror movies. 
I love Shudder movies I use every nights watch horror movies I really like about it keep good jobs on website  
You guys have gone so far off topic - it was in reference to Sports movies 
Hey I enjoyed both movies last week and is totally right about “The Changeling” being one o… 
Anyone know some good movies/shows on netflix 
I miss net movies. 
Literally says don’t bring you kid if you know they won’t behave that long lol. Superhero movies are fo… 
My fav was Title Wave. You could rent movies and buy tapes/CDs. 
Two- Only the couple went to the movies 
Lazy eyes are much more rare than a fiesty generic blacc WHOA man?  i jest but I will wonder why you like… 
Me: *mid ramble* there was this thing in...I think it was Age of Ultron...maybe Infinity War...one of the Marvel mo… 
Haha. One of my favorite horror movies. 
I recommend overlord or some old school movies like any stephen king movies or romeros dawn of the dead 
Avengers: Endgame is getting closer now, only 4 more sleeps! Book your tickets for our screenings on Wednesday now:… 
Yikes. 
That is an awesome movie. It had depth unlike a lot of those other 80s teen movies. 
Good movies on Netflix? 
First Impression: Dude who tweets about comics and movies and stuffCurrent Impression: Cool dude wh… 
Hey everyone!  Have you seen any of #tylerperry 's movies that featured Madea? I really enjoyed the first few films… 
If movies have taught me anything, it’s that you always have to tap on an instrument gauge in order to make sure it’s working properly. 
now accepting applications for someone who wants to watch scary movies with me 24/7 
I’ll find you something. If you can measure your bust it would help. Otherwise I’ll look for somet… 
Inspired many horror movies, RIP 
Whoever it is needs to start watching movies illegally like a normal person 
I love all of Tim Curry’s amazing  movies and clearly The Rocky Horror Picture Show is #1 but Home Alone 2 is my se… 
I'm watching Avengers: Infinity War (2018) #trakt 
hairspray is gonna always be one of those movies i’ll never get tired of 
Next unpopular opinion: season 2 is better than any of the past 3 Star Trek movies. 
16TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
Have you seen this? It's an interesting interpretation of UHF (proudly STILL one of my favorite movies,… 
Just because he is in one of my Favourite movies, the Red October's Doctor.I loved him in Clue. 
Classic Olsen Twins Movies Are Coming to Hulu 
#TheLastDriveIn is coming soon. If you have on Roku, be there, it's worth it if you like horror movies at… 
its ok,  and its one of my fav. movies....  I lied about it and trick… 
Watched #Aquaman, thought it was amazing and was an amazing actor! I cant stand how Harsh people ar… 
Ain’t been to the movies in so long forgot how loud it is in here 
I don't even know why they show kids movies in the theater anymore because every single kid should be banned from going. 
That there movies podcast I do has a new episode covering some stuff from March.Now that I will have free time, I… 
Netflix In Talks To Acquire Hollywood’s Historic Egyptian Theater From American Cinemateque -… 
Vincent Cassel Is a Dad Again! Actor and Wife Tina Kunakey Welcome Daughter Amazonie 
I’m going to make 3 movies this summer on an iPhone one a crime drama, one a horror comedy, and the last music dram… 
Criminally poorly used cast. I didn’t think the movies were all that awful. But a lot of wasted potential. 
New Episode and We're Now On Spotify March wasn't the biggest month, but there were still stand outs like Us an… 
Best Comedy Movies on Netflix Right Now (April 2019) 
Review | The excellent ‘Fast Color’ shows women of color with superpowers, literally 
If you are passionate about making your dreams come true, then you should seriously consider writing for the movies. 
#SignedSealedDelivered  #HigherGround  #HomeAgain  #SSD Movies are AMAZING! The most uplifting, inspiring &amp;… 
Food &amp; movies all night , this rain is a dubb I’m not going outside  
Yeah, the people who are saying "don't bring kids to a kids movie" literally feed the "kiddie marvel m… 
I'm calling this Flash Back Friday ... This is from Rolling Stone, November 12, 2012. It's a great article / interv… 
Thank you s… 
No- Cap is handsomer so he is righter- that’s how Disney movies work 
going to the movies is my favorite thing to do 
wishing someone took me on a date to the i love scary movies experience  
If you have a region free player there's a decent German DVD available (full frame though). I reviewed it for my Me… 
Can I just say something? I’ve been a fan of joes for a very long time. He’s the most hardworking person I know of… 
I’m trying to find movies though. I got waaaay to many series going on. 
The funniest bloopers are usually at the end of comedy movies or Jackie Chan flicks... Never a dull moment  You did good Bo!  
I love how everything I've read about Endgame (having seen almost 0 other Marvel movies) is that everyone is so god… 
Thank you to your parents. You are a wonderful man! Love all your movies.  Glad you're on our side  
#Movie "Troublemakers: The Story of Land Art" (2014) 
So im.... watching this movie called Jurassic Galaxy and....... its already one of the worst movies ive ever seen 
I am a retiredscientist and University Academic with over 100 Published papers. I… 
I just entered contest to win a Fire TV Stick 4K &amp; THREE movies, including "Aquaman," "Green Book," "Sp… 
I need to start going to the movies with someone. I be looking lonely af  but it’s also relaxing 
New tradition called Drunk Disney. We watch Disney movies and follow the drinking rules. This week is Hunchback of… 
It’s tons of marvel movies coming out in-between to ease the pain of waiting tho 
Tonight 5 PM PST The Opperman 
Did you know you can stream free music, movies &amp; audiobooks with with your SLCL card? It's true! Get… 
GThai Movie 6: Ghost of Prakanong 
you guys should set up a Letterboxd to log the movies you are showing! Its a great app and im sure at l… 
Check out the large selection of #StarWars items available now from Books, movies, music, toys, and more!… 
I am always sceptical with books being turned into series/movies.While I thing The Summer King ser… 
I just want someone to cuddle and watch movies with ///: 
One of the BEST movies! Impeccable acting. Tom Hiddleston is riveting. A perfect actor with great ess… 
At some point you and I need to definitively rank those movies. Possibly after we've seen endgame. 
I can barely stay awake for a 30 minute tv show, I be knocked tryna watch 3 movies 
Evil has that effect. It isn’t just something from the movies. Look at Hi… 
Sometimes I really just want to cuddle on the couch with the Godly guy I pray to Jesus about, watch Disney movies o… 
*whispers* it’s about sports movies 
PODCASTS: All of Friday's show in link below!- #Vikings talk w/ #Twins talk w/ Kevin Ha… 
And again, we didn't see it at the semi-grindhouse theater that was cheap and mostly Cannon movies a… 
Dear Netflix, please never take away the Disney movies and please please pleaseeee add more . 
A thousand times “fuck yes” to this. I’m as white as a lifetime supply of Blimpie bread, and if I’m off… 
I love both of these movies 
#WeShouldWelcomeBack drive in movies! 
THEIR LOVE IS SO REAL!!!  is now playing. Get tickets here: #MakeItICONIC 
I should go to the movies. I’m bored. 
I know the feeling. I have a 512gb flash drive I use ( photos, movies,gifs, books, FAN… 
Anytime my friend.But there are conditions for dreams.They mean nothing if you eat spicy things, or watch scary movies. 
Watching movies and having snacks it's such a wonderful pass time a very chilled out Friday indeed. 
I enjoyed the hilarious cheese-fest of fifty shades darker. Over-acted movies are my jam. 
At least I’m using facts rather than ignoring them.  Prior to the 2016 e… 
‘Little Woods’ Review: Life Is Thicker Than Blood 
#GameofThrones will go down in history as one of the best series of all time, and the impending end is making us al… 
Do u love to watch movies? And what kind of movies? — yeah i do, im good with anything wag lang talaga horror 
Netflix I have a new invention and a great and more effective will increase the partic… 
My baby brother is going to the movies on a date, so guess who is going to the same movie  
Internet. I need you to solve a debate for me. If you had to replace DiNero in all of his movies. Would you rather… 
cool designs. Plus they collab with A24 who makes some of my fav horror movies. 
Estou assistindo Never Look Away (2018) #trakt 
The Terrifying Real Story Behind the New Horror Movie 'The Curse of La Llorona'. 
It is a shame how A24 handled the release of Under the Silver Lake, Starring Andrew Garfield and Riley Keough… 
'Shazam!' Actress Michelle Borth Signs 5-Movie Deal With Warner Brothers #Movies #TV 
If Trump isn't a witless asset of Russian influence then no one ever has been. I really wish that peop… 
Netflix I have a new invention and a great and more effective will increase the participati… 
I liked him in Uncle too! Lol! You fall asleep during… 
I actually dont know why its so popular. tbh i just found the movie neat because im a sucker for LEGO… 
I wish movies had theme songs like they did in the 80s, nothing beats Ghostbusters and Beverly Hills Cop 
"Robin Hood" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I love movies or tv show episodes that take place inside the body 
I realize that's a minority opinion, though. In both comics and movies I j… 
Scary movies don’t ever freak me out except devil/possession ones. Maybe because I saw the Omen and the E… 
I liked it but I think a lot of people won’t. I think what hurts it most is the trailer which sets you up for somet… 
Road to perdition was trash. Goodfellas is top ten movies ever made. 
Still on that cut and planning to slam some popcorn at the movies tonight; so I got in just under 8 miles of cardio… 
I know I’m late to the party, but I’m watching the Guardians of the Galaxy movies for the first time and I think th… 
Awesome collection of my home movies 
Fair enough. 
Are we all forgetting the Baz Luhrmann stuff? THINK ABOUT IT. These are his top three movies he’s made. The boys ar… 
Love love LOVE these. Thank you, for tackling these movies head on, as opposed to the blind love… 
Holy what movies are those... 
Not a fan of the Christian based movies. But again... love her! 
Alien Ant Farm - Movies via 
They took the "hell is repetition" line from storm of the century and made several movies on the premises 
i need somebody to watch horror movies with. all of my friends refuse 
Sad movies: I laughScary movies: I end up crying from laughterI can never watch a movie normally 
It's the worst possible way to be in a frontier area, or anywhere else that requires cooperatio… 
Every startup entrepreneur can relate to in this story! Founders and filmmakers have a lot in comm… 
Yes you do. Insanely good movies. 
I don't usually rewatch a ton of MCU movies, but CM is gonna be way up there for me next to Winter Soldier and Aven… 
R.I.P Lorraine Warren. You will be missed and thank you for inspiring James Wan to make all those great moviesThe… 
I Wanna Talk To Will Ask Him How The Fuck Does He Translate On All Levels, Son LIT From Music To Movies, To IG &amp; Al… 
This that rainy weather u jus sit n the crib n jus sip n smoke n jus lay up n watch movies.. 
I enjoy The Conjuring movies themselves, but everything else has been lacking. I hear good things about A… 
Winter soldier number 1! Haha it’s for sure top 5 in most. I wish I liked black Panther more :/ I’m 16/21… 
Movies &amp; TV Shows / Documentaries Starring People with Disabilities  via 
Watching movies with kids is the best experience because they shout at Thor to "look out… 
I am down for that! Could we start with the original, twilight and then work through the next 4 movies in the Potter saga? 
Of course not. But the movies built up Rey’s parents to be someone special, and then left that behind. 
I streamed movies on Chromecast today by using #MicrosoftEdge Dev. It's awesome! Bye bye Chrome. 
Avengers Movies - Runtime:• The Avengers - 2:22:54 • Avengers: Age of Ultron - 2:21:18• Avengers: Infinity War -… 
I worked at a small one called Showtime Video but it closed down when the Bl… 
I have streamed my movies today on Chromecast through #MicrosoftEdgeDev. Bye Chrome. 
I’m at the movies and this smol child had the burning desire to communicate with me and it was the cutest thing eve… 
Why? Don’t go to the movies till End Game out bro 
Best Horror Movies on Netflix Right Now (April 2019) 
Best Action Movies on Netflix Right Now (April 2019) 
I should follow I got the low down on what new movies coming out 
Are movies contagious? 
I'm watching Now You See Me (2013) #trakt 
#Movie "The Final Alliance" (1990) 
I post a lot about movies, which I love to write about and discuss. However, my full time job is marketing, which i… 
Sunny Hostin Will Host ‘The Whole Truth’ on Investigation Discovery (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Lot of well curated movies and series. They get very frequent updates, only great quality 720 and 1080p st… 
For when I have something to say to you, that all may not wish to hear. Same site as before, email=the 2 movies spo… 
Check out our co-founder on the new podcast talking about #AvengersEndgame… 
Hallmark movies gave me unrealistic expectations for relationships. 
I'm watching Iron Man (2008) #trakt 
I hardly see that from Marvel movies. 
Jio TV Launches 4 New Exclusive HD Channels With Movies in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu 
Lol dude one of my favorite movies of all time! Nice choice 
Drive in movies need to make a return 
Love pinterest, love music, u love to travel, u love old classic movies , and u always know how to style a fire ass fit 
bruno luka movies e tom holland same energy 
 “What-ifs that would change the course of sports movies forever”What if Rudy wasn't such a 
Hear special guest Gillman of reminisce on "Video Rental Store Nostalgia and the VH… 
That’s what I do! I also review games, movies and MORE on the YouTube channel if you have a sec 
 . I know this to be true. This with your great ability to quote movies with me is why I like you  
I'm watching Suspiria (2018) #trakt 
I either love his movies or hate them. When I find out he was doing the reboot of Dumbo, I kinda cring… 
Learn about the "Conjuring Universe"  
Happy Birthday to a Legend! Tim Curry is 73! He's brought life to some of my favorite characters and movies!… 
Yeah, I don't want to interrupt your kid's movie.PSA: If you don't want to hear kids, go to the mo… 
Yo. My moms is telling me about all of the horror movies my grandma took her to see when she was a child (the exorc… 
What if Rocky had slipped on the ice and broken a hip during his first date with Adrian? Would there… 
Zac Efron Reportedly Being Eyed For Adam Warlock In Guardians Vol. 3 
It’s still better than the current movies we got by a long shot. And the gate keeping is cool too 
Yo i want soft malec like cuddling on the sofa watching movies and sharing cute lil kisses tf 
Pitch Perfect Stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin Split After 2 Years of Marriage 
Big thanks to MoviePass who donated $256.4 million of rich investors' money so that regular Joes like you and me co… 
The plot thickens...  But it was a plot and that's what makes it all so bizarre. The things we've seen only in m… 
It's gotta be an amazing year of movies if I see anything that knocks Jordan Peele's "Us" from my Number One spot for 2019 
Love Clint Eastwood movies 
Lmaooo movies be expensive 
Oh, shit. I just cracked 800 followers. Thank you for taking the time to hit that follow button. I... hmm. Well, he… 
have been a fan since Profiles, just wanted to thank you for your love of movies and the infectious joy… 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrown Supernatural/Fantasy teen dramas. Whether it's in books, TV, or movies, I get hopelessly addicted. 
Hopefully both movies will be just as good as the other! 
Just because he had a plan for 5 films, doesn’t mean it’s right. It’s just my opinion a… 
Don’t forget that tomorrow night at 9pm Eastern we’ll be live tweeting LITTLE WOMEN with Historians At The Movies!… 
Sbahle from isiBaya can play the part of uHlomu in the Zulu Brothers movies , as we wait for the movie lol 
"Movie Review: #DaddyIssues is My Favorite Movie of 2019 So Far" #AmaraCash #Movies #2019 
I’d be so pissed and upset. And if you think I’d continue watching Marvel movies, you’re right 
Analysts Now Predicting An Unprecedented Opening Weekend For #AvengersEndgame - 
Even in 2009, Nick still did the "spam a new show to death" method. Naked Brothers Band still exist, and Nick Jr bl… 
ARTS &amp; CULTURE: #jordanpeele films are about 'Us.' 
Already seen Shazam and captain marvel, they are both good movies. Going to see hellboy tonight myself. 
Took my babies to the Movies Avie didn’t make it lol fabulously.aria 
Can't wait for the movies that I want to see to come out on 's 
They are hurting themselves,  we no longer buy thier music,  TV, Or Movies,  we don't need them. 
To be honest, I would say that I only use this phrase (but with flipping) because I've heard it in Ameri… 
I loved "Little Woods" when I saw it at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November &amp; put it on one of my… 
Ranking Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, from worst to first ahead of 'Avengers: Endgame' 
Ronin's got skills! 
So, the Star Wars movies, Sing, Lion King and a lot of action movies. 
Rejoice, Godzilla fans! Toho looks like they’ll be extending Legendarys Godzilla license, for more movies past 2020… 
These Classic Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Movies Are Heading to Hulu 
The Curse of La Llorona is one of those strange kind of R-rated horror films. The kind that aren’t scary. Listen to… 
Missing Link is the latest from Laika Studios, creators of Coraline, ParaNorman, The Boxtrolls, and Kubo and the Tw… 
SHAZAM!The #DCEU scores again with a family friendly, fun superhero tale from H… 
Hear &amp; me nerd out over the teaser trailer for Star Wars Episode Nine: The Rise of Skywalker, plus… 
Deal alert: MCU movie sale! A bunch of titles on sale for $10 apiece from Amazon, Apple, Google, and Vudu. Might ju… 
My favorite book and one of my favorite movies. 
Song of the South is easily top 5 best Disney movies of all time. 
I love this movie! Those two, Lisa &amp; Sheetal, make great movi… 
Movies &amp; micro transactions 
I think it's time for a peewees big adventure #reboot #movies 
Im watching all the marvel movies on Netflix with Dom this weekend lol 
All my life I heard..the Russians are coming!  I have watched old black and white movies all about… 
At this point. I need a detailed list of what movies and shows you like and why you like them sis. Lol 
other day I was at the movies high af and started panicking because I thought my recliner ch… 
I’ve seen it done in the movies... 
This is, and I mean what I am about to say sincerely, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This will be a revi… 
I just saw you on Science Goes to the Movies and it made me cry because effective healthcare is not so… 
Very similar experience for me with Apparently seeing 1-2 movies a week on an unlimite… 
MAJOR (SEAL)Horror film fans are paying tribute to paranormal investigator Lorraine Warren, whose work inspired… 
All this new movies coming out  a movie watching partner  
A historical yawner, "Peterloo" is way too long for the story it tells of the tragic 1819 Peterloo Massacre. My rev… 
I got "Kai"!What Should Your Name Actually Be Based On The Disney Movies You Choose To Watch?… 
‘Overwatch’ Archives Event Storm Rising Coming This Month - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
My mom &amp; I used to watch this every year. That and Beetlejuice, Mars Attacks, Starship Troopers and The Little Shop… 
fr my mom went to get food i just pulled out hella movies  i know im not doing nothing 
I'd like to see them in the UK too. #HallmarkMoviesNow are fantastic. We… 
Sometimes the really crappy movies end up on your fave list. I can almost guarantee this is not one of those movies  
It's been raining all day... I have done nothing but watch tv/movies... I need to motivate myself to get up. 
A historical yawner, "Peterloo" is beautiful to look at but is way too long for the story it tells of the tragic 18… 
Who I there right mind watches a over 3 hour long superhero movie? The last movie I watched… 
I miss the days when music videos were short movies 
Panel 6 Joonas Suotamo who is currently playing Chewbacca in last 4 movies #StarWars #fanx19 #slcfanx 
What movies used to be about, great family entertainment! 
This movies  is the best  wow i really… 
The plot holes in MCU movies that are only plot holes because of prior information provided in the te… 
Been trying not to see any episode 9 footage so I can go in blind. The rest of the year is gonna be hel… 
Just finish rewatching all the Marvel movies. I’m so ready for Avengers: Endgame next week  
I never watch horror movies at night but I did it for date night and we decided to watch “US”  Ster Ki… 
#Movie "DumbAs" (2014) 
What movies are on the agenda? :o 
Girls Trip has to be one of my favorite movies  
She had her choice when she decided to have sex and take the ch… 
2. I get very easily overwhelmed by sound. Music can make my heart swell a la the Grinch 2019. It can also really s… 
I have a strict interpretation of the MCU:If it pre dates Iron Man 1? Not MCU cannon.If it was not directly cont… 
I'm in this article, along with talking about depictions of faith in movies. My bit got kind of heret… 
Sadomasochism clips and longtime movies 
Did you catch this? 
Two movies of that I saw for the first time, and must say she is my new (and only) crush now! What… 
Why not? Hollywood is full of pedophiles, rapists, and abusers. One more like #RomanPolanski will not make it worse. 
If you're a meat-eater and you like horror movies, you should just watch the way your own food is produced!… 
Wanted to book on Monday and the 25th was already fully bookedBy the way guys, NuMetro has movies for R39 til en… 
Kinda looks like Andy Cohen. Or that dude from the Sandler movies. 
Lemme pray and go watch my movies 
Chad Stahelski and David Leitch both have amazing-looking action films coming out this summer, which is cause to ce… 
Hellboy on Good Friday!Godsmack w/ Volbeat on Saturday!A great meal followed by Zombie Movies on Easter Sunday… 
Happy 73rd Birthday to Tim Curry a.k.a. The Supreme Master of the Rogue's Gallery by myself cause of how well he di… 
Remember this moment i 13 years when he majes you drop him off a block from school because your SOOOO… 
I forgot to ever publish this essay until I was ranting about people ranting about movies. So, here is me being hypocritical. ENJOY! 
Just met and had our picture taken with Joonas Suotamo who plays #Chewbacca in the new #StarWars movies. He was so… 
Man, favorite series when I was younger, reading those books. The movies let me down. 
"Why aren't you you sleeping?""Why aren't you?" "I'm watching my movies""What are you watching? ""Spiderman""… 
If my dreams (literally the ones I have as I sleep) were even marginally more realistic, they'd make fascinating movies/novels. #weirddreams 
I did that dumb thing where I watch scary movies alone in my office UNTIL the lights go out because I’ve been here long enough. 
All These Upcoming Comic Movies in 2019 got me in my Happy Bag 
It's one of the greatest movies eveeeerrr! 
Though he's known for his role in Star Trek, Wang said Star Wars was his first fandom. "I just fell in love with it… 
what about any of the Rocky movies 
“Weak consequences” right only the consequences of the 5… 
For no reason:What is your preferred term for a set of four books or movies? 
Wasn't expecting to show up in a video. Couple games in there from when he invited me to play Top Do… 
Having a dude get pissed at me bc I dared say excuse me when he and his family were blocking the concession line at… 
Just got a call inviting me to the streets but andizi shame  I've got my booze, snacks and movies here at home I'm… 
lmaooo bae taking me to Yamato’s and the movies I guess he tryna be nice after all this arguing we been doing for about a month  
What you mean is the “struggles” we have already seen in the 5 othe… 
Most deserving after the underwhelming first two movies and the most epic third! 
Like I am not a fan of children being in rated R movies but of all the ones you bring them to it's #LaLlorona   
I loved this movie!! Also I Can't Think Straight. I know you'… 
There's just going to be three of us so it's not going to be a high-stress day. I'm going to whip… 
Triple threat?? That movie that feelslike you're just watching different set of people acting their separate movies together 
A lot of what used to get me in scary movies just doesn’t do it anymore.Oh you’re gonna crawl on the walls and do… 
did I miss the part where Trump is so desperate for me to love him that he buys me toys + takes me out for fast foo… 
So i went to the movies to see after and im ngl it was pretty good the second time around and im actually excited for the second movie 
It was one of them  but I’ve watched a few movies on Netflix 
yes I am eating my heart out in tbell and watching cheesy Netflix movies all night. pls don’t bother  
Well when he said actors I figured he meant films . Not the stand ups, like just the movi… 
Marvel Star Confirms He Won't Be In #AvengersEndgame - 
No. Because I think the same thing about movies. 
The movies Trap and How High 2 look like they were filmed together in the same 
I don’t think alcohol is solely to blame. Those movies are too long. 
Why listen to movies, music, and games on one audio setting if you could use three!?!  Watch to find out how to… 
Probably Rob Zombie's Halloween movies 
I'm so glad I'm not the only adult afflicted with this. I'm going to see Marvel and Star Wars movies… 
The movies would have been nice  
Happy birthday and thanks for all the fucking awesome movies. 
Too many pending movies in netflix. Ugh Schedule sucks!! 
Not really mushy, but some romance you might find interesting:In Time (watch this one first)Origina… 
Besides Hollywood movies and tobacco companies ads trying to make smoking look cool when was it ever? 
movies &amp; wings type of night  
Watch season movies are stupid 
Not bad. Corny like a Stephen King novel lol I've never watched the original... Fuckin little kids… 
It’s one of my fave comedy movies. These guys are hysterical and I can’t wait to LMAO tonight! 
Wait I KNOW my bus driver not over here watching African movies rn 
Corey, No matter what anyone ever says to you, they can never take away your accomplishments! And yo… 
I’ve literally sat here and watched all the jaws movies from 1-3 lol 
I be wanting to go to the movies but never have nobody to slide with 
"Pitch Perfect" Stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin Split After 2 Years of Marriage 
One of the reasons I have loved the MCU is that it more often than not highlights its characters making smaller mor… 
The Gifted Canceled at FOX, No Season 3 Coming. #thegifted #fox #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks… 
Mitt we know about you little movies... #NoOneGetsAPass #WWG1WGA 
Trolls not allowed to read books or watch top grossing movies?Very strange ineed.… 
I'm less than ten minutes into it honestly but it's one of my favorite movies so I expect to still laugh my ass off. 
i’m really just looking for someone (girl) that will hang out with me and will have sleepovers and we can gossip an… 
So? I grew up watching movies on cassette ?  
We all have seen at least one Disney movie, but did you know in practically every film there is a hidden secret? 
Reminds me of one of the Fast and Furious movies. 
I rock these; amazing for phones / tablets/ work and home computer. If flying with signific… 
When I met with Mel Gibson, it was obvious, this is a man who knows how to have fun!. Watching him find humor and l… 
I can’t answer this question without naming less than 5 movies... so I’ll just say John Williams 
I watch most of the #scifi movies and TV there isn't enough of it. Hero stuff is my… 
Mad Max 3 was in the $6.99 bin at Best Buy, so I bought it, now I have all four movies. Yaaay. #MadMax… 
It's only April, but = best of 2019 so far. Claire Denis' direction is assured &amp; she asks for consta… 
Check out Crash DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Check Out The $275,000 Avengers-Themed Car Robert Downey Jr. Bought Chris Evans - 
Things people say about Sonic the Hedgehog, or things people say about specific movies/tv shows. I thin… 
Hey I know you’re going back to work...  but we’d love to have a super charger station 
I think part of what made the original Avengers movie so good is that Hawkeye aside, each character's introduction… 
THE ASCENT 2019 Director's Cut #Film #Video #TV #Movies #IndieFilm… 
Discovery and Science Channel Aim to Investigate Historical Legends in ‘Uncharted’ (Exclusive) -… 
oh wow, big family! It was just me + my mom (dad died while she was pregnant with me) so we went to mov… 
Ed and Lorraine Warren were some of the original investigators that inspired the movies lol. 
Little kids in anything but kid movie is a no-no. Babies at midnight shows? Hell no. I rarely go to movies anymore. 
Also Itsuno being inspired by TV shows and movies he watched as a kid seems fairly obvious 
Seriously?! Does Disney really fear these movies hurting Disney plus? I actually wanted to be able to see some of these on there. 
School children will continue behaving like this until we bring God and His Bible back into schools and h… 
Hmm there are a few. Deer hunter, apocolypse now, all of tim burton's movies, made in heaven , the go… 
School children will continue behaving like this until we bring God and His Bible back into schools and homes! Tele… 
movies #GalaxyS10 
wonder what kids today would think of John Waters movies since their mainstream netflix shows are full of queer ppl… 
movies 
Great movies featured this month. Declassify Game over. No deals.  
Fast and the Furious started from a magazine article about the diverse car loving culture of LA, with Blacks, White… 
#Movie "Drip" (2005) 
Not to mention I know some children that are more well behaved at movies than adults. 
I've seen movies you talked about. You want mystery happy ending 
Episode 1:The DC Comics Extended Universe (DCEU), and if you’re a fan of these movies let us apologize in advance.… 
For some reason I have a fond memory of watching Thir13en Ghosts. I don’t even remember that movie, bu… 
Lorraine Warren, Subject Of 'The Conjuring' Films And Real Life Ghostbuster, Dies Author: Jon HueberClick to here… 
Entertainment: Reviews of Music, Movies, Musicals &amp; More #records #cassettes #movies 
As high functioning horror fan on the spectrum, my thoughts mirror these replies.As a teenager, 
Actually havent seen any of his old stuff. I may have been born ear… 
His character was extremely annoying in both movies but kudos for being so brave in dive into the water of the klongs... 
John Wick: Chapter 3 — Parabellum — Here’s everything we know so far 
my mom was a lonely widow + took me to a ton of movies so she wouldn't have to go alone. I could sit th… 
Though Patty Jenkins was behind one of the biggest hit movies of 2017 with "Wonder Woman," and instantly became a r… 
My boyfriend had never seen anything. The Harry Potter movies, Mean Girls (before I met him), most Disney movies, m… 
It’s not that hard to understand that ALL FILM IS SUBJECTIVE! Let’s not tear each other down over some opinions on movies. 
Play fifaWatch series/movies 
Did Luke die a virgin? 
GThai Movie 5: Period 
Movies with campfire scenes always seem to forget to make the smoke annoyingly blow into the characters’ faces no matter where they move. 
Real-life ghostbuster Lorraine Warren who inspired The Amityville Horror and The Conjuring movies dies at the age o… 
Is Sinister Director Scott Derrickson Making A New #Hellraiser? - 
Those Jason Bourne movies  
It's been a long time since I've seen that. John Wayne I watch a bu… 
Anyone else, just wanna go home and curl up on the couch and watch movies and eat a box of cereal? 
Why do you think producers go to lengths of creating such awesome sound technologies only for… 
#AvengersEndgame Star Robert Downey Jr. Shares Sweet Throwback Photo With Tom Holland - 
There’s so much evil shit that goes on in the world everyday, unchecked. So much. Sometimes the shit younsee in mov… 
Wonho!! It be fun to excessive, play around and cook after it to later watch some movies or joke around… 
Batman movies are rated PG for parental guidance... that’s fucked up. 
True story: The other day I stopped at a Flying J to peruse through the $5 Bargain Bin Gas Station Horror Movies, i… 
Join me next Friday, April 26 for a panel discussion about #Western #movies at the New Mexico Press Women's confere… 
No way!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Okay, we're gonna watch all those scary movies about her!!!!!! 
My Favorite Movie Plot Twists! #publishing #amwriting #amreading #YA #yalit #author #writer #reading #books #read… 
Check out The Breakup DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Girl, you outta be in movies! 
Sorry for anyone whose movie I've reviewed for Evidently, thinks they don't count. 
Lucy Hale &amp; Lucas Till to star in Spike Lee-produced Civil Rights drama SON OF THE SOUTH; Lex Scott Davis, Julia Or… 
Watch movies. 
I need to comment on this last battle on the episode... LOLI think I can say without a doubt that it was the great… 
We are happy to support Midnight Movies ! 
Passover Movies, TV Episodes 2019: 7 Specials To Stream On Netflix, Hulu 
Jio TV Launches 4 New Exclusive HD Channels With Movies in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu 
If you like true horror movies, go watch Dominion on YouTube. #lifechanging #Govegan #vegan #plantbased #govegannow #veg 
BoxOfficeCHN-AamirKhan completed his promise to make China-India Film, Now he well be part of Production team of Ch… 
I wanna go to the movies or the zoo or somethinggg 
Rain and movies in bed. Go shota warm chest feela  
Lorraine you were so badass in the conjuring movies RIP. 
Plain &amp; simple.Go watch our movies. 
She was being wasted in those shitty Thor movies 
If movies were all bout reality who could be on earth as we're talking now 
Nicholas Cage got some get movies 
Most definitely... Love him in several of his movies but most especially liked him when he was on IN L… 
I pay nearly R1000 per month for a premium subscription so why do you charge extra for box office movies? Sur… 
#MindUp words to live by and have a #HappyEaster #GameofThrones at 6 &amp; 9 Easter Sunday #GOTrewind… 
I love Harry Potter! I read all of the books with my Dad, and I've seen 6 of the movies. 
I always stop on good will hunting. But I do miss the airplane! Type movies. #wrongdaytostopsniffingglue 
i kinda wanna see that but idk,, i have so many movies to catch up on anyways like i literally watched to a… 
Definitely.  So sorry. She has been chronicled in so many publications,movies etc. I am a believer! 
I’ve been streaming movies/music. Chilling. 
I raised 3 kids. Only took them to movies for their age group and when they behaved badly in publi… 
someone go to the movies with me 
CELEBRATES #BATMAN'S 80TH ANNIVERSARY! #giveaway #movies 
Get ready for 'Avengers: Endgame' by listening to podcasts about previous movies in the MCU. First… 
Will Smith and Martin Lawrence Celebrate End of 'Bad Boys 3' Filming 
We need black cat in one of these spiderman movies 
Anyone watched this yet? I cannot wait! 
It's (almost) the weekend, and we're chatting about favorite #cybersecurity movies. Check out our list of documenta… 
I've seen every Fast and Furious movie. We always end up watching them when there is not… 
how are y’all watching your movies from the end to the start lol 
Can someone get this shirt for me but it says movies?? 
Hood dvds coming #director#podcast #movies#commercials #t.… 
Speaking of 4 letter all caps metal bands W.A.S.P. Debuted that year too. Movies include Th… 
RIP. One of the better horror movies of this generation 
Starz acquires Chris Martin's Marie Colvin documentary UNDER THE WIRE, sets April 22 premiere #film #movies #TV 
But I get your point. All superhero movies 
Getting ready for here are all of the featured titles that we are bringing with us! We have movies… 
Just watched Margin Call again after not seeing it for years. Still a great film! #margincall #film #movies #finance #greatfilms 
Alright Hollywood... You've got to stop making all your movies in the dark. I do not have naturally have night vision! 
Off course we bestie....I'm watching these movies before End Game  
Yeah, after The Nun, I'm just gonna take my chances and skip the hell out of this.Sorry, Mom, but I have a feelin… 
HELL FEST co-scribe Seth Sherwood to make feature directorial debut with horror thriller BOYFRIEND #film #movies 
I'm not as enthused with Marvel as I used to be but fuck this sentiment. These are movies for kids and they've only… 
Even Chris Hemsworth Hasn’t Seen ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Yet: ‘I Do Not Know Really How It Ends’ (Video) -… 
Okay so some girl just flashed me and my buddy while we were driving down I-40 and I’m shook honestly thought that just happened in movies 
'Fifty Shades' author E.L. James has a new book. Brace yourself for the reviews.  Oh dear..… 
DC comics have so much potential at making better movies than marvel but they're just too greedy. 
Well then I guess we all in the same wheel house...but he does love awful movies sometimes 
Okay... I’m convinced everything in pop culture that has been a lasting impact on my life is from the year 1984...… 
Johnny Depp Reportedly Tried To Get Amber Heard Fired From #Aquaman - 
The #Avengers, #XMen And More Come Together In Epic Summer Blockbuster Montage - 
I am a little. El Dorado is one of my favorite John Wayne movies. 
T.D. Jakes to exec produce Lifetime telepic I AM SOMEBODY'S CHILD: THE REGINA LOUISE STORY #TV #movies 
Lorraine Warren has passed away at 92. She was a woman I admired from afar. I loved to read about the cases her and… 
Movies, series and cheap wine 
Missouri really needs to start giving tax breaks for people shooting movies/ TV here. God Jefferson Ci… 
Halloween 5's Michael Myers Discusses Never-Seen Massacre Cut From Film - 
One of my favorite movies of all time  
7 Days until #Endgame and 245 days until #RiseOfSkywalker a.k.a. #StarWarsIX so I'm determined to stay alive despit… 
I also love this movie and no one loves shitty movies more than me except maybe 
I think these movies deserve more credit. Sure Megan Fox is the worst April, but the… 
Choose!Best Dreamworks' movie series... #poll #polls #polloftheday #Poll #movies #cartoon 
I love this movie. You got any "shitty" movies you love? 
When Did Slasher Movies Get So Respectable? 
hi I just wanted to ask you what your favorite(if you’ve watched any)Swedish dubbed anime are I know we… 
One of my favorite movies!!"HEAD!  DOWN!!" 
#Movie "The Gay Shoe Clerk" (1903) 
Growing up, we went all three hours unless we were dying sick. Then we immediately changed into pj… 
Duuuuuddddee we need a snack night when you come here next we will get some and watch movies and party it up hahaha 
‘Younger’ Gets Season 6 Premiere Date On TV Land - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Oh and tell Jemele, thanks for spoiling the Rocky movies for me now... 
This is not fair I was expecting one of them along with three other Nigerian movies so I could easily discard th… 
Watching #SomeoneGreat. I already love this moving.Give me movies and TV shows about female friendship. Inject it into my veins. 
Godfather 2 and Malcolm X are both 3 hours and 20-some minutes. And LotR movies ran even longer averages, I believe.  
The 4 best movies screening around Albuquerque this week   
Why, WHY!??  #PedroInfante 
The heroes are ready for a fight! 
Celebrate your fav books, movies, comics and all things geeky with us at Plaza PopCon on Sat. April 27 from 12-5pm!… 
Dog movie “Max” with The Exorcist” reviews. #joke #jokes #fun #funny #humor #SamantaSanta63 
Watch These 10 Family Movies on Netflix Today 
Take your family to the movies! #ad #MissingLink opens in theaters this FRIDAY (4/12)! Enter to win a fun movie the… 
I love to Shazam songs from romantic comedy movies. Especially black love movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Since I saw this tweet, I have to watch one of the movies tomorrow.  
#DeathBattleCast In the Star Fox games the ships can take some damage before they get destroyed, in st… 
What did you miss the first time? Find out when you see again. Get tickets: 
Oh no, I'm just now hearing about Lorraine Warren. As someone who has been into the paranormal forever and admired… 
Ragnarok is my favorite Marvel. It's a really funny movie, and frankly the other Thor mo… 
Time for my annual list of picks for the next four months! Read it at 
'Whiplash': An Example of Brilliant Writing, Directing, and Editing #Movies #TV 
Nothing like a TCM movie to start the weekend off right  #TCM #classicmovies #movies #HappyWeekend #smile #love  
Today we finished watching The Prestige. It's a look into nonlinear story telling by Christopher Nolan. Great discu… 
my sisters really got me out here watching a scary movie when they know i dont like scary movies 
I just want my photos to look like  movies  
i just realized why freds “dad” in the movies was john cena. its because nobody can see him. 
Useless to watch these fake movies n waste money to make these shameless criminals rich for nothing. 
George Wright “Reel George”/“At The Movies” ’61/’71| Recorded at his S. Pasadena Studio #Wurlitzer #TheatreOrgan … 
Beyoncé Is a Queen Atop Her Pyramid in ‘Homecoming’ via 
Check out Meet The Fockers DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
That are better then the movies... 
You’re right. The picture books and colorful Disney movies were for… 
Romantic movies on Netflix via #MRReads 
To be fair, apparently so do those banana sweets I’m intermittently addicted to  But I… 
Oh I don't? DC is only my favorite comic company and comic movies...I mean I only have a Su… 
Craig &amp; John   #Vikings Draft dilemmas 3:15   / #GoJacks A.D. on NC… 
I loved that movie as a kid. My grandma has it on VHS and it had my cousins and I rolling on the floor in… 
It’s a win win for me. I don’t want assholes in my fandom AND Star Wars is still so awesome to me… 
But u r running away from all good movies! U Rejected BM ,Patmavat,Thakt also now at least Dhoom series?  
#2019MovieThreadTHE CURSE OF LA LLORONA (2019)Linda Cardellini keeps this from being as awful as The Nun, but… 
Whenever I see your recent interview when u say u don’t want to do normal movies !! What do u mean by thatwhen u s… 
I've seen more people enjoy the streaming service then the movies 
Ouch, CJ. I don't watch Game of Thrones. And I wouldn't be able to pick Kim Kardashian out of a lineup. C… 
On another note:Horror movies attract a Spirit of fear which the Bible says is not of God. Also there is torment in fear. 
I think audiences get too comfortable and familiar in today’s movies. They believe everything they’re hearing and s… 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownDisney movies with my crayons and coloring book. 
Yep. Plus it shows times are changing. They're losing comics, they're losing movies, they're losing ga… 
What To Do Today On My Only Day Off Go Shopping An Out To Eat Or Chill An Watch Some Movies Decisions Decisions  
'The Conjuring' inspiration Lorraine Warren dies aged 92 via 
Rudy is widely considered one of the best football movies of all-time about a walk-on who got to suit up for Notre… 
Aye when she rolled out the movies to see dude I was dead asf  
While I sure don't disagree, I wish people would stop qualifying the stuff put out after the buyout as "Disney's St… 
watched one of your movies #HappybaagJayegi. Confused what Happy whispered into Bilal's ear. 
MOVIE GUIDE: 6 new movies to watch this long weekend 
"Noah" and 5 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
last night we saw a preview of The Unicorn Store which btw is directed by "this looks like a movie… 
Yes!  I mentioned this exact scene when I started thinking about how… 
I just need one person to like this and I’m watching All Twilight saga movies again tonight 
Hop on over to the Chickasaw Cultural Center tomorrow for a day of family fun with movies, scavenger hunts, arts an… 
Home run! Why 'Field of Dreams' still connects on its 30th anniversary 
#Nw Fracture.One of my favorite movies  
I know, I was totally joking. Trust me, I have waited three years between Star Wars movies more th… 
meh the 70s was the last true golden era. The 80s had fun and goofy movies. The 90s got… 
He's not wrong. 
I prefer cups unless I'm going to the movies.  Then it's time for pieces and if we are mixi… 
More to comeWonder what Stormy's new lawyer is working onAvenatti probably had her sign away her lif… 
The Best Insights from Brené Brown's New Netflix Special 
#AvengersEndgame's Runtime Minus Credits Has Now Been Revealed - 
Should have been jax in the mk movies 
Okay I have a solution .. after 2years I will move to Durban . We will stay indoors together and binge… 
Ah. Well, still, apparently Amber's made friends with E… 
-Novels get pictured, like movies. Short stories get pictured, like episodes of tv shows.-Friends, who a… 
I love terrible movies so maybe I will enjoy it 
Definitely trying go to the movies  
Movies and series, and access to internet (LimeWire) to download 
there are only two movies: frozen and salo 
China is a huge untapped market. It’s the sole reason we have billion dollar profit movies. 
Yeah, what Batman movies!?! is so awful at trusting their actors &amp; directors that they can’t manage to… 
Could still be apnea. A sleep study is usually covered by insurance and isn’t that much of a pain. Do you… 
Same. No outside time at all for us. Tho it was “church movies only” as kids but then… 
I want to force myself to like Marvel movies just because of these guys  
I'm watching Summer of 84 (2018) #trakt 
Lorraine Warren, the paranormal investigator that inspired The Conjuring series of movies dies the weekend that the… 
i’m very sad over the passing of Lorraine Warren. i’ve seen every one of the movies based off her &amp; her husband’s i… 
Only scary to idiots like you that think PTSD i… 
Daniel Radcliffe Explains Why He’s Avoided Blockbusters After Harry Potter - We Got This Covered 
‘Wonder’ Heading To Broadway; R.J. Palacio Novel Was Adapted As 2017 Lionsgate Movie Starring Julia Roberts -… 
Would you like to see a remake of SMALL SOLDIERS? #Movies #TV 
im going to make it a habit to go see lesbian movies by myself to just kinda. get in touch with that yknow? 
#kalank is probably one of the best Bollywood movies I’ve ever seen and the fact that it had an AMAZING storyline a… 
Michelle Williams and Husband Phil Elverum Split After Marrying Last Summer 
if they ever FINALLY make the #houseofnight movies, absolutely has to play Neferet. there’s no one better 
Most of these are just good movies to watch instead of guilty pleasures, but regardless: 13 Going On 30… 
Lowkey wanna go to the movies .. 
#Movie "Golden Boy" (1939) 
The number one reason why I hate movies like The Nun is that, the movies ALWAYS takes place at a Catholic Church. H… 
I have t watched all the tv stuff, but the movies.... 
someone come over and watch movies with me  i’m bored 
11 ways the Avengers could defeat Thanos in ‘Endgame’: #AvengersEndgame 
This is the order of the movies and tv shows, for a very deep dive...... 
I did this list in 2017.  I am doing it again with almost entirely different movies on the list.  I'd love to see… 
I just want to go home and binge watch all the silence of the lambs movies 
Estou assistindo Unbreakable (2000) #trakt 
What was your favorite film from 1999? The Matrix or Sixth Sense or something else?Our picks … 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownDisney Movies 
They don't see it as the end. 
#ThingsIHaventOutgrownWatching Muppet movies! 
It's almost 4/20, man! Which leads at to ask, What's the best stoner movie?… 
Do you have your radio on? Turned to ? Do it now as I’ll be on at 2:15 with my reviews of #TeenSpirit a… 
in reality though I actually did pick up some gear and we've been recording some conversa… 
How sick and sad. People are taking these angry feelings to the limit. Well, my hear… 
My 2 favorite sports movies: 1.) remember the Titans 2.) secretariat 
Conjuring and Insidious are the most creepy/scariest movies I’ve seen 
That's one of my favorite movies of all time lol 
IT, but I still watch the original and the new one. Love scary movies! 
“Police force is on the lookout for traffic violations this 4/20 weekend.” Calm down pigs we’re all inside eating… 
From *Teen Spirit* to *A Star Is Born*: Why Are There So Many Movies About Female Music Stars?… 
One of the best movies! 
Any novels along the lines of early Cronenberg movies? 
Hans Zimmer's Superman score captures more than just the heroicness and intense power of the character, but also a… 
Kazuo Koike has died at 82 years old. The prolific Japanese manga writer had several of his works adapted into film… 
HBO Developing Documentary About Infamous Hollywood Sex Cult 'NXIVM' - Involving Pyramid Schemes, Sex-Trafficking a… 
Paranormal Investigator Lorraine Warren Dies at 92. She was the subject of dozens of films, tv series, and document… 
That's 3 movies every week for $23.95 a month. 
Movies. Are. Too. Long. 
How about... The fact that you're not a fucking monster keeps you out of his movies? Just saying. 
Noooo she told the best scary stories to make our fav movies, rip at least she's with Ed now ! 
In '91 Kaminski was cinematographer on one of the worst movies of all time.Vanilla Ice's movie: Cool as IceJust… 
Star Wars:22 Facts You Need to Know from Celebration 2019 #starwars 
I’m pretty sure Apollo Creed comes back to life in Rocky 11 or Creed Resurrection movies.  You’ll just… 
If i could just finish my work.....i can watch movies for the rest of the day  
i miss having someone to watch movies with 
‘The Curse Of La Llorona’ Leads Easter Weekend Releases #EntertainmentNews #movies 
I wanna go to the movies  
Yep. Just like they think they know a person just because they have watched them on TV or… 
I just finished my stuff on Cap 3 and there's one week until Endgame releases. I have 8 movies left. Hoping to be… 
Horror movies and champagne Perfect Friday 
A lot of the viewers, including the person behind this account, are looking forward to any animated projects especi… 
Benchwarmers is by far the most underrated sports movies of all time 
10 damn etv late night movies   
Newphew Cooper. He’s 7, super smart, super kind, super funny.  Loves to read and sing and m… 
That is why movies and TV shows are great lol 
I'm so sadddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pitch Perfect Stars Anna Camp and Skylar Astin Split After 2 Years of Marria… 
Gremlins was one of my favourite movies. 
Bout time to watch my Secretariat movies again.   
ohhhh yeah whole movies soundtrack was done by him put me on when I was like 12 lol 
Jennifer Lawrence and Cooke Maroney’s Wedding Will Be a ‘Family Affair’: Source 
Amazing girl2girl fucking with strapon: #movies Amazing girl2girl fucking with strapon - I was just chilling after… 
well that was quick 
5 movies? All of these are for my granny's Days of our Lives recordings 
Focus, BBC Films &amp; IF BEALE STREET COULD TALK producer Pastel team on recently-wrapped NEVER RARELY SOMETIMES ALWAY… 
Check out Mission Impossible DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Amazing how #American movies and films portray their country as the greatest, richest and all things good. No matte… 
How long have we heard about superhero fatigue, but these movies only get bigger and better 
I loved "Little Woods" when I saw it at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November and put it on one of… 
Daniel Radcliffe Explains Why He's Avoided Blockbusters After #HarryPotter - 
Here are the movies and shows coming to Disney+ 
I ain’t into scary movies at all they all trash to me 
I mean I didn’t want another Fast &amp; Furious after Tokyo Drift. But like 20 movies later, here we are… 
Life lessons I learned from the movies: Hard work pays off...#lessonsilearnedfrommovies 
He was amazing. Uncle Buck is still one of my favorite movies. 
Unreasonable school administrators in 80's movies. 
Warner Bros. developing #film adaptation of horror short story ON THE I-5 by Kendare Blake with Shawn Levy's 21 Lap… 
Batman doesn’t want to be in any more shitty movies. #batman #movies #doodle 
I try super hard to never judge parents; you never know what’s going on with someone. But if I eve… 
Audrey Hepburn's Secret Past: New Book Reveals How She Risked Her Life to Fight Against Nazis 
Yes!!! Know the feeling. I'm looking for a copy of 13 Graves, but it was a TV movie an… 
Life lessons I learned from the movies (and the hard way): Women are like Aggies, from the outside looking in, you… 
This needs to go viral. It’s the best mashup of all the movies. The ultimate recap of the MCU. (Marvel) End of th… 
17 Movie Bombs That Became Cult Classics 
Don’t be so grumpy.   I’m not a fan of fantasy movies- they’re just not my thing; but when some of my fri… 
Fuck a RedBox, we goin to the library for movies baby 
Five of the Best Movies About Partisans &amp; the Resistance in WWII 
It was my daughter's and my guilty pleasure. The movies were so awful in such an enjoyable way. 
Shazam, but for movies and series 
Also, the issue of him being a garbage person keeps me from being in his movies. You’re right. 
going to the movies later what should we watch ,, i need HELP 
would just like to say this lady made me scared to watch “based on true story” movies. 
The regressive left is mainstream, pervades news media, academe, movies, music, and television - the… 
Me still waiting for any good movies to come to Iowa 
No music that isn’t church music. No shopping. No movies or TV that isn’t church related. No video… 
The temp job led to a permanent position at the company where I am now, that wasn't until… 
Avengers: EndgameLink : : Link : 
Hi I just love and the fact that she’s bringing the quality Asian characters that I didn’t see as a kid to paper and to movies 
ANOTHER ONE OF MY FAVORITE BOOKS IS BECOMING A MOVIE AND IM GONNA SCREAM ALSO IM SO HERE FOR ALL THESE MOVIES WITH ASIAN LEADS 
Ant-Man! The Ant-Man movies are alright. Paul Rudd is adorable, as always, but eh. Michael Pena annoys me, even tho… 
Can you tell I like these kind of movies? Ready Player 1 and Wreck-It Ralph are already gamey, but… 
A Bug's Life Full Movie English - Disney Movies Full Length - Animation Movies For Kids 
Sean Bean Answers the Web's Most Searched Questions | WIRED Sean Bean answers the internet's most searched questio… 
Wym, that movie is dope? Top 10 anime movies. 
#WeShouldWelcomeBack Old movies and delete the remakes. 
During one of the Twilight movies, Jacob showed up wearing only shorts. Edward said "Do you ev… 
The Miracle Season is one of my favorite movies 
Kinda wanna go to the movies. 
My son daddy scary. Like we can't watch no scary movies. Not even the gremlins but this nigga just said he will go… 
Has Woods always been a reactionary? He was in so many great movies. Ya hate to see it 
Video game movies are mostly bad but 'Double Dragon' is a good time: 
Playing video games, reading books, watching movies, playing soccer, shopping etc.(that's me though) 
No respect for the Thor movies smh 
I won’t watch movies where a dog plays a major role because the entire time I just have anxiety they’re gonna kill… 
FUUUUUUCK Jonathan London have you done an episode of geekscape reviewing shitty 90s movies? 
avengers 4 endgameLink : : : 
My head goes to Groundhog Day and Run Lola Run (R), with repeating action and inner puzzles. Escape mo… 
#ChildsPlay reboot director says Chucky is 80% animatronic in the flick - 
Lol it was a joke. I have a friend that talks through movies more than any child would, I’m used to it 
50 First Dates is still one of the best movies tbh 
And they all magically have the "acting gene" and make love movies... Hence #Netflix trying to dest… 
Life lessons I learned from the movies: Religions might all be different, but you gotta believe...… 
Each year brings impressive new movies. These are the 20 best movies of the 2000's according to Which… 
In 1 week, summer begins with the endgame. Get tickets to Marvel Studios’ #AvengersEndgame in theaters April 26. :… 
Oh 100%, no one should take babies to any movies. I’m against that overall. 
GThai Movie 4: Super Star 
That's a good chunk of change. That's like 4 saw and 25 paranormal activity movies. 
I did drinking game marathons in college that involved taking a sip whenever Star… 
Rick Fox is on Hallmark Movies?! 
If those Conjuring movies didn’t come out 95% of people tweeting about it wouldn’t even know who she was. 
Anyone have a battery for my old old old rca tying to get it to work to play old movies. 
I told classmates I was a rally commisioner and they thought rallies were mostly in movies.  NY kids I swear 
Something about Rhapsody in Blue just reeks of John Grisham movies. 
This was like a Twilight Zone episode. Huge houses, no crime, a Benz in every driveway, and they showed… 
Oh hah, nah too many curse words and blood. Which is wild, considering these are Disney movies 
counterpoint: they are movies for kids 
Most of the time these movies that are supposed to be horribly offensive aren’t as bad as they’re m… 
Or i can come over and we can watch marvel movies 
I miss watching scary movies on my free block w/ 
Anyone ever seen the movie "Happy Death Day"? #movies #happydeathday 
Okay but who goes to the movies and doesn’t get popcorn?  
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Reportedly Features A Trippy New Force Ability - 
I just want to eat good and watch movies today 
And of course kids love these movies, as they should. 
I don’t disagree. My point is not geared towards you necessarily but to those who claim that these ar… 
It’s supposed to thunderstorm and I’m lowkey excited! A day full of listening to music and watching movies sounds like a chill day. 
More importantly half the people who hate the movement are people who dislike Snyder t… 
I mean, again, my kid LOVES these movies. The events you’re describing aren’t portrayed that way and if they were I… 
Ronin Shows Off His Sword Skills In New #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
My wife will only re-watch Ant-Mans a… 
i hate movies that end like that, yeah i know it's realistic or whatever but i don't watch movies for things that h… 
Best Trick Movie Endings That Don't Mean What You Think Video #horror: Watch as trick movie endings revealing that… 
A) factsB) reading the replies and folks keep saying these movies are for kids - do y’all not remember Loki gettin… 
There's a kind of irony--I know people complain the prequels are "too funny," but then I laugh that my niec… 
I’ve loved Netflix but I’m the furthest thing from addicted. I go in for specific shows and movies very sporadicall… 
Bond movies or Rupaul's Drag Race. Both as camp as each other 
gonna do a marvel marathon with mom to prepare for Endgame (we wont watch all the movies) 
I wish Hitchcock was still alive. He could show some of these Hollywood directors how to direct a worthwhile suspen… 
Pretty late posting since this is the first I’ve read about it. The Seventh Seal is one of… 
Once again, speculation fan fictional theories. The guy literally says Anakin is the chose… 
When I saw "Tim Curry" was trending I got wicked worried. Whew! Happy Birthday, Tim! Thank you for making "Clue" on… 
Who else loves the first 20 minutes of horror movies when things are real chill? 
absolutely loved it! A mix of love, drama, friendships and relationships. I found it so Funny and… 
there’s a deal on marvel movies this weekend on vudu, might fuck around and buy a few and regret it  
musicmovies&amp; me 6/3 at Nicollet Island Pavillion 
"I feel we made something that made my daughter proud, made my mother proud, my father proud, and all of the people… 
I need to be boo’d up watching scary movies today smh 
Looks like iTunes has a bunch of stuff on sale for $4.99, and there’s stuff I want to pick up for… 
#esptein evidently got porno movies - like they pal #robertkraftused to send the chicas o… 
Coming Monday morning: The Marvel Cinematic Universe Special! It’s not easy picking a Top 5 Favorite Marvel Movies… 
No one is making or has ever made a movie for… 
And Will Smith gotta role he been in to many trash movies 
i have to go with my younger brother and he talks during movies i need help 
20 Funny Vet Cards: Puns From The Movies #humor 
This kids are watching too much porn movies 
Also the new star wars movies are awesome and the only mockery is that which you have made of yourself. 
That’s 100% speculation though. Until the movies come out Anakin is the chosen one and if… 
Hey Redbox I just tried to return my movies and the box wasn't working. Kept pressing return and nothing was happening. 
12pm eastern is 11pm my timeThat means it’s on the 25th I always go to the early showings for new avengers movi… 
I will keep annoying my coworkers with my talk about movies  
YES WISJWJ oh my gosh same that's how i was, also was just empty for days after because of the end but… 
60 Free Film Noir Movies. You’re welcome!  by openculture 
Releasing 4/26: I Trapped the Devil (2019) - Premise: Man visits his troubled brother who claims he has trapped the… 
My review of one of the greatest comedies ever made, Draft Day, is within. 
Don’t worry about it - I’ll allow it this time. I just see a lot of “omg don’t talk to me if you don’t kn… 
Christine Crokos to write and direct Hope Solo biopic for Argent Pictures and helm horror-thriller THE BEAST for Th… 
Cival War was like a mini Avengers movie... It's always great when there is historic story ba… 
3 more movies to watch to be fully ready 
I'm craving a junk food night with a marathon of action and sci-fi movies 
Michael Tucker Of 'Lessons from the Screenplay' Has Been Dissecting Movies For Years. Now, He's Making His Own.… 
16 Blocks is another great movie!!! Actually Bruce Willis old work is all proper, and my fav is Die Hard 2 and Die… 
Veggie tales movies about Jonah and Welp then i guess I’ll figure out how to talk about the sacraments and talk abo… 
No matter what people are determined to be hateful and ignorant. All those movies that show unity after a cataclysm… 
I dug it. I don’t think it reinvented the wheel, as it hits a lot of the same beats as the… 
I'll forever love those olden action movies before CGI took over 
We are going to go to the movies and I have chosen seats and assigned them. Find… 
2) Art and Media. Imagine a world where movies are made to celebrate truth and beauty in the world. W… 
Short #film A CHILDREN'S SONG getting feature adaptation via Out of the blue Entertainment and The H Collective; Os… 
She gotta be lying her TV stay on SVU only time she not watching that is if 1 of 3 movies is on ! 
 laughing and in a dilema!  stuck on a an island and for some reason you can only watch… 
Olivia Wilde on Directing Fiancé Jason Sudeikis: 'It’s Really Amazing to See Him Do His Thing' -… 
Pizza &amp; helado &amp; movies  
Lucasfilm Publishing Reveals Upcoming Star Wars Books at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 
Drive, one of my all time favorite movies 
Please, No More Movies That Depict Black People Who..Sold CokeandDope..R… 
OK, SO... I haven’t kept up with the Marvel movies. I’ve seen several but I know not enough to feel I can watch End… 
Exclusive: Full Moon Features to Live-Stream the Production of 10 Horror Movies with ‘Deadly Ten’ -… 
Angaz noma the movies I pick have Samuel L Jackson or mans is just everywhere 
we haven’t watched past the first ep of hard carry bc we started watching movies and then romance is a bonus book ooops 
20 Best Horror Movies of 2018 - Scariest New Films of the Year (So Far) #horror: Here we are almost at the end of 2… 
UNDER THE SILVER LAKE has been screwed by an industry unwilling to take risks on a unique and bizarre movie for whi… 
Since Home Improvement and all your movies till now. You are theLastManStanding  
Meet us at #TheTrailhead for Movies in the Park on June 9 &amp; July 28! 
Just like in the moviesIt starts to rain and weWe're the broken beautiesBlindfolded minds collide and we fall 
I really feel like we are slowly allowing some type of Sky et event to happen, and regardless of all the movies war… 
Books, term papers, doctor’s scripts, patient’ medical history, loan agreements, property purchase… 
#Movie "Plato's Reality Machine" (2013) 
Yay! One of my favorite movies!  
Very true! I honestly don’t get it at all. There are a few MCU movies I find meh, but the Russos di… 
Unpopular opinion: The avengers/marvel movies are good... Not great.  
Happy Birthday! best actor and patriot ever! Loved all your movies but casino is my favorite! 
And fine, you need an alternate example...how about rated R movies at a young age? And...go. 
This is lovely. I saw it on exhibit a few years ago in Doylestown, PA, along with other wardrobe items from Grace K… 
I love old school Wesley snipe movies. 
#AvengersEndgame TV Spot Reveals A Key Detail In Iron Man's Armor - 
The bit in Sleeper with the Howard Cosell clip was literally the only funny thing in any of his mov… 
One of the best movies to ever watch, if you looking for feel good sob! My advice though is read the book first lol… 
Right?! Crazy just how many great movies are present even in the honorable mentions. 
Scooby-Dooby-Doo, where are you? Well, right here, actually. 
#StarWars' Mark Hamill Confirms Whether Luke Died A Virgin Or Not - 
I just have to watch the iron man movies today and I will have watched every mcu movie within the last month 
Happy birthday Grandma, my Angel on Earth!  You are a gift  I’m so happy I got to spend yesterday with you - mo… 
That new video today is some viral content. We’re dropping movies. Haven’t dropped a “music video” yet. Vibes. 
hey can u get more movies with Spanish subs, thanks  
Wasn't this quote in one of the Legally Blonde movies?? 
Somebody take me out for movies tomorrow...  
Yeah that’s also why I dislike that anime movies don’t stream on Netflix cause anime fans can be obnoxious. 
New from VTW! Indeed_Movies_#50_Women_on_the_Verge_of_a_Nervous_Breakdown 
Assumptions are not good. Watch the movie and only then review and predict. So many big movies have sa… 
10 movies you must see at Hot Docs 2019, covering everything from Saskatchewan to Gaza #entertainment 
Too late: I was already a Tom Cruise character in one of his shitttier movies... Wait.… 
Movies to Watch This Earth Day: EcoWatch #environment | More w/ Eco-Search: 
I’m wondering on these Netflix movies do the directors see this bad acting and try to correct it or do they be like fuck it 
Get bent. These movies aren’t just for you. 
I'm apparently the only person at the movies today.....#Creepy 
'About Time' is currently streaming on Netflix, if you wanna watch one of the best time travel movies ever made tha… 
Boring Friday... Lemme order in, watch movies and call it a night  
Drop Dead Gorgeous should be on every list for Minnesota movies  
my friends wanna take me to the movies, i told 'em to fuck off, i'm holding hands with my depression 
The prequels were pretty good, but these new SW movies are ridiculous. No matter how bad the pacing or how stiff th… 
I hella need a girl’s night (as weird as that sounds). Face masks, dumb movies, poor attempts at making food, etc.… 
Short Films &amp; Indie Movies Film #shortfilm #shortfilms… 
2. No where in this post does it say that the rest of the family also went to the movies, it just says “a couple”. 
My mother loves her phone, but sometimes she laments not having a bigger screen to display things on. She doesn't w… 
New Mexico Girls Make Movies offering PA intership training 
so I'm seeing the Cute Girl With Blue Hair again on Saturday we're gonna watch movies and get pizza and maybe just… 
I watch very little of TV and that's usually news, doccies and current affairs. Only when I'm at my mother's house… 
Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare (1991) KILL COUNT Video #horror: Not one of the better Freddy Krueger movies but… 
I also want to know. Movies and Series 
This is so true. One of my favorite movies ever. 
We would have never gotten one of the best baseball movies of all time  
Jesus christ movies everywhere 
my heart breaks every time i watch movies like this. i’m still gonna watch tho  
I just finished everything house flipper had to offer. So it’s either ARK RP. Or overwatch. Or movies.  I don’t know.  
Greetings! Your label mate is here, I hope my presence here will help you to gain new companionship. Talk… 
Rainy Friday  Keith and I are spending the day watching movies and eating junk food. What’s better than that? Also… 
#AvengersEndgame directors working on Stan Lee documentary - 
Coto movies is better 
Seen it many times but coto movies is better 
Did you know there are about 36 hours worth of movies to watch to prepare for #AvengersEndgame? You'… 
By who? People who dont watch movies? 
Not sure if you’ve heard of this one but where I’m from people eat popcorn at the movies 
Two humans at work both just said 'I haven't been to the movies in years because I can't sit still for two hours...… 
Please help keep stop-motion animation 
This is not a common thought process for children, this is learned behavior from tv, movies and video games. We hav… 
‘The Irishman’ Producer Teases Martin Scorsese’s New Movie: ‘It’s Very Funny’ Like ‘Goodfellas’ #Movies #TV 
What are some movie cliches that you love? #Movies #TV 
Alamo Drafthouse To Host Screenings of ‘The Hunchback of Notre Dame’ for Free, as a Celebration of the Notre Dame C… 
Rocky 1,2&amp;3 are classic movies in my opinion.  Have you seen the first Creed?  It’s fantastic! 
New #toystory4 Poster. #disney #pixar #toystory #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies… 
My favorite books are movies.  
That’s why In the last few Bond movies it has been less about his Gadgets and more about the character… 
yessss more Thor movies 
On the good side, I might clean up Plex a bit by watching a shit ton of movies 
people? James Cameron is a terrible director. I don… 
When she gets to loud with you, close her lips shut! ...#movies #skits #memes #hollywood… 
All of these reasons, behind the scenes and in the story, add up to make this my favorite change to the Star Wars m… 
It's time for to retire. #Kalank He has always been producing most irrelevant, unrealistic and sensele… 
I grew up with VOY, so sort of a mix between Gene and JJ. I enjoyed the JJ movies too. I’ll have to check it out! 
Several new movies at the box office this weekend 
To this day I will use movies as a measurement of time. Like how it takes approximately one Revenge of the Sith to… 
article should hold you over until you get your copy of "Going the Distance: The Life… 
wait, were the old godzilla movies actually just porn where people sex in a tiny cityscape with fursuits? 
I feel like I'm ready to go back to only watching normal standalone movies with self-contained stories after Endgam… 
Poeple who watch Bollywood movies are born ready 
I don't have a TV and I am so glad. The snipped I occasionally watch on here or youtube is enough to remi… 
These movies have been so fun to watch! Thank you!! Enjoyed every moment!!  
The internal struggle playing out at Disney over who exactly Rey should be is more entertaining than the actual mov… 
So let's ban every Pres. monument b4 1863, cause they may hav… 
Lots of people still do.After all it costs to have WiFi on the plane, and/or watch the movies they offer… 
Lots of people still do.After all it costs to have WiFi on the plane, and/or watch the movies they offer.Many peo… 
where do y'all download movies???  
Election songs: a mirror to India’s democracy 
Dumb and Dumber style movies will still make this joke. I can see Ed Helms saying it right now. 
1. I was never a Depp fan nor can I claim to be one today. I do enjoy his movies and that's about it. I've seen him… 
An aside: Cloverfield really had no score, just end credits music. And it's perfect. It's a love letter written to… 
Jimmy Kimmel Calls #AvengersEndgame Spoilers A National Emergency - 
Hahaha. That's one of my favorite movies lol. And thanks! 
Ok but can we talk about how homophobia is literally blinding people from understanding the plot of recent games/mo… 
Yes, but not that it kept you from enjoying other horror movies 
Hearing that the Grumpy Old Men house is up for sale inspired us to challenge to offer his top 5 movies… 
My coworkers failed to mention that most were taking today off. Something about resurrecting chocolate rabbits, idk… 
One of my favorite scenes from one of my favorite movies!! 
I love the fast and furious movie franchise has given up on being even remotely believeable and is just making fun,… 
BTS I don’t know what I was doing when y’all got to go out to the movies with us 
Currently watching all the marvel movies that lead up to #AvengersEndgame 
I am so sad to hear your rants. I love your movies and your funny as hell. I am however a Tru… 
Watching the Marvel Phase 3 highlight with CANT CHOOSE WOMAN!!!! Phase 3 is the… 
I don’t know why but I love seeing DeWanda Wise in movies or shows ! Come through black Queen 
In my experience, midnight movies are for the really passionate fans, which is why you get the loud… 
Discover All 40 of the 'Avengers: Endgame' Twitter Emojis 
Too many to pay for at the movies, for my cheap ass 
Stephen King's CUJO (1983) KILL COUNT [Video] #horror: Director Lewis Teague brought us Stephen King‘s Cujo (1983)… 
All UNDERWORLD Movies Ranked Best to Worst #horror: Under director Len Wiseman and actress, Kate Beckinsale horror… 
me when cats are in movies: me when cats are in movies but they’re the villains: cats are precious angels an… 
Im sure this will be awesome mindless fun but no trailer needs to be almost 4 mins in length! Not going to watch th… 
Star Wars Episode IX:How George Lucas Helped with The Rise of Skywalker  #jedi #story… 
Schools require parent permission to show PG-13 movies that have little to no violence, but a game about hanging a… 
Manchester By the Sea is highly cathartic and one of the best movies to watch to feel sad. 
‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition 
I laugh like those possessed dolls in horror movies everytime I see this  emoji (I don't laugh like that... In my head) 
BOOM. Short version: SEE IT NOW. 
Crazy Rich Asians available now at VUDU!  #movies 
Agree. I’m so sentimental for these crappy 80s movies. Dang! 
And led to the six great Lone Wolf and Cub movies, starting with 
#RestInPeaceLorraineWarren Thank u for share your stories with the world in the Movies #TheConjuring. I love you 
On top of being pumped up, Arnold had a lot to learn for the 'Conan' movies: sword fighting, camel riding, rope and… 
Rent or purchase High on the Hog on today! #highonthehogfilm 
6 years ago today... April 19, 2013 was prolific for #Horror films, particularly #witch movies! We got Holla II (sa… 
Mom won’t even let me watch R rated movies. I’m not allowed to read her books either. I only read th… 
Reasons I'm not responsible lol:I just spent like $70 on 13 Marvel movies lmaooooooooooooo 
Talking during movies in the US is considered rude, but laughing, cheering, clapping, etc all happen… 
Breaking video news: ‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" via NYT #movies #films 
Have you heard of #Stikbot are pose-able robot figures with suction cups on their hands and feet which al… 
"‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" by RACHEL SALTZ via NYT The New York Times 
CHRISTMAS I could literally live in a world where it was Christmas all the time. I constantly quote Christmas movi… 
"‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" by RACHEL SALTZ via NYT 
From NY Times: "‘Kalank’ Review: A Bollywood Love Story in the Shadow of Partition" 
"Star wars movies are for children"Nope.Didn't use to be like 
Earth's Mightiest Heroes Are In A Bad Mood In New #AvengersEndgame Images - 
Yea he has his own production company. Which makes good movies. Full stop. 
Movies Streaming on Criterion Channel to Help You Become the Ultimate Film Snob #TVGuide… 
Exactly. Like a lot of the 70's &amp; 80's movies had. 
Look, I bought this amc pass, I’m going to the movies any chance I get. With or without someone 
This subscription is really a big joke. They just want to charge extra money even I already paid my mem… 
My coworker basically called me lame for going to the movies by myself. He said that’s on some “cat lady stuff” like what? Lol 
I remember those days.  We used to love having TUE &amp; WED off. Nothing was crowded. There was a lo… 
Yea mine definitely was NOT movie form HOWEVER I know there are movies going to be made about… 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War $10 each &amp; More 
Lol I like watching movies about wars and Romans history,so to me it was obvious I’ll like it 
So, #TheLastDriveIn has gotta be zombie movies, right? 
It's a reason why they don't put to many of us in movies based in the future. Orwellian forecasting. 
Kanti you’re not meant to actually give them the movies? 
never told anyone, but selena was one of my favorite movies growing up  
Now playing at Prairie Cinema! 4/19/19 #movies #datenight #LaLlorona… 
Movies are written by the writers as the actors perform. 
Had to pick Lydia up from school yesterday because she was running a fever. She still has a fever this morning &amp; th… 
Sure &amp; I'd put Winter Soldier in the same category, but IMO most of the "… 
It's what they do. They're being given alot of rope. Soon is going to pull them up short. D… 
I still want refer an actual disc, but it is going all digital. Kind of sucks because I like… 
Make Sure that You arevoting with your Walleton all financial decisions...Dont go to Hollywood Liberal's movies… 
No that's not true, I criticized Bush earlier. I agreed with Obama when he said that the p… 
Now playing at Elkader Cinema! 4/19 3:30pm show today don't miss Sunday 4/21 NO 1… 
They are all bad. He probably Finances his own movies 
Comic book movies are for children, you jackass. 
Field of Dreams (4K UHD Digital Film) $4.99 via Apple iTunesThumb Score: +6Apple iTunesFor those interested… 
Watch Easter Holiday Movies!SHOWING TODAY:"Iniquity"- Enjoy the plot twists and turns, as a top l… 
Don’t care what you say, The Kingdom is one of the best modern day war movies there is. 
I'm working on that too. I think 15 movies or so are missing here...Norman is so very… 
twilight movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
I be tryna get this nigga to watch scary movies with me and she gts every time Ima start pouring water on her 
Kathleen Kennedy Doesn't See #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker As An End - 
I wanna say Eddie too must Life is one of my favorite movies  
I just saw this short woman at the movies with crop leggings, a sweatshirt, wearing a fanny pack(!!!) leading (fast… 
 That really happens?! I thought it was just movies.... 
When ypu see merch for one of your favorite Disney movies (hint v) 
It’s that way with all media at this point. I can barely turn the tv on these days! Soon I’ll be get… 
Now Showing at North Grand Cinema! #movies #datenight #popcorn #lallorona… 
Dinner and movies date with the hubby and my fave pizza! Classical vegetarian from debonairsoffical_sa #pizza… 
I’ll deff give it a chance bc I’ve always loved the chucky movies. 
Hobbs &amp; Shaw looks better than any of the Fast &amp; Furious movies. Tyrese was just hating 
Ok no movies tonight. 
Omg I Stan and after that viewing party. Hilarious! So the goal to #daddywest heart is tequila a… 
"Ferris Bueller's Day Off" and 4 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
#hellboyandthebprd would be a fantastic show in the right hands. Better than ANY of the movies. 
‘The Curse of the Weeping Woman’ film review: Old tricks and a sliver of a premise 
I heard someone say that Marvel is better then DC. That may have been true, until Marvel made a million and one movies. (Of the Averages) 
Rent or purchase High on the Hog on movies today! #highonthehogfilm #packittight 
Way to go, Chris! 
This feels like plot of one of those body-swap movies I loved so as a child. I am going with it. 
This is a virtual "scratch off poster" that I knocked together in my spare time for fun.  Have a play and let me kn… 
I blame Marvel movies and the Big Bang Theory. 
I also love Chewbacca, so I hated Solo. As for the rest, I have to make a special effort to go t… 
One of the best movies ever! 
Update Includes: Elected Officials &amp; Appointed Members, Regional Economic Development of Eastern Idaho (REDI), and… 
To Maye musk happy birthday your the best lady who deserves nothing but the best on her birthday .Thank y… 
Top Five Double FeaturesThis week, if you are going to the movies, why not make it a double feature!?… 
Batman versus wolverine. What did u think of the illusionist? Similar movies to come out at the same time. 
One of the greatest movies about Christ I've ever seen. Not for the faint of heart though,… 
I agree, I love Doctor Strange in the movies I just am sad about the casting. I know the comics did it first 
I think it may be somewhere between those two points. Ruffalo wanted to do an movie arc about how the… 
Two the things that help can US soccer/football:1. Merit based major/premier/1st divi… 
Omg I want your movie collection I have some of his movies but I need them all  
The journey continued with 2/3 of the Iron Man trilogy!! Did not realize the movies only took place 6 months apart.… 
it's been out for a very long time.  You have to start with the movies.  Robert Duval and Tommy Lee Jones stars. 
I’m comic book illiterate and I want to get caught up so I can watch End Game. What order and movies are required watching before seeing it? 
A few real gems among these most anticipated films of the year according to #cinemacon2019 #cinemacon #cinema  
All this rain makes me wanna do is cuddle up, watch movies &amp; eat pizza  
such as people who expect children to be church quiet during Disney movies 
I am unable to book a ticket through online option on mobile app despite of having 4… 
Go follow our Facebook page #podcast #anchor #facebook #movies #comics #EntertainmentNews #GoodFriday 
Younger Season 6 Gets June Premiere on TV Land — Watch Announcement and Get Scoop on Liza's 'New Normal' -… 
I 100% blame my family (both mom &amp; dad's side) for how unemotionally emotional I am. Like I cry over animals dyin… 
Lol NASA is a .. .. You know, bc you don't know or understand the large scientifically advanced vocabulary they dic… 
5 movies done.  
I'd rather hang out at the movies. 
I'm so sad to hear this news. If I wanted to be scared, I didn't watch horror movies. Instead, I would read the The… 
Two the things that help can US soccer/football:1. Merit based major/premier/1st division league (pr… 
CGI Movies.. Dragons Tales.. Future Reversion Technology.. Genetic Engineering.. Deep Space.. Music Re… 
You watch a lot of movies 
Is it the same #Shazam reviewer complaints as China, in that now they want just big-budget superhe… 
Today's Throwback: The Wolf Man (1941) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A practical man returns to his homeland… 
Eat Dinner at the Movies at Alamo Drafthouse | Best of Brooklyn with Rachael Ray 
A day of films 
For you to understand quantum physics, google names of movies that explore that, I.e the matrics... th… 
Bret was clearly on the way down. He said that in his book. WCW offered big money for wrestli… 
Up next in our Movies at the Orpheum Series (sponsored by The Fugitive (June 21), Angels in the Outfiel… 
 i haven’t even seen it yet . Damn i thought it was gone be good . I love scary movies  
New podcast, new guest, and new reviews of Canadian Bacon, Mercy Black, Swimfan, and Gone Girl!  
All the villains in movies are coded as such by having visibly-deformed skin, with scars or pustul… 
Hey MPW listeners! I've got April's edition of MPW's "Lost Episode" coming at you next week! But in the meantime, I… 
Movies are doing business because good script not on your words... pls don’t miss unders… 
Thought would post another step by step posts for you today. How to draw  a cute penguin. Couple of cool penguin mo… 
What if Air Bud had rabies (in all the movies ) 
From a weekend far far away from the joins me to talk about Star Wars Celebration! We ta… 
Expect the opening scene to be dark. 
I never read Fifty Shades of Grey or saw any of the movies  I want to stay authentic. I learned everything I needed… 
Off topic, but that is one of our family’s favorite movies. We watch it every year o… 
GThai Movie 3: The Beach 
Someone Great starring is now on Netflix! Fuller list of Netflix new releases this week… 
Odds Released On Which Heroes Are Most Likely To Die In #AvengersEndgame - 
I easily made it through those movies and I enjoyed the length!#ReleaseTheSnyderCut 
we met at the movies that’s why we love going there  
I think there are books that accomplish this, of course at the moment I’m drawing a blank for an examp… 
Via the Movies and Hip Hop... 
Maybe the only way to tolerate political discussions is to view them as scenes/plots from horror movies... clearly… 
superhero movies are targeted at kids and you should expect kids to be in the audience 
It’s interesting to see how movies and television’s attitudes towards onscreen workplace harassment have changed in the last ten years. 
me, mocking this while watching movies in 4x speed: 
I think the film quality is higher and the color correction/lighting is m… 
Pancakes and horror movies..  Just missing you between my thighs 
You seem to think this about a lot of films. No, we don’t need anymore movies. We don’t need sequels or reboots or… 
LOT cause they can still make hella movies off of that shit 
I can’t stand his movies 
 that’s literally how you’ll know you found the right girl? You:Jesus?… 
Here are the Top blockbuster movies coming out in 2019.Hollywood movies fans must read this 
Happy 73rd birthday, Tim Curry! — You can tell a lot about someone based upon which movies they know Tim Curry from… 
If we're sharing, my grandma and I used to do allnighters watching horror movies most nights when I w… 
Nothing really except the claim of FPJ's legacy which is also non-existent.  I think it as his father's legacy of e… 
Now I just want to know at what event the Marine Corps band is going to being playing this movie med… 
What I did like about the Naruto movies is based on where they went, they adjusted to th… 
#FF Turning your favorite romance novels into movies. 
I know you watch a lot of Disney movies.Natalie Certain 's "Heck of a win" kept playing in my head. … 
Merle Haggard - It's All In The Movies #TheHubb 
Guess who is this character? He is from Shiz Oh Network and has his own two movies.If anyone answer the question… 
Jonah Hill &amp; Leonardo DiCaprio Have Dropped Out of Clint Eastwood's 'The Ballad of Richard Jewell' - About the secu… 
Vantage point still one of the best movies I've ever watched 
We would also like to point out that, unlike in all those Mafia movies, it genuinely is nothing personal. 
10 Famous Movies Audiences Got Right But Critics Got Wrong 
10 Great Movies To Watch When You Need a Good Laugh 
Movies this weekend.  
The 12 Marvel movies you need to see to make the most of ‘Avengers: Endgame’ next 
RT This photo of and at the end of #BadBoysForLife's shoot is one for the age… 
I think the Amazing Spiderman movies ask an interesting question of “Can Andrew Garfield play a convincing Peter Pa… 
US | AU |CA |NZ |UK users can have free Access to MOVIES, Music, E-books by simple sign up… 
Will cook and watch movies  
Exactly. The news depresses. Movies lack quality these days. Music is y escape ( old schools, mostly) 
11 Ways the Avengers Could Defeat Thanos in 'Endgame' - Geek 
1. Top Gun2. Half Baked3. Happy Gillmore/Billy Madison I quote those movies daily 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War, Captain America: Civil War $9.99 Each &amp; M… 
Tjerr!even drinking is much cheaper..No wonder young people embrace drinking as their main form of soc… 
This is a day to stay in and chill .. watch movies play games with ya kids, friends, significant other .. maybe hav… 
What are your top three movies of all time? 
I loved "Little Woods" when I saw it at the St. Louis International Film Festival in November, and put it on one of… 
Oh Wade! 
I am pleased to unveil Park Ranger Radio - A new MONTHLY Companion Podcast to the Twitch Channel where there will b… 
100 movies - 100 days - Day 6 
 so many movies msizi  
Just don't play any Rogers and Hammerstein soundtracks from movies th… 
Hi, I'm Raymond. My pup's name is Nova Maria and she's 5 years old.I hosted a podcast with my good… 
Then we would have been robbed of one of the greatest sports movies of all time 
One of my all time favorite movies. 
Ok but can we talk about that, yes, the Twilight movies were not to good and corny af, but that all the Cullen’s ha… 
I do sorta wonder what my experience would have been if I'd only watched Avengers and the Rocket Raccoon movies. 
Street racing has and will never be the plot of the FF movies. This movie is also a spin off. 
If I don't end up watching Pet sematary in theaters, I'll definitely be renting it from a box. SO yall bett… 
The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’ 
First Look At Scooby-Doo In Upcoming Reboot Scoob Revealed - 
Shazam was fantastic. If DC had been making movies like this for the last decade as Marvel has, Trump wouldn't be p… 
There's this new crop of Christian movies where this little kid (always a boy) dies for a bit and then comes back t… 
I still have 2 or 3 more Episodes of the critically acclaimed which is one of the best live Super H… 
When I was a young kid my Dad always loved  horror movies, and he had this one on vhs. The cover for… 
List based on wikipedia's article of upcoming movies for May 
Chris Hemsworth Admits He Was Underwhelmed With The #Thor Movies Before Ragnarok - 
RIP to the iconic #LorraineWarren. Ed &amp; Lorraine Warren had an incredible life story. Influencing the world's paran… 
As long as Liberals are watching Sound of Music this weekend, they also need to add to their list of Must-see movie… 
How often do you buy clothes? — Not very often, especially since thia bitch just wasted a BUNCH on money on Marvel… 
That makes WAY more sense! Haha. I can't wait for the last movie - the whole "one book, two movies"… 
Just found out all Might Duck movies are on HBO Go. This is a Good Friday!! 
"The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT 
It’s quite fitting to have a collection of movies adjacent to my poster! 
"The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT The New York Times 
Well the first 2 movies were horrible, they had to do something 
Watch After 2019 Full Movie Uncut  Online Free StreamingSTREAM NOW!________++     ++______WATCH After Full… 
Thought of the day: they just don't make kids movies like they did in the 90s. Mighty Ducks and D2 are timeless classics! #90skid 
Yep, great article. This is why shorting Mall stocks was such an obvious thing. Can't go to malls anywhere.… 
NEW Do You Like Apples! This week we hit one of my personal genre faves, the gangster movie. 
Good movies shitty human 
Read this, and you'll know exactly whose movies or TV shows NOT to watch. and many more. 
Breaking video news: The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" via NYT #movies #films 
Ha! I don’t even like Soda and yes! I’m down for the movies!  
From NY Times: "The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" 
Watch movies 
"The Week’s Most Interesting Trailers: ‘Dark Phoenix’ and ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT… 
What Team Windows Central is watching, reading and listening to this week 
Do what?Show a trend where the… 
truth? I'll probably sneak off to the movies wearing a pair of dark shades. 
Not everybody likes these movies… 
He was wrongfully accused of colluding with Russia and everything he did was just an attempt to save himse… 
Want to win a copy of Uncanny X-men #132?? Watch my latest video where I talk about X-men and the MCU making sweet… 
He looks like the ideal man - sophisticated, kind, good looking and with a good sense of humour, judging by the smi… 
These lifetime movies b craaaaaaaazy.  
#Movie "The Missing Screenwriter" (2012) 
‘It will be a superlative love story’: Vishnu and Bibin 
One of my favorite movies, holy shit. 
The 2019 Chubbuck Movies in the Park will start Friday July 12, 2019. Thank you to this year’s generous local spons… 
On the Mount Rushmore of overrated, he gets the GW spot. Horrid movies, even more horrid “person.” 
The 11 best #AvengersEndgame theories, according to 
'True Romance' is the rare instance of a Quentin Tarantino movie that benefited from not having him direct.… 
A girl made fun of me in 2nd grade for being really excited for Spiderman 3 because it was "dumb little kids stuff"… 
One of the coolest movies of all time... and I was lucky that it came out shortly after I had started learning how… 
Galaxy Of Terror: Movie Review - Sci Fi Horror Movie -  #exploitation #grindhouse #movies #WTvF #weird #cultcinema 
Did you know: circulation of digital items accounted for around 16% of our #library circulation in 2018 with 1.34 m… 
Lol I normally study watching movies ,I gat,I gat this  
“Standout scares!” Get tickets for The Curse of #LaLlorona now! #SignInAndSave now through #EXTRAS:… 
Watched Serenity last night and I needed time to gather my feelings after they killed the African American gentlema… 
Stream these 12 movies to celebrate Easter, Passover, and the rebirth of spring. 
Russell Wilson makes $35M a year on average now... why don’t you every complain about athletes? What… 
If you're into film, give Lindsay Ellis and Jenny Nicholson a shot. Lindsay Ellis made two videos abou… 
oh my goodness. one of the girls I watch has been awake since 8:15 and asked for a muffin then changed her mind to… 
So gay people on fiction are okay, it just has to be completely in the author's mind and invisible to the… 
I often wonder if CNN writers are actually failed Hollywood scriptwriters. They must be in a contest to write the n… 
i totally agreee!!! even though im afraid of blood, i love to see it in movies. hshdhshs. it's so nice… 
Honor to meet Celicia Baca of Celicia' Cafe in #downtownabq and tried their amazing #breakfastburrito for the first… 
Baby Boy one of my favorite movies. Yvette was hilarious 
Haha noo.. jk chn...haha movies like chappie.. real steal.. kingsman secret etc 
The Best New Shows and Movies on Netflix This Week -- Someone Great, Tim Robinson's Sketch Show 
That great of a series* They are movies for children as always.  These and capeshit shoulda died years ago. 
i hope my friend got a copy of it. hsfhshs. you're into horror movies????? 
Mjhy action movies psnd ha.. drama boring hta ha 
Today on the blog, I discuss my reaction to watching all 21 current movies in the marvel universe over a span of 21… 
I thought the same. 6 wasn't enough. It never is in the movies. 
I just need a day where I lay on the couch with a friend, watch movies, vent, cry, and then eat junk. Also I want h… 
I think I have the movies at home, may be packed away, have to check. For the Manga, I see individual… 
How about we start censoring books meant for adults next? What about movies? Or tv serie… 
Chris Evans Seemingly Confirms A Major #AvengersEndgame Spoiler - 
And that's the other thing.  Marvel and DC are not "all comics."  The manga readers are being repla… 
This one has a list of some of the 700 movies that are prohibited on Good Friday ... no i… 
At 8:43am I’ll review “Breakthrough” and “Missing Link” on with and Two family… 
#FlashbackFriday to when western Louisiana was the lawless frontier and wild, untamed wilderness. Those times shoul… 
I wish I had the wall space.  And like an impulsive collector, I bought oversized lobby posters for GOLD… 
Make better movies, get better s… 
Check out Mission Impossible M:I:III DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Public blow job and cum - view other horny movies on my account: #cum Public blow job and cum - view other horny mo… 
Apparently the last 8 minutes are crazy. 
You should watch Agents of Shield to get more details. I like the show just because it ties with a… 
Both good picks. Enjoy binging on alcohol and the finest superhero movies available, Twitterfriend. 
"We" on the other side of the wall. This is a movie created/picked by "we" and I was injected as one of t… 
Bro........ I just thought about all the shows and Disney channel original movies they’ll have on Disney+ and I got low key excited 
The Cue Plot Device #podcast puts out a lot of bite-sized minisodes. Want us to cover a topic? #Tweet us, we will d… 
Original chucky with evil spirit in him is alot more better than evil chip in new fake of him. Clearly Hollywood gi… 
what is with scooby doo direct to video movies having crazy awesome A-list actors doing their voice work? I just lo… 
We reviewed the 6 new movies available in SA this weekend 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost… 
Dm me or email me #wondo55 #fn2s #hollywood #houston #new #djs #clubs #blogs #marathon #mission #midwest #wi… 
If love awful movies then yes what a sequence. Don’t you love… 
Yes I did lol only because I'm off today but the 1st Captain America, Civil War, and all Avengers movies 
Anybody else grow up with these heroes and movies? Particularly #IronMan? A few manly tears. 
My family grew up on The Sound of Music and Little Orphan Annie. My American Aunt sent us those two movies to help… 
We're four friends (2 girls, 2 boys) who watch &amp; then review the plots of porno movies for… 
Wasn’t one of the Insidious movies made about her and Ed starring Vera Farmiga? 
Fun Fact # 34 - One of my all time favorite movies is Girls Just Wanna Have Fun! I could watch it over and over!  … 
Is the person that came up with word "movies" for films the same person that came up with the name for "walkie-talk… 
"A spooky, stylish, spellbinding debut." — opens Friday in select cities* across the country:… 
21 movies in a decade will come to an end in a week. And I swear by all the gods, IF CAPTAIN MARVEL IS THE ONE TO K… 
Worlds greatest dad and the big white were pretty underrated movies of his. They kind… 
Entertaining Easter movies for children: 
How to Use Google Play Movies for Chrome and Chrome OS 
Breakdown is an absolute classic of the movies you end up watching once every two years because it's on after the footy genre 
I forgot that I had today off work, so I am going to try and get a couple of movies in today. First up, Black Panther. #dwkiimcu 
The Graham Norton Show is frustrating me! I am trying to calculate how many movies I will have to watch to be fille… 
Your move, Marvel. 
Man yall watch DC movies with a mental disposition and its annoying 
MOVIE REVIEW: 'Pet Sematary' should never have been 
The one unseen in that beings out the madness in us all. (The people the make the movies and shows but… 
Even tho they were terrible, the two reboot movies are on Netflix with Knoxville and Scot… 
Also I feel like I should point out that THERE ARE 6 PARANORMAL ACTIVITY MOVIES. That's 5 too many. 
Wow I thought you were dead. Turns out you're just brain dead. So sad to see people I used to enjoy in… 
DM for your wwe ticket for affordable price and also your concert shows and movies 
you can use my netflix login! #byebrian. You might see lots of d porn movies under “continue watching… 
About to enjoy “Travis &amp; Grant go to the movies” 2019 
It makes me mad when people shit on movies like this but fucking love ongoing movies like Paranormal Activity or Insidious. 
Top 10 Iconic Horror Movie Weapons with Their Movies #horror: Here is a list of the most recognizable horror movie… 
Have you not seen the Harry Potter movies? I have one left. They’re great. The books are obviously… 
Think I wanna go to the movies tonight 
Movies and school work later 
So has music channels as well as tv and movies. This will be a welcome addition to my listening options at work. 
Lionsgate, the studio behind ‘Hunger Games’ movies, struggles in shifting Hollywood currentsJoe Drake, the chairm… 
Hiking or watching movies with my husband and kids, or being alone and writing. 
Another year of MAHA artists being released and another year of not knowing who any of them are and another year of… 
Kevin Smith Says A Batman Beyond Movie With Michael Keaton Would Make $1 Billion 
The Maya Angelou Interview Beyoncé Uses In Homecoming Trailer 
Deep State Propaganda not news. Really has become like Truman Show.   Everyone playacting t… 
Movies With Mum  --- movie this weekend is "SCHOOL OF ROCKS"movie link:… 
#ff no cool movies out this weekend  I wish was open in #stl cant wait til you guys open !!! Arrr #best movie theater!!!! 
California, the great state that is home to Hollywood movies and more. Yet the democratic state has the most shit o… 
Honestly the movie literally threw me for a whirl cause I didn't know where it was going really. There w… 
My favourite part of Horror Movies is the first 20 minutes when everyone is just hanging out and having a good time… 
I need him in more movies. He’s on “god friended me” now but it’s a small part. 
Movies that premiered on April 19: Assault on Precinct 13 (1978) Fast Five (2011) Fracture (2007) Mystery Scien… 
Pixar’s progress on pets - Toy Story vs Toy Story 4 (24 years difference) #Movies #TV 
I didn’t get an allowance  but they did take me out to movies, dinner or shopping for few things if I brought a good report card. 
How horror movies should be made. 
Stream these 12 movies to celebrate Easter, Passover, and the rebirth of spring 
Reminder, if we're currently in the middle of a series of movies, we don't know how it ends yet. Stop throwing arou… 
A all digital Xbox One S without a bigger internal storage and lose the ability to play blu-ray movie… 
This is it for the original six. 
Aaaah, love putting on the TV and one of my favourite movies is on... PS I Love You. 
I never got to watch Tsotsi....Plus all the Harry Potter movies. 
Best New Shows and Movies on Netflix This Week -- Someone Great, Tim Robinson's Sketch Show… 
Exactly!!! I hate this types of movies. 
OK BUT LIKE I'm still TERRIFIED of the original movies. Every time I see a figurine or one of the movie… 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost - Android Central via 
The the most admirable characters we read about in books or watch in movies are valued and remembered for their fla… 
One of my all time fav childhood movies. 
Well, yeah. People signed up because it was $10 a month to see unlimited movies in the t… 
I just watched The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King (2003) #trakt 
Feelin cute, might delete later. #SignInAndSave now through #EXTRAS foe tickets to #DisneynaturePenguins:… 
Lionsgate, the studio behind ‘Hunger Games’ movies, struggles in shifting Hollywood currents 
I want movies to download  
It was a very fitting instrument for both movies! 
“4 Reasons you should be at tonight”1. All the IPA beer and craft signature cocktails. 2. 80/9… 
On Thursday we asked, “Which famous movie star and singer is listed as Norma Jeane Mortensen on her birth certifica… 
I feel like if you watch action movies with no expectations they away 
LMAO!!! Nothing much else happened with comic book movies that day except a trailer that got released s… 
GThai Movie 1: Four Seasons 
Spoilers lie ahead. 
Akshay Kumar's number of successes &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Aamir Khan total movies.Aksha… 
Just watched the #bumblebee movie with my boys and I must say it was totally worth our while. A beautiful asexual m… 
Monologues &amp; Scripts for Film &amp; Stage #actorslife  
The Godfather movies. 
Rear Window is my fave  one of my brothers bought me a lovely velvet box set with about a dozen Hitchcock movies a few years ago. 
If you had to pick one of these movies to watch every day, what are you picking? 
We saw that at the movies, it’s great. We’ve just got Thir Ragnarok and Infinity War to go. Tickets… 
Nothing wrong with watching kids movies, except maybe when you are the only person in their fifties s… 
Movies opening this weekend. Get out and support your local theatre. #FridayNightAtTheMovies 
1.5 M is really tough!! People aren’t watching in theaters  more now!! Last couple of years Free… 
Last night I was at for a screening of Spellbound in glorious 35mm. Check out other #Movies being p… 
But where do I put my games and movies? 
Simon Pegg &amp; Nick Frost's Horror-Comedy ‘Slaughterhouse Rulez’ Finally Gets US Release Date - May 18, 2019… 
Movies later 
I have been begging for a random option forever, but for movies. For TV it’s going to be hit or miss depending on t… 
How present day Kids like the ghost/horror movies ? #Kanchana3 
Guardians of the Galaxy. I genuinely enjoy these movies, even though I remain disappointed with what they've done w… 
Cannes: Thierry Fremaux on the Lineup’s Record Number of Female Directors, American Cinema and Political Films… 
So I was in college during the early 2000’s and the a new mom in the 2010’s so I missed a lot of movies and tv. Wat… 
I still remember being utterly entranced by the original comics, which I came across at a CNA in Cres… 
So the F&amp;F spinoff is fun if you enjoy movies that just don't care? Excellent! 
So chick flicks are not softcore porn movies for dusty housewives and soccer moms? 
Come here, and let’s watch some movies ;) 
"Field of Dreams" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
"Ad:" 2018 Wacky Packages Go to the Movies Fantasy Film #4 Volde-Mort's Salt - NM-MT  fly… 
He's gorgeous. He makes me want to go to the movies.  And I want to take him 
Hello world  !  I’ve been experimenting with logos, &amp; I need help #TeamIsaacKennedy.  I’m not sure I’m sold on thi… 
With 'Homecoming' Beyoncé is taking her place in history 
On-screen politico 
Anatomy of a Scene: How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene 
“The book is a film that takes place in the mind of the reader. That’s why we go to movies and say, “oh, the book i… 
Is this how they're titling fast and furious movies now? 
Hoooaw serious? Rented 3 movies but they only made two available  tshe ra lindela 
How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ 
All Twilight movies 
Check out VHS Sports Movies Field of Dreams Jerry MaGuire The Scout and more Lot of 6  via #JS1020 
(9 Inch Portable DVD Player) #MTVBRKPOPBTS on At a Glance…Watch movies anywhere you are on a 9 inch screen with a… 
My officer talks with specific details about Hollywood movies. Actors names/directors etc. All i have to do is say… 
"‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT The New York Times 
"How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT The New York Times 
"‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT 
"How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT 
Movies  in my blankets  
Beychella and your couch are calling. 
Breaking video news: ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" via NYT #movies #films 
From NY Times: "‘The Curse of La Llorona’ | Anatomy of a Scene" 
From NY Times: "How to Make Crying Frightening in ‘The Curse of La Llorona’" 
Day1of5Food , Movies ,  Cuddles . 
Yes.  Both such great movies. 
Hi Kabelo, movies are distributed to cinemas according to cinema type and the amount of copies we receive… 
They are just over the top action movies and I enjoy them more than I probably should. Over Christmas I re-watched all of them. 
#Movie "Scarlet Moon" (2006) 
We, uh, have already gotten 2 ST movies that respected the legacy characters.... 
‘Dithee’: Ebb and flow of loss 
nw: seven sundays one of my fave family drama movies 
I want to thank everyone who took the time to watch my recent short film, I appreciate all your kind words and enco… 
Oscar Box Office: ‘Green Book’ Scores While ‘Vice’ Goes Slow After Nominations - TheWrap - 
1st, which iteration of CoD? 2nd, how would you differentiate it from like 1 Million other movies based… 
What if the referee actually did his job and stopped the fight in any of the Rocky movies. He never sho… 
Today's Throwback: The Host (2006) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A monster emerges from Seoul's Han River an… 
And thank you, Ashley. Y'all are too good to me. Here's a little an… 
arey asshole, watching your movie. If you want romance and sex movies, have fun with your wife in bedro… 
I’m ticking more marvel movies of the of my list rather than revision topics  
Paper Girls, Black Science and Skywards End - as Sea Of Stars, Unearth, Reaver and Space Bandits Begin in Image Com… 
Before It Was the Biggest Series on Earth, Game of Thrones Was Just Another HBO Drama - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
No. They are different Star Wars movies. There is a no way an opening crawl would work for them 
light hearted movies make me cry too  
Relaxing and watching Erased on Netflix. I rarely watch English language tv shows/movies anymore...#Erased… 
Considering #Horror Cinema Ep. 005: The Monster Problem, $5 Bargain Bin Gas Station Horror Movies, and Weekend Horr… 
Very quiet. Rained all day so the girls and I cooked, watched movies and definitely resisted breaking in… 
I Love those real strong men movies. Nothing like having those around. Heart and soul. 
How Jordan Peele subverts the white gaze  
What happened to only watching light hearted movies ? 
What to watch in netflix? Scrolling through the movies and series for 30 minutes and counting  
Thank you Netflix for the 1h30 movies, because these 2h movies, that aren't, Homecoming are an ulcer for my concentration shem. 
Hey, you get awesome visuals of sunshine in movies anyway.  
Someone told me love was only in the movies it's dont exist in real life theses days nooooo 
Movies and soccer got me for today till Monday..if I Perish,I perish  
One of my favorite movies of all time! 
BRON Studios Hires Alissa Norby As VP Digital Content And Strategy - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Wow, I remember a story about this happen to a family many years ago. Which the family lives were turned upside… 
Sony’s Screen Gems Teams With Ground Control To Launch Horror Lab - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
This is just  one of the many “hang on a second” moments that take me out of otherwise enjoyable movies, and is one… 
Sundance Pic ‘The Sound Of Silence’ Acquired By IFC Films - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
So #WonderPark is one of my favorite movies of 2019, great animation, cute characters and a story that punched me r… 
Snuggle up with family this weekend! Inspirational movies for R60 each at your nearest CUM Books. Prices valid unti… 
Maybe THAT is part of the OTHER MATERIALS - in addition to unredacted Mueller copy- congress is asking… 
U.S. Soccer Star Hope Solo Subject Of Movie Biopic From ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ &amp; ‘Chasing Coral’ Outfit Argent Pictures -… 
#Movie "Cannes Man" (2011) 
‘Vellai Pookal’ review: From cop to bottom 
Tune in to (161) to watch our very own on Saturday for the Original Mzansi Movies at 19:… 
In the movies we don’t really see him abusing anyone but Nebula until Vormir. We know he makes his children train r… 
Movies are really dope 
Today is the perfect day to watch these entertaining #Easter movies with your children. Read here:… 
Catalog Specialist - Amazon Digital Services LLC | Employment LookThe Prime Video team is changing the way people… 
Or if you believe everything in James Bond Movies (I do) it’s “9 eyes” 
If you like cheesy B 90s movies with really bad CGI, you’ll probably like Laserhawk. 
You still have time to watch all the MCU movies before Endgame 
The ending of the awesome film "About a Boy" reminded me this year of how my mom had said a friend's mom reminded h… 
[MUST SEE] Kickstart your plans for this extra special holiday with 
That is one of the best movies ever. I will be too. 
Non of the above or I might not even make it to work just Me, books and TV/movi… 
I just wont stand to close to the edge tho I've seen too many movies where niggas fall off the cruise ship 
Look for Don Coscarelli’s book ‘True Indie’ if you’re a fan of his movies. It’s entertaining… 
Avengers: Infinity War is one of the Best MCU Films Yet! : Adam Rants Movies 
how do I get my Twitter idols to watch my favorite movies 
The high walls and fences shouldn’t stop you from fighting for what you believe in.#SaintJudy - book your tickets… 
Our lives are actually movies  highkey 
Now talk about kangana’s disastrous movies? Stop already man, stop it with this hate. If Kangana doesn’t… 
Hope to see this in South Africa also. Seems all movie mags is mostly about superhero movies now...… 
there has been rumours that they do revisit previous movies in endgame, so maybe this is a hint! 
So shocked by the amount of  in films. It’s not right. So I looked it up... 
Golden Globes 2020 Timeline Set For Shortened Awards Season - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
BCC Coolangatta is loving Easter time at the movies  We will be having Easter egg hunting and kiddie activities… 
Most of my dreams are like movies, when I remember my dreams I think it's a movie I watched I'm dreaming about, but… 
No, but aamir fan said aamir hv huge stardom in China.They have to believ… 
After 21 movies, the Avengers face round two with the biggest threat their universe has ever 
Cause they named their company after a fruit that only assholes eat in the movies. That's why 
Why does anyone care who his favorite is? Personally I’m a fan of Chewy. Than again I grew up when there was… 
Generally, horror movies don't slap the way they used to. 
Why am i so in love with old movies 
About to watch #LittleMovie  #Movies #ComedyReview to follow... ^CB 
I personally think sticking as closely to the source material as possible is important, esp… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Singin' in the Rain (1952) [HEVC · 1080p · Passed · 8.3/10] is now avail… 
A new movie was added to the media server:North by Northwest (1959) [H264 · 720p · Passed · 8.3/10] is now availab… 
Can my love life be like one of those romantic movies . 
Marvel Movies (Digital HD): Ant-Man and the Wasp, Avengers: Infinity War, Captain America: Civil War $9.99 Each ...… 
Shailene Woodley – My favorite movies are movies… ... more 
A new movie was added to the media server:Vertigo (1958) [H264 · 720p · PG · 8.3/10] is now available in the Movie… 
A new movie was added to the media server:H.H. Holmes: America's First Serial Killer (2004) [H264 · 480p · Unrated… 
#Movie "In Enemy Hands" (2004) 
5 Minutes IRISH Gummy Bear Song GAELIC St. Patrick's Day Gummibär Animation, animation movies full movies english,D… 
Cujo would be great! The Stephen King universe in movies is getting so much better. Saw Pet Sematary to… 
Happy Easter, everyone!For a treat, here's Digital Spy's guide to some of the best Easter Eggs in modern film:… 
MOVIE REVIEW: The Kandasamys are back! And it's even better than the first 
There is life after death but when the dead come back, they don’t come back the same. Watch #PetSematary in cinem… 
Ba slow batho ba. Ke ipotsa gore ba palelwa ke eng,when they have movies to guide them  
where do the girls in movies find their best friends like my friends barely text me back and those people are basic… 
if we are talking about southerners they show in movies, then certainly the ratio would be less :-P 
I really prefer the movies with puppetry and but very curious if #ChildsPlayMovie will be good. Chuckster is my all… 
The Piketberg Bio-scope building was built in the late 1920s. It was one of the first bios in the region. During th… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Sunset Boulevard (1950) [H264 · 720p · Passed · 8.4/10] is now available… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Once Upon a Time in the West (1968) [H264 · 720p · PG-13 · 8.5/10] is no… 
They just write shows and movies around James Spader. He gets to be himself in different shows 
Couldn't agree more. The only reason I saw it was because Warner Bros sent me a double p… 
Watch The Intruder Online Free (2019) Full MoviePLAYING NOW!________++     ++______WATCH The Intruder F… 
The jocks and the mean cheerleaders!! I love high school movies  
My boyfriend every time I convince him to go to the movies with me  
people in horror movies are too dumb honestly stop visiting grave yards and go to school 
If MCU goes forward with the self centered and zero humor person who is always ready to be triggered (Brie larson)… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Tom and Jerry Spy Quest (2015) [H264 · 720p · TV-Y7 · 6.4/10] is now ava… 
Watch UglyDolls Online Free (2019) Full MoviePLAYING NOW!________++     ++______WATCH UglyDolls Full Mo… 
People only search for movies they know about, and people on general don't know about the indies as of… 
My place, just woke up. Will be doing some work for my school 3 hours. Then Movies, Soccer training &amp; TV series. 
Psychiatrists raise objection to title of Kangana Ranaut-starrer 'Mental Hai Kya' 
Watch Long Shot Online Free (2019) Full MovieWatch Long Shot 2019 Full Movie Uncut and watch ONline Free Streamin… 
‘Her Smell’: More than enough of hard-rocking Becky with the bad attitude - Chicago Sun-Times 
Can someone suggest something to watch on Netflix...  Even subtitled foreign language movies will do...  I've seen… 
I love watching scary movies but I’m such a lil BITCHHHH  everyone needs to go watch la llorona 
God damn, I saw Lone Wolf and Cub trending and I thought we were getting another live action adaptation and got exc… 
Hmmm.... Which one will still work after the apocalypse? I don't remember a lot of self driving cars in t… 
You can come to my place I have new movies on my laptop.  
Hey Drink in the thank you for following me 
I’m SO angry at Kevin Spacey. Now I’m stuck in the quandary of having loved most of his… 
That wat u see in movies...people not eating after heart break issa lie....I was so hungry I ate n fin… 
You’ve gotta earn the movies, earn them I say! 
And how African American roles in movies are given to racially ambiguous women. 
In Theaters April 19, #FastColor #FastColorMovie #TheCurseOfLaLlorona… 
‘Kanchana 3’ review: A loud, preposterous, offensive horror-comedy 
who is your favorite character from Game of thrones  and The marvel movies? 
Songs for Screens: Lizzo Explains How Synchs Paved the Way for Her Breakthrough - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
#Movie "Ignition" (2014) 
Truly..no matter how many movies I watch foreign or local none matches Sarafina. It's that one in a trillion movie 
Top 5 movies 
10 Great Movies about Outsiders 
Just noticed that. They are of Armenian heritage. 
The High Price Of Luring The Movies To Hawaii: The film industry says the state’s $35 million cap on tax credits is… 
On which website do you download movies? 
I'm on Team Thanos (if you've seen the Avengers movies). Less people, less stress on resources but lots… 
You've been warned.  #PetSematary is NOW IN CINEMAS. Get your tickets here 
The wedding of the year! Jodi and Prishen are tying the knot in  Kandasamy's: The Wedding. It promises to be drama,… 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) Full Movie Online Free #Avenger #Movies #2019movies 
Combine a VPN with Your Firestick and Enjoy Unlimited Access to Movies and Series!The human being has several need… 
Legit local brother who is 10years old, ohhh by the way he was video calling to ask if I will come and s… 
"Forcing" yourself? 
Mel and I flew too close to the sun thinking we could watch 2 marvel movies in one night,,, this is what happens wh… 
Let's go! #feriado ....#holiday #restday #gameofthrones #marathon #maratona #popcorn #films #insta #movies… 
All of the Blade movies are available on Amazon Prime, let me go ahead and watch the perfection 
hello, Im in Japan right Now, could you recomend me a place in Tokyo to buy Your books and movies? Thanks 
Indian Psychiatric Society calls Kangana Ranaut-starrer ‘Mental Hai Kya’ posters in poor light, writes to CBFC  
‘Mehandi Circus’ review: A simple, effective love story  
New at the movies: Aretha Franklin in concert, Robert Pattinson in space, a demon in L.A. - Milwaukee Journal Senti… 
My DC Universe Movies ranking favorites via 
I love rewatching these movies man. 
#Maharshi Now Stands At TOP1 in India's Most Anticipated Movies List IMDB  … 
Underworld! Along with most Dracula movies. 
'Jersey' Review: Hits the Ball Out of the Park 
"Ant-Man and the Wasp" and 6 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Happy Easter !!!!! , anyone wanna go to the movies  
No one is perfect or should try to be. Standard of beauty change over time. Watch some old mov… 
The 4 day Easter weekend means crossing 10 new movies off my list. I love the holidays  
The difference between white millennial liberals and white millennial conservatives is solely based on how much you… 
"Before he came back to doing games, he was in a place called Liechtenstein in Germany where he made… 
PLEASE click visit  …  #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent #magazines… 
The Best Way to Watch DC Universe from Outside the USSource url:- Universe comes as a s… 
Waiting for #Pagalpanti Hope ir will as good as #mubarkan or better. 
NEON ¥OUTH // We can’t wait to throw on our PJs at our Pyjama Party tonight and just hang out! We will have games,… 
One thing about #StarTrekDiscovery season finale was it sure Did borrow a lot from another franchises. Beside occas… 
No franchises die anymore, apparently. The Terminator franchise, for example, should have ende… 
Movies: Marvel’s Cloak &amp; Dagger – Season 02 Episode 04 
(continued) With several genuinely surprising plot twists, jaw-droppingly fantastic costumes &amp; set design, and some… 
Let teddy take you to the movies 
I really wish had all the Harry Potter movies  
Here is the youtube version of our Summer Movie Preview with  #Movies 
Not only that, but these channels play movies with racist content such as the "N" word and… 
It hasnt even been a full day since the new trailer came out, and I've spent at least 5 hours of toda… 
whst kinda tech glitch is causing my *for you* page to show all sports? I hate everything about all sports… 
Some good positivity every now and then is always good. Some videos or watching movies. Yet someho… 
literally same all i’ve done is watch movies 
sofia seriously ordered $40 worth of on demand movies &amp; shows because we took away youtube  
#Movie "Revolution 10" (2015) 
.thisisysr  to compose music for VishalKOfficial new film 
That's merely unpopularity, though. Are all unpopular movies cult movies? 
 Lowest Price!Save 25% off Fire TV Stick with Alexa for only #gadgets… 
If VD does it ,Then it will be the first decision i dont agree with hi… 
 “Wacth Avengere: Endgame 2019 Movies full 
#LittleMovie starring Hall, Rae, and Martin is NOW OUT IN CINEMAS.Book here… 
If there is something we suggest you watch, it's these movies. Book now and enjoy our must see movies at Cinema Nou… 
Get your friends together and visit a Ster-Kinekor Theatre for our must-see movies this weekend!Book now.… 
I love Harry Potter too! I have all the movies and have watched them at least 5 times each. 
New up on the podcast Summer Preview with Available on all podcast apps… 
Marvel movies 
I stay looking up what happens in tv shows/movies cause i clearly have anxiety about not knowing what the future holds 
it was for sure one of my favourite movies of last year. 
I just don't understand how someone acting in a movie about a team of superheroes, which, all but her, have been in… 
Second video for today! Another trailer reaction, this time for something that looks completely insane and is now o… 
ONE CRAZY SUMMER is comprised of rabies crazed dolphin movies, avenging lobsters, permanent face distortion, cute g… 
Good Friday at the movies with one of this year’s hottest horror flicks, Pet Sematary! Book online now!… 
Your selective approach is something that is misguiding many .. one day u ask to speak to Neet Anitha… 
Don’t you dare claim to be a fan of superhero movies if you don’t know who this legend is. 
Stick to movies Rusty... and maybe the footy! 
Anyone else find it strange that Scarlet Witch lost her fucking accent in the later Marvel movies? 
Brother Bear might be one of the most underrated movies of all time. Don’t me, unless you agree, then you can me. 
‘Little’ Producer Will Packer Calls For Hollywood to Hire More Black Female Directors - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Omg I love cheesy romantic movies. 
#SaintJudy #NowShowing #InCinemas  Get your tickets here 
I literally don't think they could have made a better choice than Mark Hammill to replace Brad Dourif.  Still weird… 
practices wing chun and has for years, &amp; whooped asses with it in both Sherlock Holmes movies. I sa… 
Why are all Netflix original movies so bad? 
Dragged is streaming. Not as violent as the title might suggest but if you dig Zahle… 
#TheJudasInMyLife Have a site where they can download movies and series but ask me to share 
if I feel like it. yeah. sometimes cuddles, fifa, movies, convos. basically everything that comes with dating but I… 
Hands down one of my favorite movies! My hubby and I were actually able to catch it in theatres, it’s b… 
It's one of those movies that I don't find objectively good yet enjoy watching it. 
This holy week, isa lang yung pinaparating ng movies sa lahat ng channel at yung ang "risk &amp; love".God saved us wit… 
I just watched Return of the Jedi (1983) #trakt 
#Maharshi In 3rd Place In the Most Anticipated Indian Movies List  #MaharshionMay9th#SSMB25… 
#Movie "Modern Imbecile's Planet World" (2010) 
One time i stole 5bob to go watch those Rambo movies... the next movie seemed better so i returned home and tried s… 
21 Days – 21 Marvel Movies 
By revealing that everything in VII-IX was just someone's dream and then redoing all three movies. 
My practical side says go to sleep however I would probably stay up and watch movies 
Which page says he's guilty? Reality doesn'tine up with one's desires so scribbling your own li… 
good movies? 
Nope today it's wine and movies day 
Orange is The NewBlack. Thirteen Reasons Why. How to get Away with Murder.  Elementary. Movies. 
Strut your stuff and get ready for #LittleMovie. NOW IN CINEMAS. Book here 
Daaaaaammnnnn i saw one in person a few days ago right down the street from our house! Those are the actua… 
Oooohhhh. Some one's picture makes me want to watch all FOUR MOVIES OF PHANTASM!!!  HE SO REMINDS ME OF "THE TALL M… 
My first 2 films were stop-motion &amp; claymation. Some of my favorite TV shows &amp; movies growing up used one… 
Where do I find a guy that will watch super hero movies with along with scary ones loves dogs or animals in ge… 
The Pavarotti Trailer Gives Some Insight into the Famed Opera Singer - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
We spoke to Jordan Peele about 'Us,' 'The Twilight Zone,' and why he hid three Easter Egg references to Corey Feldm… 
Pay 2 rights are for movies released 2016 to 2018.   Also not sure when Pay 2 wi… 
Very grateful that is streaming no less than 6 movies....one of the most talented &amp; informative actors. 
The 6 new Netflix original movies and TV shows it will release this weekend - Business Insider… 
literally scary movies make me piss my pants. 
Whoah stop die lorry.. White people also have plenty of dikobo. But they… 
Well both franchises feature living dolls who are centered around a boy named Andy.I’m not that… 
Ahh I've seen the first two movies before but I'm gonna rewatch them plus the new one~! I'm still debatin… 
Yes. 18-30 age group is mostly swayed by popular actors quoting bs in their movies, foolishly following “protest” c… 
True story happened here. #STL  
Girlfriend always talking shit for no reason during movies 
I personally don’t like Schuster’s material.He’s racist &amp; drives his agenda through his movies.Trevo… 
And just to reiterate: this isn't the first time I'm watching #Community, but rather, the first time I'm rewatching… 
Imagine just living life for 30+ years and just not listening to music or watching movies. I didn't know there were… 
5 Ultimate Questions Related to Disney+Source url:- recently announced Disney+, a n… 
Going back to back Denzel movies 
The rock movies#TheRock #rockmovies #therock#fitnessmotivation #fitnessmodel #FitnessGoals 
Larson whines that not enough women are reviewing the "top movies." 1. Women dont want to review movies, they want… 
I loved season 2. I've enjoyed following Capt. Pike since Bruce Greenwood's performance in the New Trek movies 
Scrollinv through roku channels looking at free movies it offers, and dang I didnt know about so many straight to DVD sequels 
The rock#TheRock #rock #workout #fitness #gym #fitnessmotivation #fut #diet #budy #movies 
That's enough gaming. Time to soak in one of the best worst movies out there. 
High ticket prices impacts the trending .. and bad experience of audience has domino effect on other mo… 
News on in the b.g. during confe… 
Grab any frames from the movies, those would probably be the best guide. I don't ha… 
I said I could probably name 40 "man movies" off the top of my head and my fiance did it within like 60 
Carol's got a secret weapon! 
I mean romance movies are great, but I’m in the middle of something big in my tv show!  
take me to the movies Friday at 10. . 
Movies bruh 
I can’t believe they’re scrubbing the crows from Dumbo. Great comedy, great song, not to mention the… 
What movies y’all be fw ? 
are blankets allowed in the theater for potentially… 
Watched The Hangover with my mom because it's one of her favorite movies and she's been sad. I hadn't seen it in a… 
Very strange. Both times this song is used in movies, it references Nazis. Did Stephen Miller pick the playlist? 
!!Such an amazing film! My dad almost had to walk out and I wanted to bawl my eyes out so badly!… 
AMEN SISTER! Sounds like a few movies I've seen on HALLMARK! Men and other women lik… 
I've seen up to 7. Don't care to see any more. They're decent e… 
Since Star Wars Episode 9 is coming out I'd thought I'd share some interesting trivia… 
Now let me say this. We don’t know how Palpatine is returning. And it excites me to see McDiarmid again. He is ab… 
For clairity purposes I think Pirates of the Caribbean and the sequels are trash. He really only has thr… 
 THE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY MOVIES ARE SOME OF THE MOST BRILLIANTLY UNIQUE FILMS OF OUR TIME AND SHOULD BE TREA… 
I’m in the movies seeing “Little”. This little girl walked away from her mom &amp; said why is he here? Bruh... Why a… 
only when i’m watching the movies, trying to prepare for Endgame!  
Just picked a character from the trailer, but he *is* a main character in the 4 going on 5 movies… 
Peter Falk! One of the all time greats! One of my favorite movies of all time - The In-Laws. He and… 
marvel marathon update: Black Panther makes my heart so happy and most def my favorite part of the MCU. what’s your… 
#Movie "Abandoned Mine" (2013) 
Jason Momoa...seems pretty agile and athletic for a big guy (6’4”) during some of his action movies. 
My dilemma is to spend $40 on twenty movies and two seasons of a cancelled show or not. 
I'm sitting here like "I feel like watching a movie tho" and then I remember I've never seen any of the uh what's i… 
I never understood why people referred to him as The Shape (in the movie credits)... he was never cal… 
No wonder I never related to high school movies. They all had schools with outdoor seating and free periods and eve… 
No.  They will still eat me if I taste funny.  But my solar panels and collection of 8000 movies an… 
Tubi? I have never even heard of such blasphemous things!I haven't watched a movie that's outside of… 
Forever one of my most favorite books and movies!  I’ve watched it at least a hundred times and… 
6 new movies to watch this long weekend 
Their movies are Msoonu years Old, no latest release. My conclusion is its the same with DSTV however it just that… 
And equally applies to the savarna savior, the upper caste savior popularly known as the hero in the Bollywood movi… 
One of my 3 favorite movies of all time 
Lots of movies mentioned that I love but I haven’t seen anyone mention...Miracle 
That’s amazing!! This and BETTER OFF DEAD are two of my favorite movies of all time! There’s nothing qui… 
i want to start tweeting in english here just to practice but i'm telling you my writing it's sucks cause i NEVER w… 
Episode 25 Horror Movies of 2018 
And there it is again. Goddamnit. I'm done arguing,… 
I’m now in the head space to get caught up on MCU movies. Just 11 to watch 
Thanks!  Haha! Yeah, I would have loved if Tim Burton's face had been painted on the vase beneath… 
This is how Bollywood action movies are shot. 
How so? I’ve never seen the show, only the movies. 
A new movie was added to the media server:Seven Samurai (1954) [H264 · 720p · Passed · 8.7/10] is now available in… 
Conflict is pretty similar though. “I’m being torn apart” sounds pretty conf… 
Several times my dinner reservation were “Lost” only to find a Strzok sitting at my table. I am ti… 
First round of edits are done.If anyone wants me, I'll be the one watching crappy movies and getting drunk on the… 
Black Panther, Avengers, Wonder Woman movies made history this decade. But in the 2020's, I would like t… 
Dr. Doom sucked. But I feel they got The Thing right. Johnny Storm too. Silver Surfer was just awesome. Al… 
Finally watched Crazy Rich Asians, that shit was dope as hell. Definitely gonna be one of my favorite movies from now on  
Hey there folks! I'm MK, a former senior game/graphics programmer who decided to try out prop making as a career pa… 
#woobanksy I think there is something in the mind that gaming, movies, and tv helps.  In a way that is what leads t… 
Don't Miss The Pilgrim's Progress #Christianity #Movies #Jesus #Bible #God #PilgrimsProgress 
Love old, classic movies. Just watched Forbidden with a very young Barbara Stanwyck on Amazon Prime. Picture qualit… 
If you want to stick around INTERACT beyond memes and likes.  Have a conversation, get to know each other, find out… 
It’s crazy!! You’re not old. I’m older than you are and I saw it when I was about 12!! It’s a must!! O… 
Ngayon ko lang naisip: I'm sure most of us have watched Tom and Jerry; may it be the movies or the series itself. D… 
Ok straight up, the 90’s Mortal Kombat theme goes hard and if you say you couldn’t beat mad ass to it y… 
Rewatching all the movies tonight to get ready for Endgame on Thursday. I think my boyfriends getting upset… 
Ok. Is 4/26 some sort of a  summa cum laude Day, or what? ’cuz there are WAY too many coincidences happening on tha… 
I think Trump would be scared shitless of going up against a guy who takes his mom with him… 
I just watch the same movies over and over. 
Today this is normal in Rio Favelas 
“Do you know how much goes down in PG13 movies now?”Lmao 
remember the ghost light in the cars movies where mater lost his shit and fucking died 
I just wanna watch movies and have my hair played with and back rubbed is that to much to ask for  
#TheDirt is one of the best Netflix movies I’ve seen 
Tony doesn't wanna die. 
Is it bad? I’ve never seen one of these movies. I only remember the names of the original and Tokyo Dr… 
I don't read comics and not into super heros but the Avengers movies realed me in! They've been so much f… 
Watch Fresh Dressed on Tubi: 
Filming wraps on THE HITMAN'S BODYGUARD sequel THE HITMAN'S WIFE'S BODYGUARD, starring Ryan Reynolds, Salma Hayek,… 
Um hey excuse me I’ve been watching the Marvel movies in order to get ready for End Game.. so what makes… 
"Aw yeah! I've seen those movies! They're totally rad, yo!"He pointed at her, a smooth look in his eye… 
My dog literally whines whenever he hears singing...the last two movies I’ve had to watch for film class…lots of singing. 
question about #Disneyplus.  You’ve indicated that all movies from “the vault” will be in the service very… 
(Race Riley) Movie News:“Old Friends &amp; New Faces,” 
don’t they just skip over movies they need to watch to understand what some things are 
with all the recent talk about Super Hero Movies, why had no-one ever made one whose weakness is a… 
Magnolia nabs North American rights to documentary on choreographer Merce CUNNINGHAM #film #movies 
I joined for the comedy and and to read more about movies books and music that I like!!! 
Watch these 5 Marvel movies before Avengers: Endgame 
Saw a lot of references from other James Wan movies in La Llorona. Lovedddd this movie 
I just want everyone to know that I like dark movies and shows! That is all!  
Ratings: The Voice and American Idol Go Low Opposite NCAA Championship - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
The Conjuring is one of the greatest horror movies of all time. You can’t change my mind 
Something weird about all the Jay Ward live-action movies is the presence of a ton of wacky sound-effects and music… 
Adriana has 525,000 followers. If she responded &amp; retweeted everyone tweeting her, s… 
Update: now that I have watched the movies, I have now branched out to 80’s music... I love it! hahaha 
Another Annabelle movie? What's left to happen? I just learned tonight that there was recently anothe… 
Happy Death Day 2U (2019)  #trakt 
I just watched The Reaping (2007) #trakt 
I'm watching The Reaping (2007) #trakt 
#Movie "Born to Ruin" (2014) 
Yeah except his sarcasm was being outdone, went over his head but yours also. All… 
I can't wait I mean its different in many ways but the same movie &amp; I must say you can't remake too many movies &amp; d… 
Milos Forman, Oscar-Winning Director of ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest,’ Dies at 86 
And after I got him all settled in my bed and what not I ask him to pick a movie and he’s all like no u like boi I… 
The style is sci-fi noir in the tradition of Blade Runner. I imagined movies like Bond films, a diff… 
1983 in Movies.#1983 #eighties #80s #christine #vacation #thedeadzone #stephenking #strangebrew #octopussy… 
Pixar movies  &gt; Disney movies 
Amusing myself by clicking every cheesy romantic movie and trashy reality show on Hulu tonight just to throw off al… 
Me &amp; Will was supposed to go to the movies earlier we end up going shopping at the legends instead  
It’s 12 spider man movies 
Looking for a feed in town today? have you covered! They are open from 11am to 10pm GIVEAWAY: When you… 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #12 #IYPT2019Molybdenum is only in a Roy Rogers western!Molybdenum movie 1 of 2: Wa… 
It’s number one consistently for me and in my top 10 fav movies of all time 
I told myself I would watch the eva movies but I know they probably trash as fuck and I dont need that toxicity in my life 
Movies and Film - Filmes e filmes! via 
I’ve seen all the Fast and Furious movies and had no interest in seeing this.2 trailers later and I’m totally in.… 
Sooo now that I got an SUV I’m trying to go to the drive in movies with someone and lay in the back  
I’ve watched five of the six phase two Marvel movies between yesterday and today and I’m probably not gonna watch a… 
I just watched The Empire Strikes Back (1980) #trakt 
“Tell the truth...to yourself first, and to the children.” #MayaAngelou #Homecoming 
if someone gets me a DVD player with my favorite 3 movies I’ll die of happiness!!! 
So many faces that have brought us so many characters who have improved so many movies... 
More here: 
been watching too many Bruce Lee movies that calf.. 
When you were a teenager where did you usually hang out?#NationalHangingOutDay #HangingOutDay #FridayFeeling (Post teenager movies) 
We're okay with self-farting chairs that don't recline and don't have to be reserved a… 
I watch a many scary movies and sleep like a baby....I even watch them alone!!! Mahahahaha! (Evil laugh) 
Update: $300 and 45 minutes of mounting and setup time later, I have really nice sound in two rooms that didn't hav… 
My nights consist of watching scary movies alone 
Too many perfect guys who only exist in movies. 
I have been a huge fan of all your movies for 26 years. We need a live action Corpse Bride, please!!! 
That’s true, I never read the books, only watched the moviesI bet you have it memorized, don’t you 
I mean, sure there’s like a bazillion new movies to watch on Netflix! But seriously, who cares when THIS shows up i… 
Emperors New Groove, Tarzan, Cinderella.....even kids movies are driving me up a wall 
They need to quit with these damn movies, like this shit is old.. 
For me, it's like watching cheap and poorly written science fiction movies.  After a few min… 
"You're supposed to be in Switzerland you son of a bitch!" - one of many movies from the past where the villain was… 
iPhone XS Max. Definitely worth it. Probably not recommended to those with small hands though. Great for watching m… 
No, like natural hair. Them wigs be scaring me at night. Have flash backs of the critter movies. 
I never ask this question because all it does is bring out the people who know nothing about movies... they… 
should i leave these fake people at the movies, let me know 
#Disney Put this on Hulu,Netflix, Blue-Ray and Forget it on Aug.2 2019 because if you don't just Cancel it. Because… 
#beforeopeningnight I work at a movie theater so I get to prescreen movies before they come out. Lol 
for some reason i’m coming up with edgar wright movies in general? 
Inspirational #movie QOTD:John: “I’m cold.”Max: “here’s some matches, set yourself on fire.”-Grumpier Old Men (1995)  #movies #comedy 
Who cares if it’s even about cars anymore we need these action movies. 
Has this person seen any of the movies? 
Need i repeat myself Again, this break is nothing in comparison to multiple movies, multi… 
I am hooking off on sight, I’ve seen wayyyy too many scary movies 
I wanna go to the movies this weekend 
OK, so I've preordered two books, one to hit in the middle of my time off and one after. I've got 8 GNs to read. A… 
The breakthrough was one of the most incredible movies that i have ever seen.  God is so great!! 
Yeah, it's the perfect okey-doke. Fight with Black Americans for 90 years, steal their… 
"Mary Poppins" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Well first time I’ve been to the movies while they’ve had technical difficulties. Just a mouse cursor on the screen… 
I want to be a guy who sees a lot of movies but I’m too lazy to go to the theater  
As a child, I thought this camp was in Iowa. (ok, let me explain... In the movies it looked like lots of farmland a… 
my favorite #mcu movies! 
She's not wrong. 
'TOY STORY 4' Official Poster #Movies #TV 
Children 17 and Under Will Get Free Admission to The Academy Museum of Motion Pictures Forever Thanks to a Grant fr… 
When you realize “movies” is just a slang term for “moving pictures” you feel ridiculous saying it 
Dan Savage Is Launching America's First Marijuana-Themed Film Festival“There’s a huge visual component to being s… 
while everyones dream destination as a child was to visit Disneyland, mine was to visit Auschwitz. My mom had an un… 
It depends on the content. I believe 25 FPS is the PAL standard counterpart to the NTSC 30 (and 50:60), but… 
Do medicine cabinets exist in real life or just in the movies 
Yuuuup  And they way they piece together all of the movies like that... I’m worried it’s like, the l… 
One of my favorite marvel movies. Well at least the 2004 one. 
we had content being given to us during that time. We had movies(LOL, So Undercover), HM ended in 2011… 
VGMA, Rapperholic, Ghana Rocks, Ghana Meets Naija, others make top 100 Events in 2018 - GhanaWeb 
Dear Losers:I was about 8 years old when the ORIGINAL  Star Wars movie came out in about 1977. My Dad took me to… 
nice looking you are Robert, seen all you great movies. kudos 
Here's your first look at the poster for Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame, in theaters April 26, 2019!Watch Aveng… 
Like one of the cops is in on it one of them dies one is kidnapped like I deadass can’t remember who is who they lo… 
I’ve watched the saw movies a million times but I always get all the different white guys confused 
STTOS… 
Tilly! By far, in my top 5 favorite Star Trek characters ever. And it only… 
One of my favorite movies. 
I’m not a big fan of labeling movies as overlooked, but DEATH OF STALIN deserved more attention. 
Watching "We of the Never Never". Memories of my childhood and watching it with mum. Nothing better than the old movies. #goodtimes 
The 6 new Netflix original movies and TV shows it will release this weekend via 
Am I the only one that immediately thinks of Big Fat Liar when watching all these movies? #BigFatLiar #CaptainMarvel 
I myself live somewhere that isn’t like a huge metropolis and it’s really really rare to… 
Hah. Probably not. Did you see that it sold like $3 billion in pre-sales or something in… 
I'm a MAN. I don't cry at movies.- What about Coco?OK, just a little bit.- And The Color Purple… 
I love queer movies that don’t have ridiculous age gaps too 
Wow, and to think I grew up watching and liking your movies. Glad to see Twitter has shown us all w… 
My answer to What are the best movies about startups? 
Popular Comedian Bandla Ganesh started his career as an actor doing side-kick roles and turned as producer and made… 
Captain America: Civil War tonight, then after that, six more movies left... and I only have a week left. #MarvelMarathon 
#ICYMI: Disney pulls plug on Fox's MOUSE GUARD movie just two weeks before planned production start; producers shop… 
Omfg I said to my boyfriend "why are there so many movies about white guys" and it snowballed into an argument in l… 
Oscar Nominations 2019: The Complete List - TheWrap - -Eight movies were nominated for Be… 
Actually Rock left for movies after not even 5 years as a main eventer. Th… 
THE MAN IN THE HIGH CASTLE actor Carsten Norgaard joins Al Pacino &amp; co. in MoviePass Films' AXIS SALLY drama… 
#Movie "Terror House" (2014) 
This is one of the most underappreciated baseball movies. 
So far I cannot see any reason why these movies have garnered the adulation, fanatic followers, and cultural signif… 
the comparison between the two movies is interesting because one is a really well executed movie with a… 
good night Roman and Roman empire. I am so happy about Hobbs and Shaw coming out and guess what are… 
So scientists just completely disregarded the Terminator movies. We’re all gonna fuckin die 
Gunpowder &amp; Sky teaming with MoviePass for U.S. release of comedic thriller VILLAINS, starring Bill Skarsgård &amp; Mai… 
Only one Avenger can be trusted, and it's definitely not Tom Holland. 
Those of you who know me well will be both amused and unsurprised to learn that I’ve never seen any of the Star War… 
Let's take a moment to realize the unrealistic standards that romantic movies create for guys 
When they can’t walk or talk they’re like non people so they can pretty much go anywhere,… 
But like, what if they put 6 Taptic engines side by side underneath the keyboard and… 
What shows/movies are you guys looking forward to on #DisneyPlus ?!  Tweet me and lemme know! 
Since This is the end of this version of the Avengers and I always loved watching superhero Syfy mo… 
One of those movies that didn't live up to the hype. 
My wife is pointing out that these characters are pretty big departures from their previous incarnations. That peop… 
Watch Keanu Reeves Recap The First Two John Wick Movies Ahead Of Parabellum 
this is so fun! i would watch all these 
That new Dennis Quaid movie THE INTRUDER basically has the exact same plot as another one of his movies, COLD CREEK MANOR 
i’m going to allll the movies alone  
Like I've mentioned before, the movies are not… 
I’m usually the hardest person to please when it comes to movies, but #BreakthroughMovie had my full attention from… 
One of the best movies ever made 
17 Most Iconic Aussie TV Ads Of All Time | Man of Many via 
Olivia Munn to lead rom-com LOVE, WEDDING, REPEAT &amp; thriller THE GATEWAY, with Sam Claflin &amp; Freida Pinto among cas… 
Marvel movies ranked by how much money they made via 
Some crazy macgyver method that’s against all odds of successfully happening except in movies.... but… 
We live in a version of the Treminator movies where the giant corporations are the killer robots. If the left could… 
Why has nobody invited me to the movies in 2736282 years???? 
Happy Birthday To Two Very Awesome Film Directors: &amp; Happy Birthday Fellas, Keep Making Awesome Movies! 
It'll be one of the best movies this year! 
I feel like way more people have fainted in shock in movies than in real life, but in this case girl had just done… 
Enter to win a Blu-ray + DVD + Digital from Ends 4.18.19 #movies #bumblebeemovie 
Had a blast with my 6 yr old son tonight Thanks for the memories. #RiffTrax… 
"Fear Systems" is now my most recent plan for my next single. "Online and Ready," is one lyrical idea. "Startle me… 
When I think and here about SUBWAY! I think about I do wonder about Disney The Little Mermaid. in her… 
Hot take: I think Moneyball is one of the best rewatchable baseball movies. 
For Manor On Movies, it is. 
I rather sit in my car, , and watch movies than be in the house  more relaxing to me. 
Horror Movies 2015 Full  Movie English - Best Scary movies Full Length (FullHD Cinema and Tvseries online free Dubb… 
The world building in Black Panther is so awesome. I don’t know where I’d rank it in terms of personal favorites, b… 
During stressful scenes in movies or TV shows, my wife yells things that further stress me out. 
You said it yourself. People didn't know these characters. Yet I… 
Toothpick. No more SAW movies for you Stephen  
I tell you, not only am I his mom, manager, agent and chauffeur, I’m also his photographer and videographer. Self… 
All hell has officially broken loose. #Hellboy is NOW PLAYING. Get tickets now: 
Happy 69th Birthday to Kenny Ortega! The director of Hocus Pocus, the High School Musical movies, The Cheetah Girls… 
#TCMParty John Ford movies-First TierHow Green Was My ValleyMy Darling Clementine Quiet ManMr RobertsMan Wh… 
10 Great Sci-Fi Horror Movies You’ve Probably Never Seen 
I hate basketball until tomorrow night at 8:30. Are there any recent streaming movies worth a shot? (serious question) 
Tbh I hate how realistic animation is getting in cartoon movies 
Yeah, I like them too. Contrary to basement dweller belief, it is ok to like all the Star Wars movies lol 
I don't usually cry at movies but I did cry at Charlie and the Chocolate Factory when I was a kid 
&amp; written by other people. So just ignore actors/actresses politics and enjoy the movies and shows. 
What gives? Keep trying to play movies &amp; they won't play? Use a laptop &amp; software is up-to-date &amp; no DVD?… 
So are all the other movies listed lol 
Look at Steve Rogers/Captain America in the MCU... Then look at Chris Evans..… 
I kind of feel like people that say #DC movies are better than #Marvel are the same people trying to say #XBox is better than #Playstation 
Who else was having the original Transformers animated movies theme run through their minds seeing this tweet. "The Touch" 
Why do I keep watching these painfully bad movies that Blumhouse dumps on Netflix? 
Just got out of Rifftrax showing of Octoman one of the worst movies ever but Rifftrax made it funny and it was live… 
What are the guys doing? Can you tell them to get their act together and win this game toKnight? Vic… 
Our touch is just a touch not like in the movies our storys after the end 
Happy 35th Birthday to America Ferrera! The actress who played Carmen Lowell in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pan… 
1. no one has the right to pick who gets to see movies2. some kids self-stimulate &amp; have no control over making no… 
What if everything we've seen so far has been fake? 
I’m just wondering dates is to getting to know each other but going to movies is just sitting quietly n… 
just like in the movies it starts to rain and we, we are the broken beauties 
I can't watch movies with my brother I swear he gotta talk shit about everybody  
OMG!!! I’m so happy I listen to man.. #Shazam was freaking awesome I loved every minute of it!!! DC movie… 
#feelsbad sorry I didnt stream today I felt dead in the head and just basically drove and watched movies til now wi… 
Top 5 Disney movies? 
Review: ‘The Man Who Killed Don Quixote’ Brings Him Back to Life - The New York Times 
Anyone have any Reylo esque movies to recommend? Animes are also accepted. 
Favorite John Ford movies?Chronologically, top three are How Green Was My Valley, My Darling Clementine, #TheQuietMan.  #TCMParty 
Star Wars movies 
Didn’t one of those also have McGann in it? (The Aliens movies.) 
also i think it is that says in sports movies, the good guys win, and that is not true of Sports in general. 
Actor Sean Astin checks in with Spud and talks about life on the set during the 3 "Lord Of The Rings" movies, his n… 
just watching the MCU to prep for next Thursday because, duh I love the movies .. but also during dr strang… 
Movies music chocolate nature playing a tune and no interruption when I finally get down to it. 
i h(love with all my heart)ate romantic movies 
I can't watch this game on my streaming service for the same reason some cotton farms refused to get a cotton gin,… 
I hate when certain movies end 
idk if military bases still do this, but when I lived on Edwards and Langley, we'd have early screenings of movies… 
Just found out they're remaking Train to Busan and let me tell you I am VERY skeptical. America, produce your own c… 
I more like soft romantic movies. 
Download and signup on Netflix on your phone or laptop. Load of action movies in there. 
Most of the Star Wars movies? This implies ther… 
I be wanting shit that happens in movies to happen in real life 
The election commission has time for movies but is completely silent on the blatant rigging and inti… 
We LOVED these movies when we were kids!! And I have them on DVD. Absolute joy. 
We should all be grateful to the minds behind the 50 Shades movies for not splitting the last book in 2... 
#Jersey Overall one of the best movies in recent times An emotional journey from start to finish and climax leav… 
I would honestly watch the movie over paying my verizon bill... #realtalk  P.S. I hate horror movies 
Too mainstream?? Excuse me? When those movies came out I was like the only girl in m… 
The Infinity Gauntlet in Odin’s vault declared fake. The Eye of Agamenmon just not there. Necessary retconning beca… 
#Movie "Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse: The Castaway" (1931) 
Urban movies are the best. 
And you thought the end of the cold war was bad for Bond movies. 
“I will never, never push myself that far again,” quoth To hear a titanically successful black woman say… 
He looks like a low grade animatronic that is wired incorrectly.  See some 80's movies for references. 
"we never lose our demons - we only learn to live above them"Perhaps the deepest words in this whole series of movies 
The movies aren’t bad, but the commentary outside of it is insufferable. 
We’re fortunate Logan came out before Disney got their hands on 20th Century Fox. Amazing the film even exists at a… 
I am finally watching the Solo Star Wars movie and it’s pretty good. So far I like Rogue One and Solo a lot more th… 
I keep watching movies with shitty endings that make my head hurt wtf 
an affair to remember is one of my favorite movies i’m emotional 
Yet you look at box office and weekend after weekend and you see people are… 
The Movie Zone – April 18th, 20th &amp; 21st 2019 – Inspirational Movies, Cinema-Con 2019 
Maybe they have more faith in the story than they did in the other conjuring movies. T… 
120 family movies to watch with your kids 
Here's who he's playing. 
The truth could slap these idiots in the face and it would change their minds. I guess living the l… 
AJSKLJDL I DON'T KEEP TRACK OF MOVIES I'M SORRY 
why the fuck are straight romance movies so fucking BORING 
My exhaustive rankings of movies regarding the Holy Grail:1. Monty Python2. The one with hans solo (haven't seen)3. Da Vinci code 
Modern reboots of horror movies are always bad  
Remember when I bought all of the twilight movies and then the next week they all went on Hulu  
Yeah, so? That's fine. I actually think Dark World is pretty fun and gets too much crap from people f… 
They didn't look like the angels we see in movies. The wings, I mean. -He taps the steering wheel as… 
One of my top 100 reasons why I want to work with tv #Station19 
Okay so I saw Age of Ultron when it was in theaters and I had absolutely no idea what was going on, but now that I’… 
A couple of us in the newsroom ranked all 21 MCU movies before Endgame comes out. Basically, the Russo Brothers rei… 
Episode 88: "No Loading Time" via check out another great episode! #HappeningNow… 
Ep. 28 has Ron Miller—author of The Art of Space—talking about Chesley Bonestell, space art, Jules Verne, working o… 
r/movies is the last bastion of cinema lovers. 
The perfect explanation of the banality of r/movies 
Going to try and binge some #Marvel movies before #Endgame drops next week? Here's a primer and the order I just wa… 
Who else trying to go to the movies? 
'Black Panther' Breakout Letitia Wright to Star in 'Death on the Nile' #Movies #TV 
100% gonna spend my day in bed watching Disney movies n ordering in food HYPE 
I'm watching Arctic (2018) #trakt 
One of my all time great movies. And that line was awesome. 
Honestly Tokyo Drift is one of the best movies ever. Good plot, good cinematography, and a great sound track 
Why can't we have movies like this? :-/ 
I don’t watch too many scary movies but watching La Llorona  just because it’s part of the Mexican folklore.… 
What movies??? How were they? 
It's an oldie but a goodie  one of my favorite Disney movies 
We'll see about that. 
My first encounter with the Lupin the 3rd series was years back on Adult Swim, in the Red Jacket series. I loved th… 
I defs think the gorier it is the more it’ll b aligned w horror, but movies like Se7en disprove the t… 
Because whoever made this obviously has only ever watched the movies 
#NMSchat A3:  I have had a lot of times the joker has gotten the better of me.  From making social skills videos, t… 
Remember when Netflix would send you your movies or shows through the mail? Cause I sure do 
#praying #thanos #rip them to #pieces #tired of #watching #movies that #good #guys #always #win in the #end 
it’s a sit on the couch and watch movies all night kinda night 
what’s going on  no movies  
I've had to sadly face the fact that I can't do anything in front of a camera even talking about movies. No more en… 
#ManorMail. Character #actor king Dick Miller writes EXACTLY as you'd expect, if you're familiar with his #film wor… 
Danzig to direct “vampire spaghetti western. I think that is it for movies. This cannot be topped. ” via 
Didn't think you were saying that. Just simply stating that we've used our friends. We also spent abo… 
This is me talking about history, movies, architecture or funparks  
The Curse of La Llorona: Review and Connections to The Conjuring Movies via 
I like horror movies and watching the pretend but...Hell. Naw. This shit is too much. 
Me too I watched all the Friday the 13th and the Halloween movies, but I never watched Chucky 
watched both of those they are great movies 
Alex Ross Perry adapting Stephen King, INJECT THIS INTO MY VEINS IMMEDIATELY! 
Sure, it *could* end poorly, as 5 movies have indicated- and I would still want to be there for the grand opening!  
all i do is sit on my couch , watch youtube &amp; watch lifetime movies 
Wait there are two new penguin movies ? Blessed b 
He's going to go toss her in a well, isn't he? That's what the big weird ones do, you know. Tossing a… 
As of 11 p.m. last night I now have 12 movies and 2 TV shows starring (or costarring) Dean Stockwell saved to my DV… 
Ratings: ‘The Voice’-Led NBC Runs Runner-Up to CBS’ National Championship Game - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I'm jealous of white kids in movies. Their parent can come home and their toys and shit everywhere and they ass gon… 
Health kick? Dietary requirement? Just don't like chocolate Give Movies Instead!Movie Gift Cards on sale at BCC… 
I Wanna Watch Scary Movies &amp; Chill 
Amazing News: 3 Olsen Twin Movies Are Coming to Hulu 
I feel like we need to just start making our own movies 
I think ima watch all of the Indianapolis Jones movies tonight 
A beautiful woman that never stops pleasing her vans and friends. Movies shows. One strong lady. 
at least most scary movies are like an hour long... #positvevibesonly 
I wish he would take me to the movies  
Top 10 Horror Movies Featuring the Boogeyman #horror: Here is our breakdown list of the Top 10 horror movies featur… 
Roma, with all due respect In my humble opinion there is no Jesus movie that Hollywoo… 
Hey Kristen! I know you’re a huge supporter of fundraising, especially for good causes (and certain… 
i need someone to go with me and watch all these horror movies coming out fr 
#OneDayYouAreYoungAndTheNext you stop going to the movies because of those ' darn kids'. 
So there were you days you watched like 6 movies? 
why is it so easy to get free movies but so hard to get free fonts?? 
The Nuggets are extremely important to me and I desperately hope they do well tonight, but there’s more important t… 
Brothers is one the best movies hands down  
Agreed. Let the books an movies begin. Complete waste and witch hunt. The coup is real. 
It’s fascinating how we experience life differently each day. Even though we’re on opp… 
Can't wait you all have great work chemistry and produce excellent mov… 
Clue is the Citizen Kane of board game-based movies. 
i think rewatching movies is a talent for me 
Good movies: Twinsanity, Deadly Switch, Nothing to Hide, Play Date, Brotherly Love, The Silence, Deadly Detention, Deadly Scholars, 
Why BET keeps playing the same movies back to back. 
Not in  a good way. But it Influenced movies like UNPLANNED so let’s just say they can gloat  but not in a good way.  
Make it happen, Marvel! 
Kenny Ortega Signs Multi-Year Overall Deal With Netflix - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
New at the No Barriers Summit this year—Movies in the Mountains! Join us for the screening of two documentaries und… 
The movie had its moments. But what it messed up in it was noticeable and distracting. I know it’s part of a larger… 
that being said tho its valid to like, take a break from drawing. Indulge in other media like books, movi… 
I mean I end up falling asleep during most horror movies. Soo I probably sleep as well as I usually do.  
hate when mir makes me watch scary movies with her.... 
I only see the BAD movies 
Fun with Netflix: they stream Battlefield Earth and it's the "popular" top line of the "Cult" section. I get why, b… 
Never-Before-Seen #Halloween Footage Reportedly Discovered 
Stop talking about politics and go back to making good movies while also talking about politics if you want or whatever 
This explains why all the new Star Wars movies make me want to rub dirt in my eyes while watching them. 
I simply don't watch movies at home for some reason. If I'm at home, I'm more likely to be ga… 
I literally am unable to watch movies because of how fucking emotional I am 
Movies based on comic books are stupid.Thats pretty awful in my book. 
The Disney movies! I cannot. 
Scary Movies By My Lonely  
That’s so cool! That was one of my very favorite movies, especially for the fairies and the uni… 
It remains kind of amazing that within five years, any filmmaker could make one of the best movies of… 
You can check 
Got my nails done FINALLY, some chinese food, and ice cream ;))) and now gonna chill and watch some movies with the… 
I miss when MoviePass was actually the "too good to be true" service. I've long since unsubscribed, but I've also g… 
I always called them White Guilt movies. They show you just enough racial strife that your sad, but the crux of sto… 
Back from movies  
One of the best movies of recent times. 
A real miracle on ice: 'Breakthrough' tells St. Charles boy's story of recovery 
I went to the movies with a friend (strictly platonic) and we stopped at a store after. I went to use my discount c… 
You just can’t. Tin Cup is one of my favourite movies. 
You don't have time for movies.  I expect big things from ep 4. 
these* movies*I really hate that I can’t edit tweets. 
Things are heatin' up  #LittleMovie starring and is NOW PLAYING.… 
I don't watch much TV or movies, I can quote songs all day long though. 
I love you to death I love your movies everything but when I turn to this show when you started all the c… 
At any rate, and to quote one of my favorite movies, "If you haven't got your health, you haven't got anything!" 
I swear, there will never, ever be as good of a franchise and series of movies as the Marvel/Avengers. Don’t me 
We going to the movies tonight but I’m not even worried about the movie, I’m just ready to EAT 
One of my biggest pet peeves is unnecessary talking during movies or tv shows. It just so happens that 2 of my best… 
The 80s gave birth to some of the best bad movies I've ever seen. 
We watch Turner classics movies 
In one week, I'll be in the movies watching #AvengersEndgame I cannot wait!! 
Underdog, comeback stories are always gripping. One of the best movies of 2019 so far, absolutely ‘s ca… 
I’ll bring the movies  
Do you ever just feel like watching really old Disney movies? That’s a vibe. 
Hot tub innerds look like android innerds from the Alien movies. Also on display: Michael's buttcrack. 
12 films directed by female filmmakers you can't miss this summer 
too many good movies :(see other response to 
I AM READY TO HAVE MY EMOTIONS WRECKED. PROBABLY NOT. BUT I ALSO TOTALLY AM. For real, I can and have gushed for mi… 
Brooke and I just saw Peter Jackson's new WWI doc at an AMAZING Minneapolis theater- $2 tickets!… 
Added preview tickets for the NEW movies.  I didn't realize that was a thing, but it was confirmed by… 
DC Universe Now Available On Xbox One Author: Jon HueberClick to here to read --&gt; -… 
Totally agreed. I appreciate chatting movies! 
Why do people like scary movies  they be killing me. Pure fear 
There are a lot of great World War II movies and miniseries. This one ranks up with the best of them. 
If you’d like to just watch Pet Sematary Friday or Saturday we will open the gates back up at 10:30 to let people i… 
I was doing that real cute thing girls do in movies where they try on all their clothes for the night and dance aro… 
The Ewok movies are overlooked masterpieces 
I thought that only happened in movies 
Went to dinner. Went to the movies. He went to the restroom.He came back and sat somewhere else. The walk back… 
Yes!! will be playing to one of my favorite movies #TheRedViolin. May 2020 is too far away.… 
I need someone to make a parody of the sensory horror movies like Birdbox, A Quiet Place and The Silence.  Somethin… 
Thinner (1996)  #trakt 
One of my favorite movies!!!! My Cousin Vinny! Such a classic comedy!  
I love that movie. The summer of ‘89 was awful for me personally but it was loaded with great movi… 
Currently watching The Magnificent Seven with our three year old and he gets so excited every time he sees “Owen” c… 
Damned kids...Alexis- Auntie come watch Goldmember with us Me- No way! Alexis- Whhhhhyyyy? Me- You know why… 
ECT is the gold standard treatment and generally well tolerated and effective. Many do not elect… 
They are remaking one of my favorite movies as a kid!! 2019 is great!! 
The Reacher movies don't get enough love. More subdued than Wick and better for it. 
New #childsplay Poster. #chucky #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies #geek #imagecomics… 
Its true black panther and captain marvel the 2 movies with representation… 
I should stop taking film classes because movies always end up making me cry lol 
Idk which upcoming movies has the best cast; The Dead Dont Die, The Irishman, or Once Upon A Time In Hollywood. 
I’m celebrating  birthday by looking through old photos &amp; movies of when she was little. She looks… 
I really enjoy watching movies eBus(ini) kanene  
catch me going to the movies alone because i don’t have anyone to go w 
I don’t care what nobody says I love in all of the Fast and Furious movies !!! 
killing it in this new trailer! Looks way more entertaining than even the last few fat and furious movies!… 
‘Killing Eve’ Season 2 Premiere Ratings Slay With a Little Help From AMC - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Indian movies are my favorite. 
Pineapple Express is one of my top 5 favorite movies  
Interview: Getting Lovey-Dovey With Elsa JeanElsa Jean is featured in the April 2019 edition of AVN magazine. Cli… 
Thanks for the like Zach i appreciate you and ATZ for giving great comments on specific shows and mov… 
I guess people are gonna imagine Marshall law like the movies. Military in the streets. 
The Marvel movies really do have some of the greatest actors of our generation. And Jeremy Renner #AvengersEndgame #marveluniverse 
Women on tv and movies also have perfect hair and makeup and never pee after sex. 
3 niggas have taken me out on dates to the movies before and I fell asleep every time  moral of the story, the mov… 
What are your top 5 movies that have a one word title.GhostUnbreakableBrigadoonBackdraftCamelotSne… 
omG elf is coming on tonight ugh i can’t believe they’re playing christmas movies in april. i guess i’ll HAVE to ma… 
Spy Kids 3D was the pinnacle of 3D movies 
Yeah that was insane!I havent seen any of the recent ff movies to really know whats going on but it was nuts. 
Top 10 Evil Movie Laughs Video #horror: Here is a wonderful list of evil laughs in movies. Willem Dafoe and Jack Ni… 
Fab 5 Freddy Taps Snoop Dogg, Killer Mike for ‘Grass is Greener’ Doc – Rolling Stone 
Shang Shining. Sounds like it works better for that OTHER name game.I didn't like either of thes… 
#Movie "How to Commit Marriage" (1969) 
I finally started making huge progress on my stack of unwatched movies and then I just bought the complete Chucky b… 
Give it up. Go make movies you don’t belong in politics 
The Marvel movies really do have some of the greatest actors of our generation. And Jeremy Renner 
I gave my husband three choices for movies tonight: a rock-drama, a thriller, and #RBG — guess which one he picked? #LoveMyMan 
Staying in and watching movies &gt; going to groove 
Finally remembered to catch the intros for the fan dedication movies again. And the child with the purple jacket to… 
I know most of the guys in this movie and they're all poopy heads 
Watched ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ the other day on a flight. Still one of my favorite movies  
Keanu Reeves On His ’90s Rock Group Dogstar: “I Guess It Would Have Helped If Our Band Was Better” - Stereogum 
Stormy nights at the beach call for pizza and movies with my hubby  
The one and only thing I thought this franchise needed was to stop being comedy movies with people… 
There will be a FREE screening of "Movies By Kids" this Saturday at 11:15 a.m. during the Ozark Foothills Filmfest… 
Good evening Horror fans! QOTD: In Friday the 13th Part 2 what does Ginny use to temporarily trick Jason?… 
Where's Valkyrie been? 
Cory, do you like gladiator movies? 
i willingly watch movies that make me cry 
THE NUN sequel moving forward at New Line with HELL FEST and LUKE CAGE scribe Akela Cooper on board to pen script… 
"This all goes far beyond highschool. We are being systematically demoralized IN ALL AREAS of our culture simultane… 
Well I’m 35 so I might be elderly to you, but I am also a huge fan of classic… 
continues to touch on important topics in thoughtful ways. I’m still puzzled with how c… 
ok let’s make a petition for dimily movies and tagging every single person who can produce the film… 
I miss, Rick. We need the movies! 
Exactly. Now &amp; then I remember thinking whatever happened to this incredibly talented lady… 
Clint Eastwood again circling director's chair of long-gestating BALLAD OF RICHARD JEWELL, but Jonah Hill &amp; Leo DiC… 
seeing movies in theatres nowadays is pointless, it's better and cheaper to wait for home vid, no crowds, no over p… 
I record  movies etc during the week - Watch on weekends - gives a bit of a break- Our country will b… 
I have a genuine and shameless love for The Terminal. It's such a lightweight, fun, and good heart… 
Absolutely one of my favorite movies ever! 
oh cool then ... just don’t watch “horror” movies such as IT or a Quiet Place ... mxm those aren’t horro… 
I’ll do movies and stuff for $50 
Nooo....I don't want again. my brother is getting tired of going to see their movies and he's my ride. 
A quick stop at before heading to the movies!The spicy Houston burger is my fave! 
Do you enjoy any of the Lord of the Rings or Hobbit books or movies? If so, then yes. 
Horror movies really bore you now I believe, the recent ones  
Demi Moore Writes About Addiction, Marriages to Bruce Willis and Ashton Kutcher in New Memoir 
The 3 best Disney movies in the last 10 years are1. Coco2. Princess and the Frog  3. Moana  Don’t me 
Me with history and movies  
i blame streaming services / cable tv buying up all the rights to certain shows and movies and free to ai… 
I Wanna Watch The 1st 3 ‘House Party’ Movies, My Streaming Sites Failing Me Yo 
For the first time when it comes to movies...I’m scared and anxious how the game’s gonna end. As much as I want to… 
Denise Richards, Malcolm McDowell, Eric Balfour among cast of sci-fi action #film (and planned franchise starter) T… 
For my fellow obsessives about the 1919 Chicago White Sox scandal, which has been the base for the movies "Eight Me… 
Now available Replicas, with Keanu Reeves and Alice Eve. #NewRelease #movies 
What’s some good movies  
MCU Movie Sales Increase As Fans Prep For #AvengersEndgame Release - 
Brie Larson Reveals #CaptainMarvel's Secret Weapon For Taking Down Thanos - 
No I don't fast forward at all, but although movies do their best to tell the story, we can never even com… 
Boycott what basketball or movies? Possible 3rd option of just boycotting cartoons all together 
The libraries will be closed on Sunday, April 21 for Easter, but you can always access our digital collection and d… 
"Tangled" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
happy feet is one of the best movies ever don’t me 
We're just a couple of qpoc college students who love movies, and it means a lot that y'all listen to our discussio… 
Ready to watch some of your favorite movies &amp; TV shows without breaking the bank? Why not check out Movies.10 and s… 
Take a look! 
Many don't seem to understand that you can be a fan of marvel movies yet still call crap out when you… 
Time of good music, good movies and i think people lived with more joy. 
I like marvel movies. That said...I don't have to like every one of them that cones… 
Will Smith among Gen.G's US$46m investors - SportsPro Media 
pela fresta da porta, respirei por 2 segundos ar fresco --&gt; BTW, I'm watching The Creative Brain (2019) #trakt 
You know how long I’ve been craving movie theatre popcorn?! ... too long. I’m about to take myself to the movies, idc 
Woops! This minisode only just dropped but just in time for your #commute back home!Listen to “Marvelous Captain… 
You typed it on a typewriter with carbon paper and when done yanked it out of the typewriter and yell… 
Watch The New Mutants be one of the greatest movies of all time 
Mark N Tompkins Behind The Scenes at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 
Idk, getting both a reimagining that sticks closer to the original in tone AND a TV series that expands on what the… 
Picked up some movies at the library for family movie night. Lady next in line decided to put her two cents in abou… 
I am a nerd.  I absolutely love the Hunger games. And 90% of Superhero/ comic related movies. 
Going to the movies alone is so much more enjoyable bruh lol 
So who wrote this page turner of a script?  Was it you Bri… 
Top 5 Vampire Movies1) Twilight2) Twilight 23) Twilight 34) Twilight 45) Twilight 5 
I'm not one for horror movies but this looks really good 
Please subscribe to the Stuff We Love Podcast. I am one of the hosts of the show! We talk Disney, movies, music and… 
100 VINTAGE IRON ON TRANSFER LOT / 70S T SHIRT / BANDS MOVIES TV $99.00 via eBay 
I've watched 3 or 4 movies about him, all were decent. 
So are you the sort of mormon who doesn’t watch r rated movies but… 
 ...I am so reluctant but one of these days, I may try a little harder. Fantasy shows… 
Stop making bad remakes of old movies please. 
Movies now a days are predictable and boring. They chasing numbers than creating art. 
The Paper Town isn't tragic as the other movies mentioned. 
Aunt Peg movies. 
When People in Superhero movies complain that they destroyed stuff. Me: Well next time let's just tell them to le… 
Netflix’s Tales of the City Teaser &amp; Poster: Home Is a Feeling - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
DELUSIONAL... DELUSIONAL... DELUSIONAL... You think these want to be actors would spend their time w… 
Oooooowwwweeee!! Pt. 2 of the "Uber Chronicles" is up RIGHT NOW! click and see the craziness of this 3 pt… 
Hard Target   one of my all time favorite movies  
I kind of like movies that open with a splash #gilda #TCMParty #SunsetBoulevard 
Agreed, but after watching both movies, the plots are VASTLY different from what I remember… 
Say his name three times and he'll appear. Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice has finally appeared on the list o… 
The Mad Titan's ready for a fight. 
Listen music, watch some movies with snacks 7hours will fly like rocket unless you are not high 
I’m getting the movies in today. 
"Cleo from 5 to 7" is now #121 out of 2076 movies on my Flickchart! via 
how all the best movies end 
Persona songs as moments in teen coming of age movies, a thread, cause i’m bored 
Rob, you seem like a nice guy, except your politics, and you make fun movies, but you're completely misg… 
Why are #BelaTarr Bela Tarr’s movies so hard to find? Anyone know where to look? 
a lady from that small town in italy who was my impromptu translator is starring in local italian action movies and… 
After endgame comes out, I am going to try to watch all the MCU movies in chronological order. Starts with Captain America 
lmao and she's signed on to do a bunch more marvel movies.. 
Who you kidding you are funnier than those movies 
This show made feature length movies with its story arcs. One I keep returning too is the Morris arc. It… 
No one: Me: “I’m a whore for lego movies” 
Not that I am aware of, then again I do not follow news on the… 
Today’s the day that my childhood obsession of watching Mary-Kate and Ashley movies paid off. #Trivia #Work 
As always.....SLEEP and watch movies.  Did my cleaning and washing during the week. 
All these movies I know for a fact because of a move, that all of them were before… 
That was one of my top-5 favorite movies as a kid. TBS &amp; TNT were faithful to run it every few months.… 
I don’t like horror movies but.... 
I think the #lastdrivein movies this week are behind the mask: the rise of Leslie Vernon and Henry portrait of a serial killer 
I'm watching Doctor Strange (2016)#InfinitySagaMarathon 14/22 #DoctorStrange #trakt 
For every #sequel, #spinoff, or franchise movie I see this year, I'm going to watch ANOTHER THREE movies that have… 
I love a lot of movies from then, but yeah. 
A Bronx tale , and Brooklyn , now these are fire movies 
Always used to be one of those epic biblical movies like "King of Kings" on the box too. 
Am I the only person who avoids watching movies from the 80's and 90's because either they don't hold up well or th… 
You understand it's not 8k right. It will have some upscaling abilities &amp; most like the ability to strea… 
Fave movies each year yours truely has been alive! 
John Cena May Join The Suicide Squad 
Not all movies are sad 
I'm not the biggest movie watcher these days but Oh my lord is Hollywood cranking out the remakes of movies as of l… 
1091 nabs North American rights to documentary MIDNIGHT FAMILY #film #movies 
Oh is Brie Larsen the only thing to talk about in the world of movies? She’s the only thing that’s happ… 
so... i watch #PetSematarytoday and this is what i get from a friend just when im heading to bed. it ain't helpi… 
i want to go to the drive in movies  
I said sad movies  
Hi! I'm Sean!I write fantasy books!I tweet about those books.And about writing.And also about cats, dogs, s… 
Tell me those eyes don't remind you of Puss In Boots from the Shrek Movies. #BeautifulGirl #LoeMyDog 
Not all movies have sad endings 
I already did my Français étudiez aujourd’hui.. I did my reading for the day. I figure i might just watch more of m… 
So #ShazamMovie was fun as hell. I haven't really enjoyed much of the DC movies up until this point, save for the… 
Can’t decide what to watch, throwing a bunch of shows and movies on a shuffle, let my computer decide. 
She’s the Man is still one of the best movies ever made!  
Holy Week movies and shows to watch this Holy Week break—and beyond - Philippine Entertainment Portal… 
Here Are Marvel’s Next Six Movies After 'Endgame' 
If you take me to the movies and the movie doesn’t have a single black person in it. I am FALLING asleep. 
i've said it before and i'll say it again: an adorkable 16 year old has NO BUSINESS having a name like "F*nn Wolfha… 
Real-life married couple Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green to star in family-adventure movie DAKOTA #film #movies 
High Life and the new-ish trend of space movies - by #MeganBianco #HighLife 
Goals is an understatement.  is now playing. Get your tickets HERE: 
After I finish Age of Ultron today, I have 9 more MCU movies to get through before Endgame in six days. I don't kno… 
They were both good movies and made a lot fo money but pp… 
Currently watching movies with my girls and couldn’t be more content  
#WillSmith Says the Backlash to His Blue Genie in the #LiveAction #Aladdin Is 'Very Funny' 
Russos Explain Captain Marvel’s New Look in Avengers: Endgame - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
You can you try to make a crappy movie sometime, your killing my wallet, oh yeah going to the movies… 
Alien Movies 
So I just watched #Kalank and I realized why you should never trust IMDb ratings especially for Bollywood movies. I… 
Boycotted them years ago when they started attacking us and our… 
My views of our beautiful America was stunning today  #bayarea #eastbay #film #california #movies #disney #sales… 
12.  First kiss was Claire at the movies watching Romeo and Juliet 
Just watch the movies will make more sense. 
Along with my WIP, I’ve been working on a short story this past week. It’s all about a love of movies with a specia… 
Australia; bring it. Think of  the sporting games and music festivals. outdoor movies, bed movies. omg it's endless. 
At the Movies (review): ‘High Life’ for the High Brow by #MeganBianco #HighLife 
If a family can sit through movies with lots of crime and murder, what prevents them from doing so for a movie with… 
Slept over and had sex? Or just a sleep over? Just cos you going for movies, dates, and t… 
The best clapback?!?!? How about a gross overreaction.  Also, proof that she is just as self righ… 
I'm always looking for horror films that will challenge me, and the movies on this top 10 list are the hardest film… 
#GolfAMovie all foreign movies because they have sub titleists. 
#Avengers star admits early MCU films were a "major testosterone festival" - #Endgame 
Watching “Max Keeble’s Big Move” with my kids. Something about watching the movies that came out when i was a kid/p… 
No makeup and still powerful as fuck. Really wish I had a local sub today, kinda want to practice some bondage and… 
Stick with making movies. Your art sucks. 
Gone girl is still one of the best movies I ever saw. 
People in horror movies really be wasting time just suspiciously staring at things 
When my daughter was young she loved to watch the "Jesus" movies, that what she called them, eg The Ten C… 
I remember when it was “ride the movies” not “experience our intellectual property”… 
Depends on the movie.  Any offers ? Take them.  Make movies while you're still young and write on the side ! 
movies/music videos that have a color theory involved are so pleasing to me y'all have no idea 
Hey everyone!  I remembered years ago that I was scared of #beetlejuice when I was little. But nowadays,  it's one… 
Next week! Join us for Moana being shown for Movies Under the Domes. 
Wait...These Animated Characters Are Legitimately Hot 
I never really watch Christian movies though. I think they’re generally pretty bad films.  
Will we ever see this movie? 
Happy Birthday, Kenny Ortega! You might know Kenny as the director of the 2006-2008 made-in-Utah High School Musica… 
The problem with sex in the movies is, that the popcorn usually spills. #gmanvines 
I wanna go to the movies 
hallmark movies STAY keeping me a hopeless romantic 
I'm speaking about the cyclical nature of genres dominating the creative field of movies. I'm sayi… 
Although Billy Bob Thornton was good in bad news bears....MDs is an all time classic that wouldn’t lose to many movies. 
It's kind of weird how in our economy we spend so much effort on getting ourselves to care about fictional people i… 
My parents bought me movies like the swan princess and Anastasia as a child then wonder why I’m gay now  THEY DID THIS TO ME ! 
I mean....the original movies weren't that great. Some were kind of fun, but its not like they remad… 
Marvel movies got me to where I don't leave theaters until they cut the lights on.Hell, I stayed so long after on… 
My 4 year old daughter also wants to see this movie with me. Her thing is always wanting to watch “… 
Yes i do especially movies with foreign languages when I don't understand that be cool cuz sometimes I catch on to the lingo 
2019 TCM Classic Film Festival Celebrates STAR WARS And Love At The Movies - We Are Movie Geeks 
I like to use to make gifs of my favorite movies. 
How to identify a Star Wars fan: 1. They love ever single trailer for Star Wars movies. 2. They hate every actual movie. 
One of my fav movies! 
I know it’s a trilogy thingy and yes I’ve seen the first two movies but this one? Aeco. 
I wish would get on the train. 
Finished my #endgame marathon. Every TV show. Every movie. Every one shot. It took a little over a  month. Now I ha… 
i read the first couple pages, and it's actually really good! {For the Matched series} I w… 
This week is not being very kind to me. I would be completely out of social media if it was not for this new commis… 
Check out Hothouse Flowers Home CD 1990 BMI Records BMG Direct Give it Up Movies  via #JS1020 
Tony Stark Doesn't Want To Die In New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot - 
ITS HERE. Visit to submit and register. #BisongMasonShortFilmFestival #Love #Film #movies… 
HER SMELL helmer Alex Ross Perry to write and direct #film adaptation of Stephen King's REST STOP for Legendary… 
I just witnessed a female I know on snap destroy her ex closet with bleach and chocolate syrup, broke windows in hi… 
There are multitudes of 80s water shortage sci-fi movies. World Gone Wild with Adam Ant as… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Beguiled (2017) [HEVC · 1080p · R · 6.3/10] is now available in the… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Because of Winn-Dixie (2005) [MPEG4 · 720p · PG · 6.4/10] is now availab… 
MGM Developing Action-Thriller 'Yasuke' - Based on the true story of history’s only recorded African samurai in feu… 
CHILD'S PLAY Official Trailer #2 - (2019) #Movies #TV 
I just read earlier that Toho is looking to expand their western presence and may allow… 
can we bring back movies putting in a blooper reel after its over 
Oh lord no, he hates those movies  
ITS HERE. Visit to submit and register. #FilmFestival #Shortfilm #Movies #Art #Love… 
Ok, now you're being ridiculous. In a lot of productions, involving m… 
It's almost 4/20, dude! That's why today's Harris Challenge trivia categories are about marijuana history and stone… 
IGN's Top 10 Best Horror Movies #horror: Check out this list of the 10 best horror movies picked by IGN. IGN select… 
BURNING star Jeon Jong-seo in talks to join Kate Hudson &amp; Craig Robinson in Ana Lily Amirpour's retro fantasy-adven… 
it might be time to actually watch one of these need for speed movies 
There's a post-game interraction with Hiyoko, where she says she loves horror movies and movies with sad and gory t… 
They're opening with Jarmusch's The Dead Don't Die! So excited to see this. Tilda Swinton in a zombie movie? Yes, p… 
Finally watched all the Harry Potter movies... amazing!!! #judgeme #dontcare #harrypotter  
Why Horror Movies Like The Curse Of La Llorona Can Be Exhausting To Film 
I just want sequels to be announced and/or put into production for these three movies. Some of my favorite action m… 
Still love watching tv with mom and dad. And all the movies. 
Happened to me with Infinity War  was kinda behind on the movies cause I was waiting for Homecoming… 
I see two movies that you are apart of and I will definitely support...being from South Carolina, i… 
Horror Movies Based On True Stories From Ed Gein To 112 Ocean Avenue... 
I wish ya'll would air it at a time when the kids go to bed. I can't watch movies in the middle of the day. 
Told my nigga to put movies for me in my USB, can I tell you there's only girlie movies. Like girly girly. Wtf is American Virgin. 
J.J. Abrams sought advice from George Lucas when creating #StarWars: The Rise of Skywalker - 
Michael Covino screened his short THE CLIMB at Shortsfest 2018. Covino's feature version will make its World Premie… 
Like if I'm going to have a boyfriend, K want full boyfriend benefits, including updating all my devices… 
YES!!!!! Let's not forget Beast in his human form multiple times in the school.....… 
Poor Spidey. 
Love it!!! One of the best SciFi movies of all times!#timetravel #climatechange 
this is exactly my list of top 5 marvel movies 
Fox is for Movies and TV Shows, they produce actors/actresses, not reporters... Just folks ACTING li… 
Saw a couple movies recently. Finally watched Captain Marvel, then the remake of Pet Sematary, last but not least t… 
For Support Teen Literature Day, checkout these books that should be movies that teach teens history.The Birkenhe… 
Did you like the Jurassic World movies? I love them and can hardly wait for the third one. 
She legit did like two movies outside that franchise lmao Something about a wall flower The li… 
Can anybody suggest a site to download movies pls  
I can’t watch movies alone... 
Movies for Friday, April 19th through Sunday, April 21st:East Side: Pet Sematary (R) at 8:10 PM followed by Us (… 
6 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend 
Are you live tweeting during the all the movies girl? 
Deoxys because he's an alien and he's crazy in the brain and he looks very cool in the movies! 
Guess we can expect this movie to tank like Solo. The Last Jedi has probably pre-screwed a lot of f… 
Well I am impressed. It might be because I was shocked by hostel 1 and could never bring myself to wa… 
‘Roseanne,’ ‘3rd Rock From the Sun’ Land on Sinclair’s OTT Service Via Deal With FilmRise - 
Double dipped on MCU movies at work today. Doctor Strange and Guardians 2. Both were excellent. Need to watch Stran… 
I had planned to spend tonight watching movies until I fall asleep but someone just had to piss me off!!! Now I’m in bed already  
I want to make my very own Jurassic Park movies and hoping everyone will be proud of me 
Happy Birthday Mr Woods - thank you for the entertaining us in your many many movies! 
Hi I'm Drake and I clap at the end of movies I see in theaters like every good American should 
It’s raining so I’m finna watch marvel movies the rest of the day  
#AvengersEndgame Directors Reveal The Only Actor To Get Entire Scripts - 
Too often two distinct jobs get confused under one term. In movies, on the news, and in all the praise for Marie Ko… 
That's a shame. It might not have been perfect, but I think the first season portrayed mutants as a pe… 
This might already have one, but René Laloux's TIME MASTERS is one of the wackiest, most surreal, and most striking… 
"6 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT 
"6 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT The New York Times 
Seriously, or 80% of the X-Men movies... 
#Movie "NOLAbound" (2012) 
From NY Times: "6 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" 
Nah he definitely tryna be more. But he didnt want to outright say it. Aint no man tak… 
Breaking video news: 6 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" via NYT #movies #films 
I know I've seen the Dinesh movies too. 
titanic was the movie na gina ulit ulit ko watch sa star movies since elem grade days and up til now it is the still the best 
Horror movies &gt; 
Wizard of OzGone with the WindGodfatherApocalypse NowPredatorT2For as long as movies exist, t… 
How often do I like to work out, eat out, see friends, see family, make music, journal, watch movies, work on proje… 
Every MCU Movie Ranked From Worst To Best [2018 Update] #horror: With a movie list as huge and vast as the MCU univ… 
Websites to download movies? 
I love my career so much. I love seeing it in movies and series. Journalism is it. 
oh yeah. don't get it twisted, I will still go see it too, as I've seen all of them. Of course deep… 
Feels like its “popular to hate” on things these days. Most people that like to tear down others work cudn’t do bet… 
*having a conversation about marvel movies*Zaina-“The incredibles was really good” 
Marvel Said To Be Planning R-Rated Blade Movie With Wesley Snipes 
BLACK PANTHER's Letitia Wright joins cast of Kenneth Branagh's DEATH ON THE NILE #film #movies 
Virginia O’Brien and Red Skelton clown around on the MGM soundstage during the making of Robert Alton’s MERTON OF T… 
Want great content?FOX Premium Fest has got you covered all Easter with the best of the best movies, series and mo… 
If it's anything like Hellboy's track run, under. At least what all the other Conjuring movies lacked… 
Hobbs &amp; Shaw out there saving the Super Hero movies. 
The Bioshock Trilogy: Five Reasons It is Better than Many Movies and Books - Patheos 
Somehow Sex and the City, despite its popularity and longevity, didn’t spark a golden age of TV shows or movies abo… 
I’ll be honest this is the closest I have been to being able to watch coto… 
Can we also do movies?I want to eradicate the sequences where they vaguely hold the victim's wrist for… 
HS Teachers: College is no joke College: “Pay your tickets with canned food.”3/4 classes cancelled on Friday 4… 
You know how many football movies exist 
#Sleuthers! Who else is psyched for Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries "Morning Show Mysteries: Countdown to Murder" Premi… 
I binge watched all of John Cusack and Andrew McCartheys 80s movies when I had flu. I swear best medicine ever 
I never watched t.v. much and never went to the movies, so I didn't see these but later on, I learn… 
Just watched The Nun and I ain’t even scared. Idk who would be.On an unrelated note I’m having a sleep over and w… 
Horror movies...odd how they became a guideline for survival.PS. - Riannon Frater 
How can you talk about "corporate responsibility" when you ruined the hard work of thousands of peop… 
Movies (can be animated and then real life or a mix haha) 
hate scary movies but i have to go watch The Curse of La Llorona 
I made this bootleg US action figure of Pluto. #Movies #TV 
Hellboy film in Russia replaces Stalin with Hitler #Movies #TV 
MoviePass Has Lost Over 90% of Its Subscribers in Less Than a Year (From 3 Million to 225,000), Report Reveals… 
New poster for Godzilla : King of the Monsters #Movies #TV 
#WhenIKnowHesNotMyType1. When he's into Nollywood instead of Hollywood movies.(Chineke)2. When he puts his pa… 
I have a list of shows and movies that people recommend me that I’ll probably never watch. I don’t know where they… 
Thanks Marine, I have read a couple of percy Jackson books based on the fact I enjoyed the movies… 
I have SUCH an urge to collect all of the Marvel live action movies ButI don't have enough money to buy all of th… 
Haha I actually didn't watch it for the first time until recently. This is why I'm glad I wasn't a… 
2 movies that the writing and special effects in my eyes haven't been duplicated since,I hate all th… 
Why do I really only have nightmares when I don't watch scary movies? 
Day 13 of 21: Ant-Man.  One of my favorite movies from the MCU.  Great story, great action, very funny.  This one has just about everything. 
They shoulda stopped making Fast &amp; Furious movies before Paul Walker even died. And they really should’ve stopped w… 
That shiy only for the movies 
movies.. I'm coming my darling 
John Cena’s Role in James Gunn’s #TheSuicideSquad Revealed 
I’m always looking at movies under the romance section on demand  
Look, that remains one of the best movies I've ever seen 
I enjoy dystopian movies and books, but one of the things that bothers me is where do they get all the bullets and… 
So awesome!   Those types of activities solidify what my student learns. Right !! #songs… 
8th grade enjoyed the rainy morning with donuts, movies, &amp; kick ball! #runwild #episcopalcollegiate… 
Watching movies with my babies 
Fresh News The Best Financial Movies You Can Stream Right Now 
is hands down one of the greatest movies. Prayer is a pretty incredible thing 
But needs to step up their game! Bring us ALL the Olsen twins movies! Pleeeeease? 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_23 
I would just love, love, LOVE it if trailers stopped giving away the third act of the movies they’re promoting. I’m… 
It’s really hard to clean and do laundry on my days off when all I wanna do is snuggle up with Carter bug and watch movies  
Some amazing movies here Alex..I particularly love Bladerunner 2049 and the original even more. 
Oh the movies? Yes, that is also true. 
I just wanna watch scary movies all night and eat tacos  
Martin &amp; Martin tonight #omahaperfomingarts! Three Amigos is one of the best all time movies and not that this wi… 
#AvengersEndgame Directors Say The Trailers Might Be All Fake Footage - 
Thank you Alex that is a huge list of movies. Some I have seen and others I have not even heard of? 
Carol needs to get up to speed. 
Movies are subjective art, not everyone is going to like what we do. Hopefully enough of the gen… 
 “What could the Disney/Fox merger mean for Marvel will destroy Marvel… 
Oh, I hope you don’t have to cut out the wonderful Cherokee costumes! They are so much better than… 
Like this tweet if you wanna join an “APPRECIATION group convo”, where we appreciate new music, movies, whatever ya… 
Why is everyone in the nightmare on elm street movies such bad friends. Like the main protagonist will be like hey… 
Wwwhhhhhaaaaaaattttttttttttttttttttttt?????? 
Lmao... Man holds record for most deaths in Hollywood movies, together with a some other a… 
I accidentally watched chucky when I was 5 years old and I had nightmares for months so I wrote a letter to the bus… 
Netflix originals are just hallmark movies for millennials 
My power list for super heros in the MCU. Only based off the movies. 
Neodesha Library will be closed Friday, Saturday, and Sunday for the Easter Holiday.  Hurry on up for books and mov… 
My niece &amp; her little boy visited me yesterday. Went to the movies &amp; saw Shazam. Then went to see motorcycles at a… 
1989 was a big year for blockbuster movies...but not every film hit box office gold. Still, you can lead-up to our… 
The 2001 movie? or A.I. movies in general? I think Data, Star Trek, is my favorite android. Real lif… 
9. Jacob Black (Twilight Saga)Hear me out, the movies were shit, but the actor who played Jacob was MPPPPH~ Damn i… 
Watched too many movies for this shit. 
Sometimes the film adaptation of a book does a really poor job of capturing the story in the book.**This tweet ha… 
I’m a lady but not into girly things. I like horror movies, action flicks, skulls, tattoos, snakes, pl… 
‘Avengers’ Cast Delivers Kid-Friendly (Or Not) ‘Infinity War’ For Jimmy Kimmel - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
J.J. Abrams Promises Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Won't Rehash Return Of The Jedi - 
I can deal with low budget movies, but it just wasn't making the cut for me. 
I thought they gave up on reality like 3 movies ago. 
Are you paying attention to how many tv shows, commercials and movies are pushing the interracial relationship agenda????? 
 my sisters man is actually old old. He used to watch movies for R8 or R12 eWorkshop. Wtf  
hello sir, big fan if your movies. I wanna make one request, we want Businessman 2 with same cast 
Love Groot! And the Antman movies. Definitely happy about my two.  
Right!!! But oddly enough I like low budget movies I could have starred in  
Avengers: Endgame's Tessa Thompson Wants A Valkyrie/Captain Marvel Relationship - 
M-Net Movies Night Out: Aladdin 
I definitely agree with you in a lot of things. Here’s my whole stance on the issue. I love the what… 
Bless #Syfy for having MOST of the MCU movies on demand! I’m starting with Avengers 
im not a huge casual music listener when im not in the car,BUT i just got some new speakers for my tv and instead… 
#Movie "Straight on Till Morning" (1972) 
"2 movies in 1 screen" like 
Here Are the Best Movies to Watch on Easter Sunday - Southern Living 
NEVER WATCHED GAME OF THRONES , STAR WARS, HARRY POTTER,… 
Ellen Page and Laura Linney Lead Emotional First Trailer for Netflix's Tales of the City - 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!X-MEN Trilogy 2Wide release #xmen #comics #blurays #movie #film #cinema… 
The HungerInterview with the VampireMidnight SonWhat We Do In The ShadowsAnd maybe Daybreakers because I can’t… 
After the avengers can we just stop all these superhero movies please im begging you society 
Take my food and water but not the movies!!! 
Right .. Bachchan movies was clashing with each other .. Namak halaal releases a week after desh pr… 
Wait ... what? Who is that handsome devil?  
Why you should buy physical copies of the movies you love before people get offended by something and they retcon it. 
Haven't read Tacitus for a couple of decades now. There are no clean wars. War is dirty by definition. T… 
Fun!!! What movies?? 
but that's nothing compared to what kids make us to repeat. I don't know how many times I have repeated a… 
And it happens with other animals, too. Often via movies.Dalmations and chihuahuas come to mind.People. 
You dog, go see your daughter! I will never watch another of your movies! Mr. Cool, TomCruise never sees… 
I haven't seen it and I'd love to catch up with it ... I'm usually reviewing new films as early as possi… 
Thanks for continuing to improve the functionality of the service. These movies and your restorati… 
If we're talking about movies, are we ever going to see another Elvira movie (in 3D)? 
Not integral but good movies except #hulk 1. I don’t like #thor 1&amp;2, #ironman 2 . #spiderman and #AntMan… 
This movie should be on tv. Some people can’t get out to go to the movies, and now a days you can’t go anywhere at… 
Masters of the Universe reboot will be unleashed in 2020! 
I’m Emba-rasssed  I love hearing this in Nollywood movies 
lol just started listening to the US episode and already I want to yell because I hate Tarantino m… 
#AvengersEndgame Ad Just Spoiled Another Returning Villain - 
Space Raiders, Forbidden World, Ator The Fighting Eagle, Metalstorm: Destruction of Jared Syn in 3D, Meg… 
New trailer for Hobbs &amp; Shaw introduces Idris Elba’s Black Superman 
I’m so proud of this dream project I got to collaborate with I have been a long time fan of the good… 
That shit was real af , my niggas said movies and “I’m just tryna be ya friend” and she wanna screenshot the shit smh  
Do you know the joker? Or you know the batman movies joker? 
 Oh shit persona was one of the other movies I wanted to show you, thought it was super dope 
American police watch too much American Police movies 
Ooh, I have Brawn!Bumblebee is one of those weird cases. There was nothing special about the car… 
Anything that's not remade. Been there, done that. And some are classic movies that should be left alone 
popcorn you buy and pop at home is not the same taste as from the movies  
G.I. Joe 3 May Feature Time Travel And A Whole New Team 
do you guys have any apps that allow to watch any movie or popular movies for free? 
I love Texas mystery drama movies !… 
Oh my bad .. you are watching hallmark movies  
one of most visually satisfying movies I’ve ever watched ! 10/10 
type hood movies and download the top 5 
"Major Payne" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Cool! Will do!The book is WAY better than both movies (as always). I liked the first… 
Top 10 Amazing Things About The Return of the Living Dead (1985) #horror: The Return of the Living Dead (1985) is o… 
I certainly understand and respect your decision to be upset with this movie. I just wasn’t a big fa… 
I've never been there. I only know what it's like from movies. 
Passport to the Past: A Bunch of Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen Movies Are Coming to Hulu via 
"Fanboys"Lol admitting the new movies aren't for the fans… 
Horror Movies based on a true story  
I hate to say this, but we need to be prepared when #GameOfThrones ends 
I love southern movies ! 
I like things despite their genre. I don't always like sci fi,… 
When movies made movie stars 
As was I, yet now Ragnarok is one of my favorite marvel movies! 
“We can watch horror movies of people killing &amp; dying and blood &amp; gore, all that shits perfectly acceptable.But if… 
my movies: cheesy 00s teen movies, any kind of comedy, and the outliers (gone girl (yes fe users hate it im aware),… 
Timothy Olyphant's sure glad he wasn't the 'a-hole' who turned down the #Deadwood movie 
yeah no he wanted that smoke  rookie movies 
DreamWorks produced a digital pipeline responsible for tracking &amp; managing the process of creating animated movies:… 
It’s sad that he still gets underrated because he generally makes movies for the masses, but... recognize craft whe… 
And there’s SO many good movies out rn! 
My next movie is winter soldier. I’m only doing my favorite movies so I can enjoy my time with them before who knows what 
Oh, man, I didn’t even think about The Muppet movies. 
Great question! This will definitely be one of the most anticipated movies of the year, so I'd sugge… 
Who's ready for #horror #movies 
Advertising this movie comes out 8 months in advance?! Star Wars, Lord of th… 
ok i just checked and the prince of egypt is STILL one of my favourite movies 
never seen any fast and the furious movies i thought it was just someone driving for 90 minutes 
dizendo ela, parece uma boneca no palco --&gt; BTW, I'm watching Homecoming: A Film by Beyoncé (2019) #trakt 
When you do this, u inspire me to rock up at your house early  with my long indian movies and dramatic… 
How far apart are the books from the movies made? I liked the movies 
Boys will use slurs when guys wear makeup then go and watch movies where all the mean, get this, wear makeup 
The Voice Just Changed the Game with a Surprise Twist - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Sports Movies stink. All of them 
Old coworker “This is Dan, he also likes superhero movies!”Me “Nice! What is your favorite?”New coworker “Man o… 
Hey I've been a customer since 2006 and I have books that would be awesome movies or tv shows, soooo.  
I figured it was something like that. I’m just the type that notices silly stuff like that.  I’m also t… 
I know! Tony is also my favorite Avenger and whether they can get RDJ back in future movies for cam… 
UPROXX: Timothy Olyphant On Not Being An 'A-Hole' Over The 'Deadwood' 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!Humanoids from the deepWide #humanoidsfromthedeep #comics #blurays… 
i am so TIRED of zombie tv shows and movies. it’s old. 
Dammit, my DVD movies post was rejected in Marketplace. So I removed it, here it ended up removing it from all the… 
Whispers there are three The Bad News Bears movies... 
Love the old Pre-StarTrek/pre-StarWars movies.  They had a feel and style that was lost after the 1960s. 
I am a massive fan of the original Childs Play movies and couldn’t be more excited for the remake. I think the orig… 
Y’all give me some suggestions on movies or shows to watch on Netflix pls!!!! 
our choice in good movies  has been damaged, what shall we do with her? 
Nothing wrong with that at all! Watching movies alone is a great way to clear your min… 
why would they say it now?Producers would want to get their money back &amp; ac… 
#Movie "How We Covered It" (2011) 
Tessa Thompson Reveals Valkyrie's Whereabouts Between Thor: Ragnarok And Avengers: Endgame -… 
I'm just gona be bored like I was in Civil War...I'm actually really dreading h… 
I'm rewatching all the marvel movies right now. Watched Captain America: The first avenger, Iron man, Incredible hu… 
I put myself through so much trauma watching these horror, and / or zombie apocalyptic  movies and series. 
Disxis and movies, my life in 1 tweet 
I’m watching #TheSilence. I guess it’s similar to The Quiet Place. IDK. but what’s up with this trend of movies whe… 
I actually cry at the drop of a hat. Dog movies? I can’t even watch them. My Dog Skip ruined that for me a long tim… 
Remember when the Fast &amp; Furious movies were about street racers committing crimes on the side?  Good 
Their eating scenes always made me hungry. Loved those movies 
Knights of the Old Republic Project Confirmed to be in the Works - /FILM 
This is the best year for awesome scary movies 
Tessa Thompson Reveals Valkyrie's Whereabouts Between Thor: Ragnarok And Avengers: Endgame - 
Should Ravenclaws just adopt the raven mascot used by the movies? 
can't wait to talk movies &amp; a play or 2 with u 2day at 4:30! Just how scary is Pet Semetary &amp; what's up with Hellboy! #movies 
Disney pumps the breaks on Mouse Guard movie two weeks before production #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
Think I have a crush on Jessica Michelle Chastain. I'm gonna download her movies and make it a good weekend! 
*revises list of current assignments*Cool, only [counts on fingers, runs out of fingers, recruits toes] 18 movies… 
Her evil is relentless. The Curse Of #LaLlorona opens TONIGHT, do you have your tickets yet?!… 
Is this the sexy performer and director, ? If so, she does. As do others in her movies. So much gr8 anal! 
Sleep, movies, wine, food. Repeat. 
Watching feelgood Dreamworks movies and taking random personality quizzes!!!!! Today is a good day!!!!!! 
Choose 4 Disney Movies And We'll Give You A New 
You might be right, but why would they? What is there to ponder… 
Guess Me &amp; Ryan will be watching movies all day  
Look up THX 1138 and compare the Theatrical cut to the Director's Cut. George Lucas destroys all his movies. 
The reason why I was asking him to text me was so I could invite you both over for movies 
But I’m super excited because we’re gonna order pizza and play board games and watch movies on a laptop because we… 
The City of Brighton will host another exciting year of its “Flix and Kicks” concerts and movies in the park series… 
You presume that I have a DVD player. Which actually I do. Even though I stream most everything no… 
Females don’t like the aquarium, the zoo , going out to eat , and the movies nomo? 
TIME Magazine Names Brie Larson as One of Its 100 Most Influential People  #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
After you make them watch all those shitty movies. 
The Curse of La Llorona Trailer (2019) | Movie Trailers and Videos 
I used to simply say, "Sorry, I have to work." Full stop.There's an entire library of movies I saw on DVD because… 
I've never been against "reboots" of a series. Lots of movies that I love I would love to see redone w… 
No, no they weren't. Friesians aren't an old breed. And they were originally bred as a ca… 
Totally agree, She has became so arrogant &amp; full of herself, she thinks only… 
I need some suggestions for movies/shows to watch on Netflix when I’m at work 
I still cry watching emotional movies 
I guess but like they already have poster art for these movies. It'… 
those movies made me laugh so hard I cried as an adult 
all you play is the Fugitive and Cast Away. Play some new damn movies man. You’re killin me! 
How? After 20 movies, what is the MCU about? Can you sum up the… 
Check Out These Hilarious Zombie Flicks If You 
He does this occasionally. We head into the living area and he sleeps in a tent. I sleep on the cou… 
‘The New Mutants’ Release Gets Bumped (Again) #Movies #TV 
Hey guys! I'm launching a new podcast soon called Sciencish! It's about sci-fi novels and movies and how much of th… 
As a studio how can you put down that kind of cash for a movie that first 2 movies barely made a profi… 
It's because Higher G… 
BRUCE MILLER'S MOVIES IN A MINUTE: 'Breakthrough' &amp; 'The Curse of La Llorona' 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost 
Gugu Mbatha-Raw: 'San Junipero' and 'Fast Color' actress talks to us about women characters via 
I knew I liked you. Whiplash is one of the greatest movies ever made. 
"Almodóvar and Malick Will Compete at Cannes. Tarantino? He’s a Maybe." by FARAH NAYERI via NYT The New York Times 
"Almodóvar and Malick Will Compete at Cannes. Tarantino? He’s a Maybe." by FARAH NAYERI via NYT… 
Snowpiercer is an incredible film.  One of my all time favorite movies! 
These days watching trailers in the theater (prior to the feature presentation) seems irrelevant given the prevalen… 
From NY Times: "Almodóvar and Malick Will Compete at Cannes. Tarantino? He’s a Maybe." 
Today’s Clue: pastry dough used for beignets, cream puffs, and éclairs. Tonight’s themes:  Bad Movies and Cat &amp; Dog… 
should totally start a classic cinema #nostalgiacritic series.Old movies are a lot of fun! 
I want to make a comprehensive list of.... Space soldier/Marine/resistance fighter style movies... Not sure why 
‘Someone Great’ Review: After a Breakup, One Last Night on the Town 
I don’t stream series/movies nearly enough to be subscribed Netflix, Hulu, HBO and Prime. #irresponsible #mm330 
I want to go to the movies 
 hey Chrissy... love you as Kate, loved you as Joyce!!!   Saw "Breakthrough" last night as date night… 
What's something fun and FREE!?FREE movies at the PDC! (Bldg. 455)Check out what's playing at your friendly neigh… 
Great article as we get closer to #AvengersEndgame opening. 
Anyway. Back to delaying house projects while binging Marvel movies and playing video games. All the #MuellerReport… 
Yeah, you can’t take movies like that too serious 
Going to the movies is alright but eh not really a fan 
Hey, new DVD review video!I talk about Randolph Scott movies on DVD, particularly the ones made with director Bud… 
Yeah ima just wait on netflix hehehe. I like horror movies but am still picky what to watch in the theate… 
Masters of the Universe reboot will be unleashed in 2020! via 
And both Adams Family movies slay all of those together. 
Episode 4 cocktail is a Hot Toddy. When you have a cold it helps make everything better......kind of. #podcast… 
Why do people do this? Ive only see people do this in South African series/soapies and movies 
“In English 213E, Intro to Film History, #Huskers skip the novels altogether and analyze dozens of classic movies,… 
Black Panther is top 2 in having the most disappointing ending when it comes to Superhero movies, right up there with The Dark Knight Rises 
Yup. In the Movies. Exactly where an idea like hers belongs 
It's a shame! I think people act that way because they only saw it once when they were… 
"‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost" by MANOHLA DARGI… 
Thor 3 literally came out like year ago and antman 2 came… 
But when you make arguments that "none of them have ever been good" or "Hollywood is out of ideas" or "where are th… 
I can understand that not everybody is excited for the new #Godzilla movie. It's not everyone's cup of tea. If yo… 
I'm watching Homecoming: A Film by Beyoncé (2019) #trakt 
From NY Times: "‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Ghost" 
Breaking video news: ‘The Curse of La Llorona’ Review: California Freakin’, With Scares, Laughs and a Murderous Gho… 
Streaming Movie Review: ‘Someone Great’ Review: After a Breakup, One Last Night on the Town 
F2 Fails to Break Vijay Deverakonda's Record 
Sadly, the correct answer was Bull Durham.Oddly though, I realized while watching that these char… 
Liberals getting triggered by songs from Disney movies.... 
Thanos Taunts The Avengers In New #Endgame TV Spot -  #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
I bought all my fave things so I can lock myself up with movies kahle this weekend. Hello pineapple old friend  
When you're opening up a package at the movies  
Publishers should allow to include ebook code on physical book receipt to be redeemed on the ebook platform… 
i just saw the edge of seventeen and it's one of the best movies i've ever seen,no jokethe main character is the m… 
Speaking of video game movie adaptations. #bioshock &amp; #bioshockinfinte would make great movies. It seems it won't e… 
Nah if I actually see an Endgame spoilers I’ll lose my mind. That’s over ten years of movies. 
Mark Hamill voices the world's most famous murder-doll in the #ChildsPlay trailer via 
Create a DCEU Movies Tier List via 
Another fun day with grandkids....movies 
hello, this is my quarterly tweet about how it's so gross that so many millennials are obsessed with disney and fin… 
"Funny Games" is now #292 out of 2075 movies on my Flickchart! via 
Thanos Taunts The Avengers In New #Endgame TV Spot - 
This so needs to be at least 26.2 movies, right? 
‘The Curse of La Llorona’ is a schlocky addition to Conjuring Universe 
#TCM Classic Filmfest wrapup: Hooray for Hollywood!#culture #movies #film #history #event 
This Saturday! If you like movies and you like Clay Rose, you're in luck... 
Robert Downey Jr. Says Avengers: Endgame’s Final Minutes Are Its Best  #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
How does FASB handle assets like failed movies?  Held at cost as content library?  Or written down? 
Chris Hemsworth Says #AvengersEndgame Is "Where We Finish Up" - 
Some people will say: "They aren't trying to be deep. They're j… 
#Movie "To Have and Withhold" (2014) 
Galadriel said this in the movies. It's been so long since I've read LOTR. Was it actually treebeard? 
And that's why we can't afford to make more Iron Man movies. 
I thought Civil War was one of the more pointless and boring MC… 
Movies have no business being over an hour and a half unless it’s a marvel movie 
Perfect. Add that we blaze weed together, watch each other's favorite series/movies,Sports, FIFA, shop… 
Tbh you *might not* even need cable. But rn they have all the Cheetah Girls movies, Halloweentown, H… 
Off-topic: This is might just be the craziest Fast &amp; Furious movie yet. 
Considering this is the only movie theater within 30 miles of me...My only major complaint is that they NEVER seem… 
Life Of Silence 
I HAVE YET TO SEE THOSE MOVIES THE UNIVERSE NEEDS TO LINE UP. Sadly they didn't put the Missing Link one… 
If you have cable download DisneyNOW and plug in your service provider! They rotate out movies frequ… 
Made the mistake of watching Teen Titans GO! To the Movies out of morbid curiosity and boredom on my flight back fr… 
Yesh so begining of April I got to be a background actress in this IEC commercial... It was very fun on set and yea… 
It was but I'll respond to it anyway. Would you like to elaborate why a subscription service th… 
Certain movies really deserve a sequel 
LUL. Yeah okay... I see that the MPAA and RIAA flooding the internet with bogus movies and songs stopped… 
From NY Times: "‘Someone Great’ Review: After a Breakup, One Last Night on the Town" 
I want the end credit scene in Avengers: Endgame to be this. But I don’t want them to address it ever again In any… 
"‘Someone Great’ Review: After a Breakup, One Last Night on the Town" by KAREN HAN via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Someone Great’ Review: After a Breakup, One Last Night on the Town" by KAREN HAN via NYT 
I'm a huge Marvel fan but have to admit this trilogy is still legendary and better than most marvel mo… 
*Me, playing pretend with 5 year old niece*Her: Let's go to the moviesMe: Okay cool, you drive. What do you want to watch?Her: Kevin. 
Definitely not a system for me. I like having a disk drive so I can play my movies &amp; games. I like physical games m… 
#TheNewMutants Release Has Been Pushed Back Indefinitely - 
Breaking video news: ‘Someone Great’ Review: After a Breakup, One Last Night on the Town" via NYT #movies #films 
Zac Efron Reportedly Being Eyed For Major Role In Guardians Vol. 3 
Also, in regards to Twilight- it’s such a guilty pleasure. I just recently reread all the books and… 
Donald Glover and Adidas Launch Partnership With New Shoes and Short Films (Watch) 
I agree! I think a movie about #CaliforniaChrome would be awesome! I haven't seen the Ruffian or P… 
Movies that will still take me to the theatre this year:#AvengersEndgame#JohnWick3 - Parabellum#LionKing (someo… 
Sorry, your submission is incorrect. The answer we were looking for is they should never stop making F&amp;F movies. Th… 
It's almost 4/20, dude! That's why today's Harris Challenge #trivia categories are about marijuana history and ston… 
My dad called these skop, skiet en Donner Movies (translation Kick, shoot and punch movies) 
I have yet to see the #Ruffian movie, and I didn't know there were movies about #Minethatbird and… 
“Snatch” is a romantic comedy, according to Netflix. If I liked it, I might also like “16 Candles” and a bunch of jennifer Anniston movies. 
Movies you say? 
I’m in love with  wtf !!! her face and them glasses. Not to mention movies  
There have been movies made about #Seabiscuit, #Secretariat, #Ruffian, #Minethatbird, and #Pharlap. Which race ho… 
Some concepts and movies really only worked best in the 80’s. Like, being unable to field-goal-kick or baseball-bat… 
Unlimited voice calls ,100sms per day and 4g internet with free music , movies,tv and a lot of free apps included 
Erik I need you to stop trying to make sense of t… 
My Top 100 Favorite Movies of All Time#IMDb  
and this tv we also watch movies on 
I could watch 90s movies all day long. 
Ok wow if I want all the hesei movies imma have to spend ANOTHER 40 bucks 33 just to get biollante and 6 for the return of godzilla 
New #SpiderManFarFromHome Photos Feature Peter, MJ, Nick Fury And Maria Hill - 
using their talents to create maps, PowerPoints, or movies about the American Revolution while Ms.… 
A list of those types of movies - seems as one thing at the time but obviously was not - would be an in… 
I really dislike the direction the animation has gone with these movies. Toy Story 2 was right on the money for wel… 
They had a whole series of movies about making a wrong turn in shine country. None of them ended well. 
One of my favorite movies 
I don't get the people who insist on going to the movies 20 mins early just to catch the previews. What's wrong wit… 
So I watched a movie called Don't Knock Twice. When I saw it, I wasn't sure what was going to take place or how it… 
fav part of rewatching marvel movies is noticing the little nerd shit connections like how dr. strange was offered… 
Now available Glass, by M. Night Shyamalan. Starring James McAvoy, Bruce Willis, Anya Taylor-Joy, Sarah Paulson and… 
If there’s a problem with Avengers Endgame being three hours long then WHY DON’T I hear this from TLOTR fans... Tho… 
I hope it comes out in Australia at the same time. Am I gonna be ok… 
Ready to meet the new Chucky? 
Everything I Know About Love, I Learned From American Movies 
Oh. Well, I did see it at the theater (I rarely go to the theater). I thought it was a nice chan… 
I stopped watching Nollywood movies the day I came to the city (Lagos) and didn't blow under 3hours (3months).. 
I had a doctor once who was younger and I had hope...He turned out to be a militant Christian...B… 
DC huh? Thinking about the comics, the movies, the TV shows or Washington? 
If reality tv or horror movies have taught us anything, it’s smart people don’t make for good tv. 
We watch superhero movies but do we pay any attention to them? Tony Stark is the mere mortal that made a God bleed… 
They always seemed like boring, two-dimensional straight guy movies but this one actually looks funny?? 
Super amazing, I love see her on movies of this type  
If the drive motor gets a bit louder over time, I’m good with it. Reminds me of 80’s sci-fi movies depicting the future. 
People in Chicago call Chicago "Gotham" because one of the Batman movies was shot there... 
Are laser guns and light sabers okay though? I mean, you’ve profited heavily off of th… 
Movies, I love you, but why must you be so hard to make? 
Movie star Ben Dickey back onstage at White Water - Arkansas Democrat-Gazette 
They make amazing movies, I can't wait to see this one :3 
I got this message on my TV today.. 3 free movies.. What's the catch??? 
Rejection yakhona Men should invest in books, audios and movies that teach them how to approach women. T… 
I love you Olivia your one of my favorite actors. I have been a fan of your for a long time. Since you… 
Juliana and Valentina  From 
Can we also discuss other clothing you have designed for yourself and/or for all movies and shows you have worked on? 
Don’t you hate when movies/shows kill off the most likable character? Especially woken they’re the only likable character... 
10 Best LGBTQ Movies On Netflix Right Now - NetflixLast Updated: April 17thThere’s something for everyone on Ne… 
Looking to practice your French through films? FluentU's list of 10 impressive French movies gets you started:… 
Cuddle and watch movies weather 
What are you watching this weekend? #Easter #Family #FamilyMovies #Parents… 
#pcaaca19 Jumping in this afternoon. Film studies session on the movies Within Our Gates and Get Out  
Announcement #1I've decided to rework and bring the old babblicious web show to to focus o… 
Will The Rise of Skywalker Characters Ever Return in Future Star Wars Movies? 
The Best Horror Movies of 2018 via 
A part of me wants to say I would spend it slow and steady on a good life but I know I would put it… 
Mark N Tompkins Dwayne Johnson, Jason Statham Punch Up, Down, Sideways in New ‘Hobbs &amp; Shaw’ Trailer… 
Is Netflix worth it anymore? All their original content stinks and they rarely ever put good movies on there, and i… 
Movies Saturday with my sister 
Sex is overrated asf. I mean yes it feels good but i’d rather just hang out, bake some cookies and watch some movie… 
Absolutely can’t wait to see this movie. Movies like this give you goosebumps and not a dry eye to leave the theate… 
Ever wonder how they get those crazy eye looks in the movies? The answer is: CGI. Visual effects technicians can ma… 
Yes nowThere are really nice horror movies 
I LOVE MOVIES Some of my fave YT channels to watch for movie stuffs are: 
Zombie to compete for Cannes honours 
Vc maratona a franquia Saints Row the movies? 
I thought I was done with dark and gritty superhero movies. I thought I was ready for a decade of light-hearted cam… 
I get she's an airhead however I don't think she deserves so much hate… 
No shockMost of the HBO Original movies attack anyone right of Obama 
....is weird, actually, considering it’s mostly about stuff I absolutely LOVE, like Science Fiction &amp; Fantasy movie… 
#ColliderMailbag Dr. Mr. Rocha and Super Awesome Guest! I just re-watched The Back to the Future Movi… 
Check out DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies 
Top 10 INSANELY Violent Horror Movies #horror: Curious what horror films are INSANELY violent? This list of insanel… 
Some movies u don’t need drugs for, #TheUsualSuspects feels like a new movie every time u watch it. 
#Movie "Brotherhood of the Popcorn" (2014) 
Interestingly, the first movie theater preceded the first movie. In fact, this "dedicated" theater was often referr… 
Given how awful the news has become, is there really any need for horror movies anymore? 
And you think table phones are extinct. Probably in Nigeria. But there is a table phone… 
Easily in my top two movies ever, I've seen it countless times (Airplane! being the other one). 
Welp guess game of thrones marathon is off cause this baby came in. Also why are there two mothra movies instead of… 
'Hail Satan?': How a documentary is turning people into Satanists | #SmartNews 
In case you're not caught up. Watch this (and then watch the movies) 
FYI talking about Opera reference, not beautiful in one of the best movies of all… 
We have the movies he i… 
Here's your Thursday Report! We had 2 movies open Wednesday (Penguins and Breakthrough) and The Curse of La Llorona… 
MOVIES: Toy Story 4 - News Roundup Updated 18th April 
Look! J.J. Abrams Teases More From 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' #News #Movies… 
Would you be down for that? 
I’m in such a terrible mood with these light and internet issues. I should see some movies 
Have you heard? announced its new streaming service, Disney+. Check out all the films and series that will… 
So I can't stream anything from my desktop computer. It keeps saying "this page is not working, redir… 
welli just bought a lot of classic disney movies basically finished off all the ones i didnt havebaby necessities, yknow 
You know honestly, I get angry at the world around me. We are lied to from day one. All the stories we are told and… 
Michael B. Jordan as the next Superman? #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
Horror Fans Are Divided On The New #ChildsPlay Trailer - 
Lol I get back from Colorado next Saturday and pretty much go straight to the movies to see Avengers  
#AvengersEndgame Writers Defend The Movie's Runtime - 
Easy modes isn't "like subtitles in movies". Games offer subtitles. If Sekiro ain't for you, say that and find some… 
Give me 9 of these movies instead of Fast and Furious. 
Holy shit that's Movies Like Juno 
I've been all digital this gen as it's easier for me to switch games &amp; not look for discs all the ti… 
"Review: ‘The Man Who Killed Don Quixote’ Brings Him Back to Life" by A.O. SCOTT via NYT The New York Times 
"Review: ‘The Man Who Killed Don Quixote’ Brings Him Back to Life" by A.O. SCOTT via NYT 
From NY Times: "Review: ‘The Man Who Killed Don Quixote’ Brings Him Back to Life" 
You could go see 90 movies for $1000... at least that's what I would do. Two more chances for you to win FREE MONEY… 
Huge fan of the Unbreakable trilogy. A great insight into the human pyche. I can understand why pe… 
Breaking video news: Review: ‘The Man Who Killed Don Quixote’ Brings Him Back to Life" via NYT #movies #films 
#MissingLink is now playing reserve your seats through the #Free #EXTRAS Program: 
As part of the Batman 80th anniversary, four movies are being shown in theaters:May 4 - Batman (1989)May 6 - Ba… 
I still haven't, but that's because I think I'm kind of done with the MCU after End Game. I'm just bu… 
Is it just me ...or does look like a robot...like what they do for the anaconda and Jurassic p… 
 The Power Glove, it’s so bad This is was one of my favorite movies growing up! Did you guys watch The Wizard?!… 
This league is going to be more interesting than Quentin Tarantino movies! 
Only in STL can u go to a gas station and walk out with a chicken Philly with cheese fries, weed, 2 movies, some ni… 
These Christian movies getting better and better we gotta keep it up 
They should have stopped making fast and furious movies after the first one, not make spin offs 
Bradley Welsh, Actor in ‘Trainspotting 2’, Shot Dead in Edinburgh #Movies #TV 
I think Mark Hamill will kill it. Literally. As for the reboot, I still have mixed feelings. I wish they would stop… 
A SDK would be nice.  I could then watch movies on the Apollo DSKY that I have sitting on my desk. 
Can relate to all these especially the empty stall one. Some guy did that at the movies a few weeks ago. I couldn't… 
Mike Leigh's powers of observation and storytelling fail him in 'Peterloo' 
What if we watched movies on the basis of quality instead of branding 
I just want to watch Christmas movies  
I'm watching The Mule (2018) #trakt 
One of my al… 
lets get drunk &amp; watch space movies 
I went into them purely without any bias. I love Star Wars. I love super hero movies. Even without the p… 
Hey theres something i been dieing… 
Dope 
I don’t think it will be a surprise if it’s a hit and the Fast and the Furious movies get good reviews. 
JEANNETTE CATSOULIS picked Fast Color as a Critics' Pick! 
MMmm, that's a no... maybe Avengers..."The 12 movies you must absolutely, positively see this summer (yes, includin… 
One of my favorite go to movies! Enjoy! 
That being said, I am not the most outspoken critic of comics, movies, and shows, but I can say that com… 
God Bless You Sir! Happy Birthday! I Have Always Enjoyed Your Tweets, Almost As Much As I Enjoy You… 
I can’t watch scary movies late at night because I will for sure have nightmares like I’m a kid. 
The LOTR movies are superior to the books  
I would love a few Sarah Dessen books to turn into movies!! Honestly any of them! Also would… 
My answers dsnt Change... M still spending a lot of cash on Data. I wanna stream and Download Movies and Series 
Then you got movies such as Captain Marvel and the recent two Star Wars pushing forward feminist message… 
#Perth actress Katherine Langford’s Avengers role to be revealed The secret role Perth actress Katherine Langford s… 
Admiral Ackbar actor isn't happy with how he was killed off in 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' - Yahoo Movies UK 
O Brother for sure.  One of my favorite movies of all time. 
3 Ways Brands Can Solidify a Brand Message for Free: Brand sponsorships are a multi-billion-dollar industry. It see… 
From my cursory reading and liberal POV, it looks like something ripe for the Jordan Peele treatment. Bu… 
"‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World?" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT Critics' Pick… 
Michael B. Jordan as the next Superman? 
because I was so profoundly bored by it, but it sounds like the… 
Are we watching or listening? This song by will leave you wondering!  #Movies 
#SwampThing trailer dropped today and yaasssss I love his comic series and I want… 
Now you can watch The Country Network Plus and Hallmark Movies Now with On Demand subscriptions! 
I like the Guardians movies quite a bit, though Infinity War ki… 
"‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World?" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT Critics' Pick 
Merill, if you just watched more Steven Seagal movies in the 80s, this would all make perfect sense. 
Star Wars Episode IX: Lando and the New Resistance Heroes 
Overall I enjoyed the experience of being phone free. I’m not sure yet how I’d feel about it at music related event… 
Yall gotta chill and stop messaging me let me watch my movies 
(Except Marvel movies. They're all exactly the same) 
Aladdin for movies... Favorite work period of his is Mork and Mindy... 
Not sure how that’s different than going to a store and purchasing at midnight or p… 
15TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY YOU ARE 17 U CAN WATCH RATED R MOVIES NOW AND U R ALMOST ADULT AND U CAN DRIVE AND OMG WHEN DID T… 
The Nick Cage one is the one I included in my presentation--- the professor and I both agreed he sho… 
Second Child's Play Trailer Teases Chucky's Reign Of Terror 
My wife’s family was/is like this. They have all been driving—separately— to a theater in… 
For any of y’all tweeting about movies that aren’t even out yet and spoiling them, a big fuck you! 
T2 Trainspotting Actor Bradley Welsh Shot and Killed Near His Home in Scotland 
#AvengersEndgame Directors Apologize To Tom Holland For Dusting Spidey - 
A few ppl overacted  you know how many movies that happens and boys get a pass? They over act on t… 
14TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
I'm not sure if you've seen the "I am Autism" short film where they got one of the guys who directe… 
Make no mistake, #swtor fans. The game isn't part of the current #StarWars canon. The books, the characters, the mo… 
One of the great decades of horror #HorrorMovies #Geek #movies 
- I see you making movies, super proud of you 
One day I bet movies gon get surprise dropped and make people FLOOD to the movies all at once. 
He needs to stick to making movies. 
The heck with the #MuellerReport  - I just found ALL the original Death Wish movies on - time to binge on something worthwhile! 
I was just saying I think I’ve decided I’d be cool with the phone lock thing at all… 
Access and Success offers many fun, family-friendly events like free movies on campus!  
Not too surprising. 
So I started Game of Thrones. All that’s left for me to catch up on are the Avengers movies and I will be complete 
Anything does is hilarious!! I’m watching, “A Million Ways to Die in the West” &amp; it’s freakin hilar… 
I try to make the most out of my amazon prime membership, but I can’t ever seem to find anything to watch on it … 
I’m still on the fence with how I would feel about it with music related events. But with comedy and movi… 
‘Naples in Veils’: A Morgue Doctor Is Obsessed. The Movie Is Lifeless. 
Happy Birthday to the man who has taught and inspired me the most in my film making career Mr. . Its b… 
This is the #Library where I live, has all the books anyone could #books #music and #movies anyone could ever ask f… 
bout to chill &amp; watch movies till school. 
MCU movies rarely have that. They set up a bad guy trying to destroy the worl… 
Crazy Rich Asians is one of very few movies I enjoyed more than the book. It’s soo good. 
The way the bet was changed  idk how they’re gonna fix that in the movies to come. Like that was a tremendous fuck up. 
Me rewatching all the marvel movies before Endgame comes  out in 9 days 
Or, you know, people have different opinions. Can you tell me what the point… 
HAPPY DEATH DAY (2017) Ending Explained Video #horror: Happy Death Day (2017) is one of the good recent horror movi… 
The best part about this is that now that these movies are fine making… 
Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Siege of Mandalore Explained 
This will be the future. Maybe not even next gen but eventually.Like CDs for mus… 
When are you giving us the Marvel Movies pop up movie channel again? 
Ok why am I receiving adds for gruesome, secular, horror movies???? I really don’t appreciate it. 
Tonight's the night for AARP's free screening of If Beale Street Could Talk at Regal Warren West Theatre in Wichita… 
Just because someone knocks, doesn't mean you have to let them inside. Be fewer horror movies if they would listen to the advice. 
SO MUCH AGREE. Similarly movies where people are supposed to be speaking their native language, but are instead spe… 
Episode 11 is LIVE! The Mount Rushmore of Comedies and our Top 5 Favorite Movies of the 2000s. What are your though… 
Your taste in movies is like deliciously aged wine. 
Nice to see these finally getting a wester release. I've seen Reigo but never it's sequel. Also it was in Japanese… 
T-Series has been a household name in their target au… 
Wait Orion still makes movies?!I was leary at first because I loved the last two so much but I agree… 
IM FUCKING HYPED THESE WERE MY ALL TIME FAV CHUCKY MOVIES 
my son and I love “Speechless”-one of the many shows/movies we bond over watching together-and the s… 
Writing for has been feeding my DVD habit. Just ordered four movies this morning (plus another fou… 
Again tell that to past mcu movies only ones make bi… 
The 1976 Rocky Movie in Light of Sexual Abuse Allegations Against Sylvester 
This is why movies exist. 
I just read an editorial the other day that says not every movie has to be huge, an event, or a fr… 
#AvengersEndgame Star Chris Hemsworth Says He'll Play Thor For As Long As They Let Him - 
Avengers movies are the only time I pre order movie tickets out of legit concern for the show being sold out 
Haha! Nah, just more of a movie snob than you  but to be fair, I’m just a big fan of Zach Snyder film… 
"‘Naples in Veils’: A Morgue Doctor Is Obsessed. The Movie Is Lifeless." by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT The New York Tim… 
In which Stallone's ex fiance, Janice Dickinson, claims Stallone offered to pay her to get an abortion when he felt… 
"‘Naples in Veils’: A Morgue Doctor Is Obsessed. The Movie Is Lifeless." by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT… 
From NY Times: "‘Naples in Veils’: A Morgue Doctor Is Obsessed. The Movie Is Lifeless." 
Cuba: It's risky to try to create a Las Vegas type city in a foreign country. (Scenes from The Godfather movies no… 
Breaking video news: ‘Naples in Veils’: A Morgue Doctor Is Obsessed. The Movie Is Lifeless." via NYT #movies #films 
I’ve made some brilliant movies, soundtracks were incredible. Shame they didn’t actually exist! 
Why is DC startin to get good movies now? 
I just realized that, whenever my mother passes away, I won’t have anyone to discuss tv shows/movies/music with - a… 
13 Books to read before they become a series or movie in 
I’m gonna start a thread on reviewing old and new movies 
Um no luke was supposed to train a new jedi order.Now rey will in the next movies they literally… 
I've definitely taken more enjoyment out of movies that are deemed "bad" than "good" tbh, i even have… 
LOT OF HORROR MOVIES, DVD: BODY SNATCHERS, CRAZIES, HALLOWEEN, FRIDAY 13TH.... 
So if someone cut all the Marvel movies to contain the important info needed to know, that… 
The BenQ CinePrime HT5550 is a new DLP projector capable of precisely reproducing 4K UHD HDR movies. Learn more abo… 
We'd be alright with that. 
An amazing movie! I'm looking forward to when I can share this and many other Miyazaki movies with my little guy. 
I have things I like, and I'm learning to allow myself to enjoy them. Animated movies. Pets. Gardening. Art. Food.… 
Still remember username Headboy on DC++... man had 5TB shared. 1 TB Movies. 1TB Music. 1 TB Series. 1 TB Academic M… 
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)? — 3pm-4am MOVIES + KDRAMAS 
5 emotionally draining movies in one day, thanks alot Im not okay 
If I had to keep it to 5 and had to explain to someone what they missed in the other movie… 
My favorites are her Disney movies. I think a lot of people today don’t realize she is from an acting fam… 
Why do these movies keep hiring Femanist writters? Do they just hate money or are they dumbasses? 
Any of Madonna's horrible movies..lol 
#Possessed ep13 who cries like that? Well, it was almost flawless. Not that bad considering. Still... that… 
Best site to watch movies? 
Is it any good? I bought a 200GB card last September for roughly the same price as that 1TB card.… 
Top 10 WEIRD Movies on Netflix Right Now #horror: Netflix is my goto place for streaming movies so here is a film l… 
Wow it's been so long since I flew I had no idea they had in-flight movies you could select now, neat.  M… 
Hot take can we stop making movies about dead white British men and make some movies about literally any other kind of historical figure 
"Like Argentine  movies? The 33rd annual Washington, DC International Film Festival will present four Argentine f… 
Cannes to Offer Childcare Pavilions and Breastfeeding Stations for Working Parents - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Vivien Leigh was a film and stage actress. Some of her movies were A Yank at Oxford, Waterloo Bridge, and A Streetc… 
... so really bout to be chucky... now I feel like I have to watch childs play just for support a gr… 
Shazam... but for movies. 
Fox Movies boi  
Watch this new video 
You do realize the Vader wasn't Luke's father when Lucas wrote ANH, tha… 
Top 5 Movies I’m looking forward to this year:1. John Wick 32. Godzilla: King of the Monsters3. Avengers Endgame… 
On the latest Episode of Hot Sauce the Podcast Episode 379, the nominees for for 'One Gotta Go': Out of these movie… 
Man I can’t lie they can keep making these over the top insane movies for the rest of my life. #HobbsAndShaw… 
My fidget cube has been a lifesaver over the last few weeks. I used it on the plane, at the movies, and during work… 
I am going to watch all of the Police Academy movies, THEN I will catch up on the road to endgame. 
Haven't watched this particular trailer but Fast 5 onwards have basically been superhero movies fo… 
I like to watch movies and listen to music and I also play video games and I take medicine to manage my illness 
Captain Marvel Gets Debriefed In Audi's New #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
Robert Pattinson's outer-space drama 'High Life' is fascinating yet frustrating 
It’s helpful to remember your desired estate plan is not automatic. The idea of a judge pounding a gavel and seamle… 
Ep125 is full of the Force! from the joins me to talk about Star Wars Celebration! We ta… 
Falling in love is mental illness... Movies, Books and music has made it  normal for us to believe that it's ohky t… 
I am so used to seeing you on the formulaic (not a pejorative) movies, that I for… 
Turnover 
Sounds like we're getting a Doctor Fate movie! 
Five revelations we learned about the future of 'Star Wars' at Celebration 
You're welcomeChronological &amp; Release Order Lists to #MCU Films#AvengersEndgame 
Pic Talk: Nag sweating it out for 'Manmadhudu 2' 
One of my favorite movies! Great for the times we are living in too. Great movie! 
AND JUST LIKE THE MOVIES WE PLAY OUT OUR LAST SCEEEEEEENE 
Has just become one of my favorite movies! It reflects how hate may not have a reason other than j… 
Critic’s Pick: ‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World? 
LET’S MAKE MOVIES 
Would also like to encourage everyone to seek the truth… 
God no they’re all like among my fav movies ever 
The Texas chainsaw massacre movies are great 
PART 1.R.Brody NYorker film critic of Destination Wedding w Keanu Reeves&amp;Winona Ryder says realistic sex scenes don… 
This looks a million times better than any of the Fast and Furious movies. Don't know why it couldn't be i… 
I need for Earl to just go apply at Rotten Tomatoes  as a movie critic lol just send mans around the world to go w… 
I can’t believe one of my favorite examples of visual storytelling in movies is the opening sequence to Nacho Libre 
Lol yeah not everyone. I find things adorable some don't too. I've grown up with too many horror movies 
Why do they still show nuclear families in movies? Isnt it rare now a days? 
i’m scared of roller coasters, tanning beds, and going to race car races from them movies 
so, I can't guess both but I am almost sure that one of the movies this week is going to be MANIAC a… 
Growing up we are taught "all for one, one for all". But it gets overlooked when we live in a society where every m… 
Asexual as in the Asexual we were taught in secondary School abi tutorials ? Come,I watch horror movi… 
One of my favorite movies! 
If as many people have seen those two movies as Netflix has claimed, wow, they sure are missing out… 
I LOVE that they used the theme song from the Movies! That was my shit! 
Yet that part was pretty much the only tolerable parts of the first two Thor movies somehow. 
Yea. That’s some bs just plain and simple. I’ve watched god knows how many horror movies and straig… 
The 50 best movies on Netflix right now - via  #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
Agreed! I hated The Last Stand and was shocked to actually see the Phoen… 
If you like super hero movies it's really good. There's more to it than the trailers show. The k… 
1/2 Did A QUIET PLACE and GET OUT have cup and cereal tie-ins I missed? I guess I just see those… 
"‘Little Woods’ Review: Life Is Thicker Than Blood" by MANOHLA DARGIS via NYT 
I marathoned all of these movies a couple months ago for the first time. If someone told me this woul… 
"‘Little Woods’ Review: Life Is Thicker Than Blood" by MANOHLA DARGIS via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World?" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT The New York Times 
LOL It was supposed to say "those movies"...I always hit the send button too quickly. Sorry. 
Thank you so much, being a huge fan of the inspirational &amp; movies, I'm beyond e… 
10 Great Movies To Watch If You Like Christopher Nolan 
"‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World?" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT… 
No It wouldn't, thor 3 came before infin… 
One of my top 10 movies of all time. 
'I'm Gonna Punch Him to the Sun': The 'Avengers' Cast Answers Burning 'Endgame' Questions on 'Colbert' -… 
From NY Times: "‘Little Woods’ Review: Life Is Thicker Than Blood" 
From NY Times: "‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World?" 
Breaking video news: ‘Little Woods’ Review: Life Is Thicker Than Blood" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: ‘Fast Color’ Review: Can a Gifted Family Save a Parched World?" via NYT #movies #films 
He’s the hideous blond guy who’s been a douche in a few movies 
Propaganda works. Now, the only way to reverse it is to promote counter propaganda. Maybe more uncircumc… 
The Esquire really needs to reopen so that I can go see midnight horror movies with the homies 
At this rate, with all these dope trailers for amazing looking movies, all my pants will be ruined! I AM SO HYPE FO… 
Hey there. Just out of pure curiosity, how old are you? I have found that lots of 35 or you… 
Weyes Blood - Titanic Rising Rating - 8/10Favorite Tracks - A Lot’s Gonna Change, Movies, Something to Believe 
The worst part about being a dad is that scary movies aren’t scary anymore. 
Fast &amp; Furious Presents: Hobbs &amp; Shaw - Official Trailer #2 [HD] #Movies #TV 
"Spider-Man: Far Frome Home" release date moves up 3 days! #Movies #TV 
If there had just been some Hollywood movies to expose this....oh wait 
FC x-men movies just really about magneto wanting to just retire to a farm but these kids are NOT leaving him ALONE 
The next Star Wars movies write themselves. 
After Avengers: Endgame, that's it for a while. 
So if someone disseminates private photos/videos, as long as they didnt take or hack the ph… 
What? I don't even follow CH or his career... Just heartbroken cos I loved seeing together in Thor movies 
Remember when Harry Potter movies started coming out and people protested them saying they were too Satanic? Hope t… 
Alison Klayman’s ‘The Brink’ reveals emptiness of Steve Bannon 
If the only super hero movies you’ve ever watched in your life is Infinity War and a Batman film please stay away from this conversation. 
Remember when movies were fun. Griswold family vacation welcome to Wally world. Let's get back to fun peace love and joy. 
I know I’m a wierdo but I think I’m at least 2-3 Avenger movies… 
Adam Sandler Movies &amp; Adam Sandler Movies 
Unrelated, but stoked to see you in my little Sioux Falls at in a few months....dad intr… 
SideTrack: Olivia Culpo, Amy Poehler … and more - Boston Herald 
When it comes to Socialists and Commies. I never get tired of seeing them crash and burn! Neit… 
It’s okay to go to the movies by yourself. 
Can Disney just buy DC already so we can get some decent movies out of em? Sheeesh 
Tbh I’m not even the biggest avengers fan but you’ll always catch me watching their movies... gotta respect the culture  
Now you can know how it feels to have a remake of your childhood movies too! 
FYI: I once was involved with independent film, back in the 1980's &amp; 1 o… 
Don’t forget the Steven Seagal movies 
MEH! Something's wrong with Chucky in the new Child's Play remake trailer via 
#HighFiveDay Love this tweet with the top movies with the best high fives!  
HBO's excellent 1991 horror/noir pastiche Cast a Deadly Sp… 
I don't think he knows how much we all need his movies 
Robert Downey Jr. Says The Last 8 Minutes Of #AvengersEndgame Are The MCU's Best Ever - 
Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free watch thousands of movies and TV episodes suc… 
Marvel's movies mode on 
Imitation is the highest form of flattery except when the resulting movies look really bad 
And according to like all the movies... 
Nice! The groagics team snapped on the window text. #johnwick 
Fist of Legend | Best Action JET LI Full Movies English - Laugh 24h 
A vital part of the "Guys I'll be right back I need to use the restroom" at the movies starter pack 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Penguins’ Review: Disney’s Nature Doc Celebrates Our Furry Flightless Friends… 
These days the #Superheroes movies dominate the #BoxOffice. I don’t know about you but my mom is one of my real sup… 
And the on the other side you have people complaining about how the Hobbit movies looked like chea… 
AVailable now Dragon Ball Super: Broly - The Movie. #NewRelease #video #movies #anime #DragonBall… 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_27 
It’s the horror movies have done your head in. 
Guys, comes out in a week. Here is something to help out people who haven’t watched everything in the MCU… 
Is it ever okay to tweet GIFs from clips/shows/movies/etc. you've never seen the original of? 
There will never be enough How to Train your dragon content  It’s my favorite movie series of all time!! I sobbed… 
#raptor #kids #time #videos Watch Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom Online Streaming For Free HD Movie Download.  "Watc… 
Quick Survey Now the holidays have started please recommend your top MOVIES for me to watch (post a pic) an… 
I still have to get there (the last one I watched was vs. Biollante) but I admit it's one of the G… 
On today's show, another round of Mason v Movies v John v Music is going down. Send your music and movie ideas (80s… 
All the redacted parts of the Mueller Report are spoilers for upcoming Marvel movies. 
Child's Play - Official Trailer 2 | Mark Hamill es la voz de Chucky. #PopcornMovies #ChildsPlay #Movies #Trailers… 
Keep the "Artistic" movies coming Ana. Every time I watch them my eyesight improves  Love your work. Happy Easter  
your face is muddy buddy.  Now go back to making good movies... 
As a teenager, I used to love the really strange (old and likely from Italy) movies they used to show… 
movies u lyk dat i don't lyk  
Imagine TMP with today's CGI technology.   Heck, any of the 80's movies with today's tech.  They're g… 
tangled is one of the best disney movies and you can’t change my mind 
This looks so much better than all the Fast and Furious movies  
Man! This gave me chills! This is a great cut of all the movies! Super pumped and excited to see… 
John Cena In Talks For The Suicide Squad - 
Actor turned politician! ahh? Thats just publicity stunt for his movies. Can you mention his… 
Kamen Rider xover movies are wild because you’re expected to know everything about everyone that sho… 
It's NEW #PODCAST DAY! Listen to our latest show now! That is a little hostile sorry. New #MovieReview #podcast is… 
What about the 2nd remake with Bruce Willis ?  My movies collection is about to get kicked to the curb,… 
Disney Plus: Everything we know about Disney's Netflix rival 
Thanos looks ready for a fight! 
You watch too many action movies. 
The '50s were a time when comedy went hand-in-hand with singing, dancing, and romance. Check out these top 10 comed… 
This April, there's no shortage of entertainment for you! With movies like Pet Sematary, The Queen’s Corgi and Litt… 
I adore aging.I'm more comfortable with me.I'm emotional at movies.I like nerd stuff.I'm not a sportsball guy… 
u know Earl I really liked the movie the Mule. I think Clint ought 2 do a remake of the Good T… 
I honestly can't wait for this one. I love the director's previous movies and this seems like pure insa… 
Shout out to short film &amp; indies Films &amp; Indie Movies | #IndiesUnite Film Blo… 
Everyone went wild when it was announced that The Boys would be returning but also. Sadness. Because… 
Jack said “Smack n Cheezies”, and the only thing playing on the TVs are old Bruce Lee movies. Both good things 
why do we still watch 1988 movies 
I've never read the books or seen the movies. Not an accurate representation of BDSM. And I will NEVER submit to a man. 
She gets recognition for preaching about feminism and race. She knows exactly what she is doing. Her acting doesn't… 
I may not get brought the kids menu, but anytime I go to the movies with my friends I usually have to s… 
Overall, eh. Christopher Eccleston and Zachary Levi are utterly wasted, the darkness of these movies pisses me off,… 
I can't stand to see a child hurt either, but movies with creepy kids... I hate creepy kids. 
Interesting read. 
Three fictional places I wan… 
As a kid, most of the 80's I slouched in front of the TV watching movies and eating chips. The rest of the 80's I wasted... 
Definitely reproductive material. At least enough for 9 movies. 
I was actually surprised to see they were rebooting the series since they'd just start… 
South Korean Actor Ma Dong-seok Joins Marvel's The Eternals 
They record commentary tracks for series rather than going through directors. Plus, they have recorded… 
I never did understand that logic when it began. Book stores were never the only place to buy… 
Hiding Chuckys face adds suspense to the movies, they’re doing a gr… 
No problem..after that checkout Project MK Ultra..it's basically similar to what the Ja… 
What if everyone actually did the right thing and made honest moves? What if we acted like the heroes we go watch in the movies? #whatif 
Movies relax me 
If these remakes were the original movies they would be fantastic movies… 
One of my favorite movies!  
Have you heard? 
I loved those movies!! I heard they are or might make a fourth one, but I’m not sure if that’s true. 
Best baseball movies of all time list   List good but missed 2 on my list: Trouble with the… 
Writers Guild Sues Talent Agencies #Movies #TV 
New Imax Poster for 'John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum' #Movies #TV 
Not that this matters, but Bill created Rocket Raccoon, a CGI procyon lotor who has been in 3 movies that grossed $… 
Jimin out here looking like the heartthrobs in my favorite 80s movies in this baggy pink suit.#JIMIN 
I’m sure you’ve seen it, but Get Out is one of my all time favorite movies and is intense 
West Side Story adds over 40 performers for its Sharks/Jets chorus #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
Second #ChildsPlay Trailer Teases Chucky's Reign Of Terror - 
Back to back  movies#averyspeciallove and #youchangemylife on KBO 
Already one of the best XMen movies 
You gotta watch Elf next Christmas Stupid USA Hollywood movies are the best 
I have a new app that gives me 1000 channels including all payperviews, NFL, NBA, NHL games(Sunday ti… 
Just had a random memory about going to the video store to rent out movies on random Friday’s. Lol nostalgic feeling 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!Doctor Who #doctorwho #comics #blurays #movie… 
I have others I could add, but those 5 are the ones that I would say had the most to do with shaping how… 
Get off so we can watch movies &amp; snack all day long 
Is it weird to pick movies on Netflix based in the episodes I haven't seen? 
What, not seeing any of the F&amp;F movies, or this one? 
Movies After Avengers Endgame | Comicstorian 
Don't you watch movies? Saying "soon" just gives the villain warning they need to st… 
Do you remember Critters or Communion? Those two movies screwed me up royally...I was seeing little f… 
Still one of my favorite movies of all time.  
Judging from the movies, that might not be a good idea. 
Google movies, They do go up so fast. 
‘Family’ Review: Better Living Through Childcare 
My goal one day is to own all of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies and nobody is going to stop me 
For me, it'll be the other way. I use Chromecast so it'll be great to finally watch Prime movies/vi… 
A film on a legend  
Like, I'll watch the movies but I can't honestly tell you that I'm fully invested. Whereas with the DCEU, I'm all i… 
Boys on couches with electronic tablets raised by internet memes and LGBT cartoons and movies, with basement-bound… 
SHIT. plays Chucky in the new Child's Play.... Might have to see it now, even though I've NEVER seen… 
Idris Elba Is "Black Superman" In New #Hobbs&amp;Shaw Trailer - 
That is one of the only horror movies that literally made me sleep with the lights on. It got under my sk… 
Man for all seasons 
Okay see, you had me at Mark Hamill and lost me at Chucky controlling drones and smart thermostats. Even for these… 
It just keeps saying there's a server error. This is happening on music, movies, games, etc. Android 9 user here 
This is why aliens always go to New York in the movies.  Godzilla could be strolling down 5th Avenue a… 
Are you one of those people who scream "don't go in there!" or "He's behind you!" in the #movies? You were probably… 
I seldom go to movies, I have spent years where I’ve had no television. I have seen only… 
New Child's Play trailer: Let me tell you about my best friend #QuintaDetremuraSDV 
It was really good! I love movies like that actually  
I love those movies. My mom thought they were stupid and we’d say “yeah, stupid funny!” 
If it was realsed in 2013 would done sam… 
I am also very violence averse and I've also linked it to my vivid imagination. I have no desire to… 
"MAKE IT ISO!", A Series of Isometrics Based on Iconic Movies and TV Series | ArchDaily 
Be his Lil girl again. Grab a deck of cards and play with him. Or out to movies. Just try s… 
House of the devil and Silence of the lambs for our Pinot noir night; scream and April fools day for a… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Last Flag Flying (2017) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.9/10] is now available in t… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Thinning (2016) [HEVC · 1080p · NR · 5.6/10] is now available in the… 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Thinning: New World Order (2018) [H264 · 720p · NR · 3.8/10] is now… 
#NailedIt! Reserve your seats for  #DisneynaturePenguins - Now Playing: #MakeItICONIC 
What is Acting?Acting quotes that define the art.This week Denzel Washington!#denzelwashington #movie #film… 
I've had to change my razor, my hair soap, my deodorant,  stop watchig movies and football.… 
Top 10(or 5) sci-fi movies? 
This is from a few years back, but would you like to see it happen? 
#DaddyIssues follows a free-spirited, 19-year-old artist named Maya who falls in love with a sexually-fluid fashion… 
#GoodFriday just got even better with a thrilling selection of new movie releases. Enjoy them all right here at mov… 
How about Mike Tyson?! Feel more kids these days would know him over Ali! Sad I know but more so now th… 
This is just another reason to boycott the MCU Billions of dollars made by the movies by characters HE created… 
daming magandang movies/series sa netflix oh. penge namang kanetflix date jAN 
New 'Hobbs and Shaw' Trailer Released 
Now that I have HBO (to watch GoT) can y’all suggest some other shows/movies to watch? Already starting Mommy Dead and Dearest! 
Don’t think she ever played a bad part even in bad movies. Apparently I channeled bill Clinton 
My friend is a horror fan. Barb has read every , watched endless scary movies with my daughter (who al… 
Maybe I should have seen less movies and more of the special events....hmmm #GingerRogers #ShouldntHaveToChoose 
When he leaves the toilet seat up!!! Oh my "dog", it "bugs" me  I like funny movies. Laughing is the best medicine… 
I LOVED “A Quiet Place”.    Finally saw it.   What other good horror movies are out recently that I may have missed. 
I feel like I’m in a romcom because I’m sitting alone with my hair in a bun eating chinese and watching movies on netfl 
Inside AutoAlert's At the Movies with Jamie Faulkner | Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure #video at 
OMG. Someone made a movie about my life... Several movies according to the all the responses... Makes me tired just… 
PROTECTOR TAKEDOWN– “How to Take Down a Violent Subject… It’s not like the movies.” In the… 
man, really loved parody movies. they were so stupid looooool wish we could get a new one based on Get Out or something 
You can relate more w/ popcorn&amp; movies &amp; #HollywoodCesspool by… 
Go Mid Mo! to fashion, movies and comedy 
I really miss and because they were the only people that would have scheduled mental… 
Today’s audiences are more interested in performances: Vivekh on ‘Vellai Pookal’ 
wonder if ppl who play presidents in movies (not like . lincoln or anything like fake presidents) go on a power tri… 
Pretty simple mate :- Church - Ruby - Parkrun - movies and Tv series 
3. My buddy Pete was wounded twice, has a Silver Star from Wanat, 6 combat tours. He only cares about hi… 
Vitality members can watch the latest movies for half the price when you activate the Vitality movie b… 
Nightmares are just free horror movies that you produce, direct and star in. 
THE BEARDED ONES EP 319: THE HURTIN' CREW!!!! A realization about our own Jason Underwood!!! Then, we play a round… 
Except people dont see every movie, captain marvel wasnt… 
I remember when super hero movies were simple to follow. Now I need a guide to tell me what’s what  #TheBoysTV 
Movies That Made Me is a good one. 
Gurllll this cracks me up! So I checked your profile- Roddy Piper movies?!? Awesome!  Gotta follow ya!! 
What things do you enjoy doing? — Sports is prob my fav thing, followed by lifting movies podcasts etc 
Fast &amp; Furious: Hobbs &amp; Shaw Trailer 2 | MTV Movies via 
Movies from today until Monday.... that's me 
One of the best movies ever! Would not fly today.  
I have heard the news of actors passing away over the year and yes any death breaks my heart. But none have left an… 
We need to go over the list of movies you havent seen... 
How have I become obsessed with Marvel movies in under 2 months ??? 
But then again, I'm sure half the films I would bring up actually wo… 
'Kandasamys: The Wedding' is here and it lives up to expectations via 
Movie theatres should not allow minors into movies past 9 unless a parent is there and no kids under 13 allowed at all #Endgame 
Observe and Report is easily top 5 WORST movies I’ve ever watched. The fact it has 51% on rotten tomatoes is laughable. 
Breaking video news: Almodóvar and Malick Will Compete at Cannes. Tarantino? He’s a Maybe." via NYT #movies #films 
binge-watched mcu movies all damn day and neglected dem shitload of acad works and workout  productivity lvl at -0 
Yes, Captain Marvel is stronger than even Thanos. 
And we will 4 sure review the 2 movies U mentioned + THE JOKER and many others. And we go beyond jus… 
Aretha Franklin concert documentary 'Amazing Grace' is nothing short of a miracle 
7 years in Fandom we've seen what promises are worth. How many good movies left. How many stayed that… 
Watch Game of Thrones Season 8 Episode 1 : Winterfell Watch Movies and TV Series Stream Online 
He’s back in his truck Googling ‘porn movies’ to see if enough of them began that way, thus justifyi… 
Direct TV Internet - Washington, USA - Free Global Classified Ads 
Tingu whole career &lt; Akshay Kumar in this decade.Total no. of hits &amp;… 
Funny Quotes About Love From Movies 
Direct TV Internet - Washington, USA - Post Free Classified Ads 
Love him. Always used to get hip movies when I worked at network video paddington 
Naps, snacks, movies, walking around aimlessly,...I could do this all day. 
Direct TV Internet - Washington, USA - Free Business Classified Ads 
We love Rahman we r still waiting for ur live performan… 
Movies that premiered on  April 18:Holes (2003) The Scorpion King (2002) 
"Ginger's always glamorous. Fun in the sun ... On the patio of her Hollywood home, a smiling Ginger Rogers poses fo… 
That’s your opinion but if that’s how you feel you shouldn’t be watching superhero movies 
Omgggg. I just got sad. I remember when I was younger and would be soooo excited when new Disney movies would come… 
Hey You have an open invitation to come on #BBITM to talk movies &amp; wrestling. We have mutual friend… 
Wow really?!? That’s good to hear these movies are rarely strong from a filmmaking standpoint 
i like tinkerbell movies but don't like tinkerbell 
My customer service experience:Me: Why did Netflix increase their rates when they didn't pay any taxes?… 
#Movie "Soul Ties" (2016) 
Terrence Malick, Pedro Almodóvar and Ira Sachs films join the 72nd Cannes Film Festival lineupTo hear it from the… 
Love you in all your movies walking tall. SnitchCan't for get in fast &amp; furious… 
Your Fave Mary-Kate &amp; Ashley Movies Are Coming To Hulu So Get Ready For Major Nostalgia 
We rounded up 7 exciting pieces of news from this year's #StarWarsCelebration covering everything from movies, to T… 
Japanese horror movies would be great right now. 
When Kansas appears in bond movies. #ksleg 
Excited for movies with Teddy and his mother  
How does Back to the Future 2 not look shitty like most 80’s movies? Still so good! #BackToTheFuture 
Crazy Eddie (aka Coffee Party volunteer, Vince Lamb) enjoys finding connections between politics and culture in our… 
From Now To The Past 
You should be worried, too. 
This is just not a Common cast but a multi-talented cast that changed the law for immigrants who seek asylum in the… 
'Twas actually a romantic setting at the botanical gardens...had to press her against the tree like in the movies  
My favorite A24 movies: The Lobster, The Witch, and The Blackcoat’s Daughter 
I prefer horror movies  
so i just basically watched bird box again and just ate the whole time while waiting for  the movies to finish,,, 
Cannes Film Festival 2019 Lineup: Malick, Almodovar, Dardennes; Four Women Directors In Competition – Full List. 
I think writers think they can stop listening to their editors when they get famous.  I don’t know… 
Dear single men,Watch what makes you happy, Star Wars or Super hero movies. Wear what makes you happy, like cargo… 
Exactly. Ruining the originality to so many movies. 
I remember our Film Teacher had me choose what film to watch during dinner, after a day of reviewing movies for LBH… 
Oh, the gladiator movies they will watch. 
"‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo" by GLENN KENNY via NYT Critics' Pick… 
I LOVE the Marvel franchise but after like 2 watches of the movies I get abit bored...except for Thor Ragnarok...Jo… 
GLENN KENNY picked Grass as a Critics' Pick! 
‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo 
"‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo" by GLENN KENNY via NYT Critics' Pick 
Dark Knight Trilogy was good in my honest opinion, perhaps even the best… 
I was going to say Sneakers too—for accessibility. One of my favorite (and largely underrated) m… 
Dark Phoenix is slowly proving to me that I have absolutely ZERO interest in seeing Jennifer Lawrence in any superh… 
You sure aren't. He is getting support. I think it's okay to love these movies but a little bit weird to have this reaction 
The graveyard shift just got a whole lot creepier in #PetSematary. Book your tickets here 
Ok. I fail to see the relevance or importance of her statement.  Does she want congratulations for doing her… 
Four movies I'm excited about this year: Star Wars episode 9, Avengers Endgame, Dark Phoenix, and Brightburn. Gonna… 
Can't we send a CIA black up to just go kidnap him &amp; drop him off on the front steps of the DOJ? I watch too many movies  
Add this to the list of verified new release movies that must be a victim of #twitterbias 2070 followers??? I hig… 
‘Rafiki’ Review: Falling in Love, Illegally 
Critic’s Pick: ‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo 
‘Instant Dreams’ Review: Polaroid’s Too-Secret Ingredient 
‘Stuck’ Review: A Movie Musical Set in a Subway Car? Stand Clear. 
‘Red Joan’ Review: I Spy, Reluctantly 
you and i: the only consistent sources of pegokita in English you and i: always make him sassy bc T… 
Terrific to see these students impacting Wichita’s cultural scene so boldly! #wpsproud 
Not worth paying almost 15. Most of the shows and movies trash 
Who can rate Bollywood movies out of 10 for me?  
I watched movies about Notre Dame, I have more than a reason to be touched at le… 
I think I've figured out my problem with the first two movies. Everything's so goddamn dark. Not "Oh, Thor said a c… 
Topical Thursday - Movies 
"Into the Wild" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Cannes Film Festival 2019 Lineup: Malick, Almodovar, Dardennes; Four Women Directors In Competition – Full List - D… 
An oath to fight for the truth has been made. Be a part of #SaintJudy’s journey to fight for justice.  Watch it a… 
Can one person really change the world?Find out in cinemas tomorrow. #SaintJudy – get your tickets here… 
The fact that Amazon knew to include John Howe is a great sign. Gives me hope that they r… 
Turner Classic Movie Festival Sees Billy Crystal Immortalized at Iconic Mann's Chinese Theater -… 
There was a rumor that Richard Gere used to stuff live rodents up his ass, it was proven to be untrue, but if ihad… 
Watching All Marvel movies from the first Avengers  
"MAKE IT ISO!", A Series of Isometrics Based on Iconic Movies and TV Series 
"But having a really good understanding of history, literature, psychology, sciences – is very, very important to a… 
Here's a Beef Stroganoff recipe as part our World Culture tour as we "travel" around the world via food, stories, m… 
From NY Times: "‘Stuck’ Review: A Movie Musical Set in a Subway Car? Stand Clear." 
From NY Times: "‘Red Joan’ Review: I Spy, Reluctantly" 
From NY Times: "‘Rafiki’ Review: Falling in Love, Illegally" 
From NY Times: "‘Instant Dreams’ Review: Polaroid’s Too-Secret Ingredient" 
From NY Times: "‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo" 
From NY Times: "‘Family’ Review: Better Living Through Childcare" 
"‘Stuck’ Review: A Movie Musical Set in a Subway Car? Stand Clear." by GLENN KENNY via NYT 
"‘Red Joan’ Review: I Spy, Reluctantly" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT 
"‘Instant Dreams’ Review: Polaroid’s Too-Secret Ingredient" by GLENN KENNY via NYT 
"‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo" by GLENN KENNY via NYT 
"‘Family’ Review: Better Living Through Childcare" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT 
Defeating the Emperor was the climax of 6 movies and the story of both Luke and Anakin. Undoing that… 
"‘Stuck’ Review: A Movie Musical Set in a Subway Car? Stand Clear." by GLENN KENNY via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Red Joan’ Review: I Spy, Reluctantly" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Rafiki’ Review: Falling in Love, Illegally" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Instant Dreams’ Review: Polaroid’s Too-Secret Ingredient" by GLENN KENNY via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo" by GLENN KENNY via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Family’ Review: Better Living Through Childcare" by JEANNETTE CATSOULIS via NYT The New York Times 
Breaking video news: ‘Stuck’ Review: A Movie Musical Set in a Subway Car? Stand Clear." via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: ‘Red Joan’ Review: I Spy, Reluctantly" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: ‘Rafiki’ Review: Falling in Love, Illegally" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: ‘Instant Dreams’ Review: Polaroid’s Too-Secret Ingredient" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: ‘Grass’ Review: Eavesdropping in the Coffee Shop With Hong Sang-soo" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: ‘Family’ Review: Better Living Through Childcare" via NYT #movies #films 
I hate movies in which babies drive cars. 
#Movie "The Unbroken" (2012) 
Truth be told. You are perfectly memeable, I love all the pictures I see of you, you are adorable. Even… 
The only two movies that I’ve purchased in my life are The Fault In Our Stars and Zoolander. So I feel like that te… 
From 10 Fascinating Facts to Trailer Reactions, it’s all about the movies. Come grab a seat at The Mov… 
How can you say such a terrible thing and deny us Richard Armitage fans THREE whole movies with him playing Thorin… 
I’m home alone and watching movies by myself that time someone is actually dating me. Wow 
Join hosts Tim and Troy as they discuss: Star Wars Celebration! From toys and movies to the people on the floor. Th… 
My 11 year old who has in the last few weeks organically discovered Xmen media (tv shows, movies) and… 
SPONSORED | Even if Afrikaans is not your home language, turn on the subtitles and enjoy these local series and mov… 
Yeh Un Dinon Ki Baat Hai - ये उन दिनों की बात है - Ep 411 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Vi… 
Superstar Singer - Singing Ka Kal | Meet Captain Salman Ali | Coming Soon | Promo Entertain… 
Ladies Special - लेडीस स्पेशल - Ep 103 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Videos, Latest Movies… 
Ladies Special - लेडीस स्पेशल - Ep 102 - 17th April, 2019 Entertainment Videos, Latest Movi… 
Patiala Babes - पटियाला बेब्स - Ep 103 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Videos, Latest Movies… 
This is the kind of person who, in Hollywood, finds back-channel ways of panning movies that are in contention with… 
How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty 
Well... I know what movies I'll be watching this afternoon. 
Lille looks a scene of movies...or a painting...really fantastics pics...a lucky person who live there.. 
Pull out all your best dance moves for the movie #Little.#1moresleep until #LittleMovie is in cinemas! Book your… 
i really make movies. 
TV Casting: WESTWORLD, SLEEPING BEAUTIES, John Cusack in UTOPIA, &amp;amp; More - FilmBook 
‘Game of Thrones’ ‘Inspires’ Soundtrack with SZA, Maren Morris, Weeknd, Travis Scott - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
When the internet makes your day........                                          M.I.A.'s 'Paper Planes' Sung by 2… 
Mojin: The Lost Legend, Legendary explorer Hu Bayi searches for the tomb of Emperor Xian on an island of monstrous… 
Im second year Drama student  of Ukzn so im so interested on taking part on kzn series and… 
Say ‘ we never went on that date?’ Can we go tonight? I was thinking of taking you to the movies.... 
My son is the same. No dead dogs in movies. His first dog as an adult, Blue, is 14 and I am sure has le… 
A movie came out in 2000 called unbreakable. Split is part 2 and glass is part 3. If you want the wh… 
This clash will never happn.Akki, salman enemies hote tb ho jata.2 big movies will… 
Watching movies will do.  
- church - Parkrun - beer -tv series - movies 
15 Best Horror Movies of 2018 (So Far by Rotten Tomatoes) #horror: Putting another spin on the best horror movies o… 
It’s definitely going down as one of my fav romantic movies 
I’m also a massive Spider-Man fan. As well as most earlier MCU movies. “Yo… 
‘High School Musical’ Director Kenny Ortega Signs Multi-Year Deal With Netflix - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
i was pretty fond of solo, there are a bunch of star wars movies i'd rate it above 
From NY Times: "How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" 
"How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT 
I know Mindy Kaling is a fan rom-coms and has been producing more in that genre ~ I think we’re going to… 
Key Dates Announced for 2020 Golden Globes - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I got Hulk! Quiz: Which Avengers: Infinity War Character Are You? | Movies 
there's a special level of hell for them, usually reserved for child molesters and people who talk at the… 
‘Missing Link’ Gets Alexa Skill With Interactive Audio Adventure (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Sir, Telangana is still backward, this happened because of Andhra.. u r de only one who hve guts… 
Breaking video news: How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" via NYT #movies #films 
Movies: the best film in 10 years.Sights: The full autumn moon like tonight Creatures… 
"How ‘Avengers’ Was Assembled, Before Marvel Was Mighty" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT The New York Times 
‘God of War’ Director Explains Why Accessibility Is Not a Compromise - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
It’s WB they own DC comics and some movies are hits and misses 
#Movie "Pro Wrestlers vs Zombies" (2014) 
Movies also. Even deep conversations 
Read anything I can... Love learning... Movies... Gaming but to an extent... I dab in writing... Di… 
been watching Barbie movies lately!  
Movies out this Easter Weekend 
Who needs South African step movies when we have Moria 
Endgame is a week away! Looking back through, gotta say some sore thumbs over 22 movies, and some pretty great gems… 
The advantage of being an office worker in government is the half day prior to certain religious holidays. I’m spe… 
OH that’s cool!! Ive gotta check out the other FF movies sometime but advent children is so good. 
Totally 80s, again: Before 1980s-themed events, Danny O'Connor picks top '80s movies 
I would also drop it off... but just a little lighter obvsiouly never will I take it all because do y'all not w… 
I feel like my favorite memory of episode I was getting to see it again a few years ago in 3D when… 
black movies w niggas that wear black air forces&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
The actors of Shazam! they would have a contract for 5 movies 
Be a sport!  
I'm guessing his mom and dad did a "Netflix and chill" session with the Shrek movies, the… 
Coming to Mission Gateway: Massive entertainment center with movies, zip lines, games 
Do a**holes watch movies and think the a**hole characters are reasonable people? 
MipTV Roundup: European Producers Flock to ‘Naked Beach,’ Cannes-Set Procedural in the Works -… 
Still one of my favorite movies  
Good Movies. 
Meet the ‘High Priestess’  
cool #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye… 
nice #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity #WheelingNailers #IndyFuel… 
4th in LT and top 1 in movies (Alone/Together) on Twitter &amp; box office for Q1. 
I would decide to watch movies that make me cry  rn  
Saya nun Watching movies, shopping groceries, waking up in the morning with you  
Guys I’ve been using a VPN to watch movies and series with campus WiFi and I fear getting blocked from the WiFi. Can that happen ? 
Having caught up on Pronto and Riding the Rap, I think one or two excellent Raylan-focused movies… 
In another words "Making in next flop of 
watching movies without Mac Miller  
#Movie "All Tomorrow's Children" (2015) 
Sophie Turner Turns Into Supervillain - With all of the high-profile comic book movies soaring into theaters in 2… 
Unfortunately my pyjamas quite often get splattered with blood but you know, if you’re into… 
Blooming Night 
THESE MOVIES GO OFF 
I just watched The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug (2013) #trakt 
To start, I love and all his movies but #ThePerfectDate was by far the cutest! It’s actually better then… 
Ha ha!! Nigerian movies never disappoint 
TOP 10 Best Hallmark Valentine Movies to Watch Now! 2019 | Hallmark Romantic Comedy Movies 
Romance hallmark 2018 – Top hallmark romance movies 2018 
TOP 10 The ROYAL Hallmark Movies Worth Watching 2019 | Best Hallmark Romantic Comedy Movies 
Yeah no I don’t do scary movies at all. Hate em. 
Nothing is better than movies and rain I’ve never been so happy that my bed is by my window 
At the crossroads 
The results are in... Horror &amp; RomCom it is! I will do separate polls on each genre to decide on the movies. Tha… 
Are you kissing babies? You realize that only works in the movies to win elections? You Dems have no r… 
Do men squads go out for movies? 
For a min. there when I first saw the story and that car, it brought back all my Mr. Fu… 
I wanna be indoors all weekend x watch movies and relax... 
- - traditional movies being ineligible because they went straight to streaming and were not played… 
They were right about colorizing movies #siskelandebert #movies 
American Gangster has been added to Netflix - 
if you want to truly plumb the depths of bad movies linked to famous franchises may I suggest 
Wow, an awesome fresh video concept, nothing I've seen before, grea… 
Been doin this for most the movies and shit I watch for like 3 years 
One of my fav movies,defos top 5  
Non jazz related- i wish relationships actually worked as easy as they do in movies or tv shows. Nothing more non realistic than that.  
Michael Bay Officially Done With Transformers, No Last Knight Sequel 
I freaked my black friends at work out when I told them Bebe's Kid's was one of my favorite movies as a child.Bef… 
Probably not. Tell him to watch one of my favorite movies… 
My favourites are...  
Kenny Ortega Inks Multi-Year Netflix Deal, Sets ‘Auntie Claus’ Movie; ‘Julie And The Phantoms’ Series -… 
Snyder movies are trash 
These fantasy movies aren't for everyone kaloku. Abo "khafake Uzalo apho, thi ndimbone iThe Queen apho"… 
The film directed by Russo brothers and the production of Marvel studios. The film is planned to be released on Apr… 
Titanic is one of my favorite movies but sobrang hirap para sakin na panoorin siya  I love the story, the charact… 
I need to quit watching emotional movies late and night after a few beers 
whyyyy is thiiiiiis na i can watch scary movies but can't play scary games?? 
This is why I don’t mind watching movies alone 
It’s a minion from Despicable Me  I know because we watched these movies with my son. This is funny!… 
watch free movies click 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_25 
That’s exactly what I thought you meant and that is exactly why I hate going to see horror… 
True pornstar and true heself love: movies True pornstar and true heself love - Gebrauchtes Fleshlight Ficken - Geb… 
I think cell phones are a distraction at school and at work. At businesses they are blo… 
I'm not so crazy about movies so I'm good 
Kaiju Movies REIGO and RAIGA Licensed For North American Release « SciFi Japan 
"Inception" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Basically, there's a pilot that they did a year and a half before the show that's....interesting histori… 
Watch Indian Movies for free onlineWatch Bollywood Movies for free onlineWatch Hindi Movies for free online… 
Grown men enjoying super hero movies. Nah, not me bro. 
Much of the time, it is hard for men to communicate how they are really feeling. Society, movies and other factors… 
I still love this movie. I didn't when I saw the trailer and didn't see it at the movies. It is a regret. 
Honestly Illumination makes somewhat good animated movies they just need to cut it with the minions and I'm sold 
Hail Satan?: How a documentary is turning people into Satanists - via #WickednessIncreases 
So...first thoughts on Glass...I want to like it and certainly, some parts are really entertaining, but I just can'… 
What to do at 2AM when you’re sick and can’t sleep? Why not watch any Jay and Silent Bob movie? Thank you… 
I was never into classic R&amp;B because I had no older influences (siblings or family friends) to tune m… 
we’ve done mardi gras weekend together, the movies, a couple dinner dates, a baseball game, random afternoons, almo… 
About to see #LifeofBrian at the movies with my dad  
Would you laugh at me if I told you that’s one of my favorite movies 
I know that it's very divisive among people. I'm not a huge star wars fan like so many others out there, b… 
not usually the one to be scared about horror movies days after watching them..,.,. but US fucked me up good 
There are sensitive videos that you can't just circulate on social media, maybe I'm just too mindful of others. Peo… 
I have no problem watching scary movies alone but best believe a fucking Disney movie is going on right after 
In the movies, yes. In the real story, no.  
Very much looking forward to science reviewing #AvengersEndgame for the with and… 
I am equally as cynical, depressingly so sometimes. But my initial point, ec… 
Movie Review: #KalankRating: 3/5 stars"Varun_dvn has got perhaps the most challenging role of his life and make… 
Video Alert!Varun_dvn and aliaa08 cast Bollywood stars in the wackiest Hindi films ever only on… 
Movie Review: #KalankRating: 3/5 stars"MadhuriDixit looks ethereal and conveys everything with minimalistic exp… 
I have to admit that I never got a sense for how powerful Thor was in the movies.Heard he's far more powerful in the comics. 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra #Android 
#Movie "The Signal" (2014) 
Hearthstone has a new opening cinematic that is in line with old-school Disney movies. It's freaking amazing and re… 
The New York Times Television, Movies"What’s on TV Thursday: ‘Mid90s’ and ‘Bad Moms’" by GABE COHN via NYT 
#EmraanHashmi to do the Hindi remake of  #Ezra Read more at: 
#Lucifer team gives more hints about a sequel Mohanlal Read more at: 
He is my hero’, says NivinOfficial  about the ambulance driverRead more at: 
Digital HD Movies: Into the Wild, Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke, Clue, Tommy Boy $4.99 Each &amp; More Amazon -… 
Ryan Murphy has just revealed the title of the ninth season of #AmericanHorrorStory in an exciting teaser. Are you… 
8) For as long as I can remember I always watched the awards and wanted to be an actor. I’d watch my fa… 
It's been a while, but feels like these movies might have a lot in common. 
Bud Spencer and Terence Hill. Very old movies. Think even my parents watched it as kids. 
For phone it saves cause you can also download the movies or series and it monitors your data usag… 
Berliner action movies, 
The Jedi Prophecy From The Phantom Menace Has Finally Been Revealed 
Titanic and Bridge to TerabithiaTwo beautiful movies, but sad endings  
Yoo shout out to the people that edit movies wtf i be having a hard time w a 1 minute video sometimes 
The actual word of God is  Movies are written by the writers as the actors perform. 
Marvel Studios Taps Ma Dong-Seok For ‘The Eternals’ #Movies #TV 
I was just given over a hundred dvds of movies and tv shows. I guess I'll start watching movies again. LOL #movies… 
My wife and I caught it in theatre. We sped from work and I was double fisting beers in the movies. It was fantastic lmao 
Under the Silver Lake Gets VOD Treatment After Brief Theatrical Release - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
We dig it! 
Universe says no to dating apparently, so watching all four bionicle movies in my underwear with takeout it is 
Also, I’m with you on movies where animals get hurt or die. Or even when they’re sad. 
Gotta love the unPC movies. Even as current as 2010. What's happened to our country? Barely recognizable anymore. 
Mine is space. I’m terrified of space. So movies that are space thrillers or space horror are a giant NOPE! 
I'm sad now and want to see movies with you 
If we can’t rewatch old Disney movies together, I don’t want you 
If she doesn’t love scary movies she is not the one for me 
Yeah, man... it messed me up... I'm usually pretty cynical and don't get scared by movies, but my neig… 
The way we watch movies at home is changing fast. VCRs are becoming a thing of the past. Seriously, does anyone sti… 
"We counsel you, not to pollute your minds with such degrading matter, for the mind through which this… 
"We counsel you, not to pollute your minds with such degrading matter, for the mind throug… 
My cousins and I always have to watch scary movies at night like why do we do this to ourselves??  
Got 21 movies to watch before Endgame  
As much grief as Star Trek Discovery gets about how advanced the tech is in the timeline line, it isn’t coming from… 
Movies makers heaven on earth this #StateOfSouthAfricaPlaying itself out daily #StateCapatureInquiry 
Those are the best movies! 
i haven’t been to the movies in a LONG time. 
Beyonce may not be able to act in movies but DAMN she sure as hell can make em 
I’d take advice from a nebbish-looking billionaire who makes kung fu movies about himself: 
If they think fiction is useless, they should stop watching movies, reading books, listening to music, and all othe… 
Movies are heavily scripted, the main characters all have stunt doubles! A WWE super sta… 
Somehow I ended up watching Tsuri Bake Nisshi 2015 version. It's pretty good. Then I find out that in the original… 
#Movie "Blood Ivy" (2014) 
Microsoft Rewards warpspeed quiz 
Society is one of the weirdest movies I have ever seen. Thank you and for int… 
Love this cover - very retro. Another for my reading list. To write SF one must read what's happening.… 
Empty ass cinemas, I get the feeling this movies gona suck 
This &amp; Harlem Nights is my favorite movies 
Open Mike: The Must-See Movies of Paul Thomas Anderson 
por ejemplo la parte de loveology que dice "let's go to the movies, i will hum you a song about nothing at all" 
I start movies and just play on my phone and wonder why I don’t know wtf is going on 
It's official: Mission Gateway adds entertainment complex — movies, bowling, escape rooms 
Poor guy. 
Indoors binging tv series and movies with Beverages and junk food. 
UGH! NU!MOVIES DAGNABBIT! 
Go back to your video games and movies, boomer 
Chris Hemsworth Calls Rush His ‘Audition’ for James Bond - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
This is one of my favourite books/movies  
No more Ron Burgundy movies Adam McKay and Will Ferrell part ways 
My father always changed the channels when nice movies were playing And I understand bits but it… 
Go to the movies..and have lunch or dinner..or even a picnic where we could just sit, talk and have fun. 
I like that 2/4 are Harrison Ford movies. 
Horror movies are better to watch 
Are we going to get Real Steel 2? Because that (Real Steel) was easily one of my favorite movies of yours 
Remember when Lucas said there were only six movies because "Star Wars is the story of Anaki… 
It's kind of funny people at rottentomatoes are adding my reviews each day and they got to marathon I did on the Ra… 
Wow, focusing on female empowerment instead of, say, just great storytelling, is really creating feel-good movies and promotions, eh? 
13 dollar movie ticket, lol. The day tickets are that much is the day I stop going to movies. 
Idea: Recap but for It would be so cool to see all the stats from what you've seen the most and… 
Every time it storms like this it makes me wanna watch horror movies with the tv blasting  
It’s one of my favorite movies to ask “have you seen this?” And… 
So many great movies! Cause now I’m sitting here going “how the… 
why don't you try his other movies, it's a different thing but still amazing 
+1I appreciate those garden but it is not for meAlso, was… 
I love this thread! #film #movies #TV #typing 
My sit down anytime it’s on and watch it top 3 moviesDark Knig… 
I'm a cold bastard. I don't cry at TV shows or movies. finale achieved the impossible... I cried. I… 
Kinda find this thumbnail from Youtubers analysis about Star Trek tech funny. And they not off base. Today’s… 
Guys, if you’re going to receive a $50 gift card for your birthday.. where would you prefer it for? Is ColesMyer bo… 
People who spoil movies are in my top 5 most hated people 
I just wanna go home; watch some movies ,kick back and relax my body and mind  
OMG  I'm a little bit behind on my marvel but I got the majority of the movies 
you have successfully ruined one of the greatest shows of all time by making it about some racist prop… 
I’m always happy when Stan Lee’s cameo happens in these movies. 
It really took Tony Stark 3 Iron Mam movies and one Avengers movie to get the damn shrapnel out of his fuckin chest 
conspiracy theory: prequel memes were started by disney to trick people into thinking the star wars prequels were g… 
IF DC Universe doesn’t seem to be working- they’d incorporate these shows into HB… 
4 children missing after going to the movies 
The 50 Best Music Documentaries and Concert Films Ever - Vulture 
Guardians of the Galaxy: tbh imo this is where Marvel movies went from enjoyable to fantastic. The strength of the… 
I want to know your 5 favorite werewolf movies:1. The Howling 2. Silver Bullet3. Rise of the Lycans 4. Howling… 
So sorry to hear,  I found her by chance. An Asian Gentleman who Has produced a lot of movies did on… 
The Ricardo Rincon negotiation scene! Fuck this movie rules. I love movies and I love film. 
How about Pixar movies 
Imagine foreign movies being dubbed in Filipino language are dubbed by great voice actors 
Need a nigga who wanna be around me all the time  let’s chill watch movies &amp; cuddle tf 
It still surprises me how well I can recognize voices in movies/tv/games. It’s also kind of annoying because if I c… 
"women booze and movies" 
The State Library of WA will close at 5.50pm today for Easter and re-open on Tuesday 23 May at 9am. While the libra… 
So excited about the horror movies releasing this week!! 
Again I feel like having Abrams do the first one and then going into two auteur movies (on one of which the directo… 
I don’t really watch horror movies, but that doesn’t stop me even a little from watching you turn your… 
The montage where Brad Pitt &amp; Jonah Hill explain how to play the titular Moneyball is so good. It’s why we go to the movies!!! 
I just watched The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (2002) #trakt 
We've seen it in movies before and fictional tech tends to become a self fulfilling prophecy. could be a… 
Okay, May is in 2 WEEKS &amp; I will NOT be watching Christmas Movies &amp; Specials into May for the 3rd Year in a ROW! … 
I love heist movies so much. 
#Movie "Screwed" (2000) 
Roman just asked me “Do you want to spend the night this weekend and watch movies and eat salad and drink lots of w… 
There’s a Mexico you see in American movies and a Mexico tourists open up to you. America is feeding us lies, Mexico is beautiful 
isn’t it crazy that just a few years ago (2000s&amp;before) there were kids roaming every street with friends walking p… 
I don’t really like gangster movies. But I love this one. It might be my favorite movie Martin has done  
Does Avengers Endgame mean these movies are gonna end?  Cuz like that’d be pretty great. 
Me: “I should catch up on some new movies tonight. I still haven’t seen Hereditary, Get Out, Pet Sematary, Us, or a… 
Henry Winkler randomly landed the iconic role as Coach in 'The Waterboy' after calling Adam Sandler to thank him fo… 
I celebrated accidentally by watching two movies with him in a row for the last two nights  
moving is exhausting !! why didn't anyone warn me that this was not going to look like one of those happy music montages in the movies !! 
That's what we like to hear! 
Can tell when a theatre is run by someone who loves movies. 
Tryna think what movies thrill me lol, they’re all action  
Any kind or hint of animal abuse or where animals are killed in entertainment (movies, tv, etc.). It deeply effects this #empath 
One of my favorite movies, and a very little known one it seems, is "I  Huckabees". 
I suffer with visits from The Black Dog! Sometimes it's so damn hard to chase it away. Sometimes I… 
Yeah I’m not a fan and I’m so glad my kids are now 11 and almost 13. No more LEGO movies here!! 
And for sure jump-scare movies/slashers are horror up and down, and u got your Saw movies etc, but outs… 
#wooemmawatson  I do not know how to change people.  Most people I meet go home and run off to there screens.  Mine… 
Enjoy FREE open-air movie screenings this Easter Sunday and Easter Monday at Oracle Boulevard in Broadbeach. Kick b… 
we need an option to arrange them in shows and movies (separate them) also if I start watching somethin… 
It's about that time in the semester where I watch space movies and write papers from midnight till time to go to class 
I bet! there is so many horror movies to cover haha not just movies ether horror TV shows there is… 
If she keeps pissing people off they will just write her out of future avengers and stop… 
Bahaha. It looks like I didn't miss much! It's such a shame, because I really like both Superman and B… 
I'm just gonna wait for it to be at the cinema. I'm not a big enough fan of the superhero movies enough to go see one. 
sadly, but no. when I need to watch that kind of videos I simply go to my (my own) to… 
I feel like GameStop should just rebrand to a physical media store that focuses on games, movies, and music. 
India has never seen any success in fantasy genre till now .. even big mounted… 
‘LEGO movies. They’re like an acid trip. Who came up with that shit?” 
I don’t really do scary movies but La Llorona looks kinda dope 
She's an actress! She used to work with Nickelodeon. She's been on TVs shows like Tru… 
Just watched one of my all time favorite movies from childhood, the ORIGINAL Transformer movie, Chitty Chitty Bang… 
How about a little comedy. Love Old Movies with these two! #mirth #giggle #smile #hilarious 
I need to watch movies that will leave you feeling REALLY Good or Happy. Any suggestions? 
I'll be talking about all these movies, and more, on Thursday morning at 7:45 a.m. Mountain time. J… 
I’ve grown out of movies and tv shows on the low. Like don’t get me wrong go with bros is still fun but like I’d ra… 
Today I m into the #starwars with #masteryoda #cooking on his #hut . #illustration #artwork #mwigart #haitianartist… 
Also worth defining “horrify” and “thrill” I guess and what they mean to individuals and what movies pe… 
Ha! Quite a bit of homage the Wonder Woman movies are doing to the TV series. 
someone recommend movies pls, i’m sad n bored 
all movies should go back to black and white honestly 
They made one movie in SA, which featured former national heavyweight boxing champ Mike Schutte. Their movies were… 
So many movies I need a 20 foot tall woman to carry me around in her bag like a tiny glamorous dog. 
Okay it seems like I need to watch some #KimJaeWook movies 
NASA IPCC are paid organisations to sway the consensus of things. Much like the movi… 
Horror movies should be SCARY not this soft stuff... 
Hotstar to stream Disney+ shows and movies in India at no extra cost 
I lowkey like going to the movies by myself 
I know it's good. If they have it on Amazon Video I will rent it. Older movies are only… 
Hey Devon! Just a general question - do you also get interested in the new stuff your kids like? If so,… 
On Check out When Jeremy Met Nam: 90's pick#HappyGilmoreCategories for this episode:1) Favor… 
Shawshank redemption is one of the greatest movies ever 
Aw gee, poor babies. I'd like to thing they've learned something about privilege, but I'm not counting on… 
Inspirational #movie QOTD:“Right turn, Clyde.” -Philo Beddoe; Every Which Way But Loose (1978)#70s #films… 
We used to have a guild member in Galaxy of Heroes that would type out Emperor Palestine. He had nev… 
#throwbackthursday jis as a kid we used to watch their movies over and over! 
Blade IIBlade IWhat We Do in the ShadowsLet the Right One InAnd, I dunno, I guess Underworld was fun. Turns o… 
George Lucas names his favourite Star Wars character – and fans are outraged 
VOTE for PRESIDENT and for VP this Friday! These girls have put in SO much work for… 
Wait, what?! 
One of the best movies ever made hands down 
How many movies have you blown threw today?  
Idiot left the gun on the couch  I hate horror movies lol 
---completely lack any emotional context, those "movies" are designed to be from the perfect observer's… 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #11 #IYPT2019Strontium movie 2 of 2: Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) Peter Parker's (T… 
Scary movies r my fav, so i can’t wait to see La Llorona 
---hold dear in their life, extroverted greys are quite rare, something like 2/10 greys are extroverts,… 
I just gotta say...I grew up watching #TheLastDriveIn with my dad as a kid (exposes me to so many great cult classi… 
Amazon Prime movies &gt; 
Tom Hardy Says He's 'Lucky' to Be Alive, Reveals Painful Drug-Addled Past 
My favourite comfort movies are Rom Coms. Have your favourites changed over the past years? #scriptchat #amwriting… 
I watched a lot of movies and read a bunch of different takes on it! It helped me create my own 
I used it a hell of a lot... I had a lot of frustrations with the ways it didn't handle my primary… 
NEW TWITTER: Forget people, what do you like?Me: Uh, video games?T: Great. Here's a lot of hot takes about how f… 
So I'm watching this now.. why can't movies have kids play kids? I'm tired of watching 30 year olds act as high schoolers 
That’s one of my top 5 favorite movies of all time. 
The CW’s Supernatural Episode 14.18 Sneak Peek Released - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Started Black Summer tonight when it randomly popped up in my suggestions. AMAZING. It takes the best p… 
Are you fkn serious? Damn. You just ruined half the movies I play on repeat when I need a friendl… 
Hecl watches too many movies.  
It could be interesting in comic books, but in the movies it's NOBODY WANTS… 
Why is #TheMartian such a good movie? I’ve watched it several times and I’ve finally figured it out. They use scien… 
Shawshank Redemption and then Mrs. Doubtfire. What a night for some 90s movies! 
Give me Knights of The Old Republic movies you coward 
People have become really "protective" of animation studios that aren't Disney for the whole "underdog… 
Watching one of my favorite movies, Top Gun! 
#Movie "Fourplay" (2012) 
A new movie was added to the media server:High Life (2019) [H264 · 720p · R · 6.7/10] is now available in the Movi… 
How is it that in TV / movies every teenager always has everyone in the school's phone number? 
We haven't been scared in a long time. Does #PetSematary deliver? Find out for your 
this time next week i’ll be in the movies watching endgame wIG 
I loveee good movies that be having me stuck 
i kinda miss having someone to see movies with 
Expect to see the film a bit earlier than before. 
Have you watched any of the Mission Impossible movies? I love action movies and you get a lot of action i… 
HBO not ever gnna give it out. U can get a hacked firestick thats give u all cable channels and on… 
NEW Underrated Horror Movie Gems On NETFLIX You Need To See [Video - Feb 2018] #horror: Like me, you cannot get eno… 
Throwback Thursday: Crimson Peak (2015) #movie #throwback #horror: Guillermo del Toro and Legendary Pictures are br… 
These are the most underrated movies 
Before I go after warner bros for ruining movies by not allowing directors to shoot their vision. Let's go back to… 
Jonas Mekas, a filmmaker, curator, archivist, critic and all-around evangelist for independently made movies, died.… 
Bobby movies closes right when ya open it.  
Disney pulls plug on Fox's Wes Ball-directed MOUSE GUARD movie two weeks from planned production start; producers s… 
Dating apps are a mindfuck. My friend just replied to this girl that he enjoys food, video games, movies, etc. She… 
I rewatched it yesterday and... GDT really made the fantasy come alive, huh Did u ever read the comics… 
I want to go to the movies :/ I'm bored 
Fuck talmbout movies let’s make one 
Just wanted to say thanks for your efforts in promoting #AudioDescription with #KnowYourNarrator. As… 
his movies are so fucking kinky. not quite to the degree jojo’s is, where it feels like you’re watching… 
Zack isn't the first one to feature collate… 
Cover me, I'm going in to watch my fav movie 'About Time'. I'll be a sobbing mess soon #movies #abouttime 
Seraph of the End has been a lot of fun (and on Hulu). As far as movies, I’m still in awe of Your Na… 
2 or 3 movies could be left off 
Rest in Peace, Cpl. Carlos E. Ferguson. Thank you for your service. you and your comr… 
Whoever has my HBO login: you can keep it, just tell me why you watched all the Alpha and Omega movies and have nev… 
I agree 110%. Both were fun movies however Aquaman had way more depth to it. 
Watching movies like V for Vendetta and Wanted reminds me of my D&amp;D buddies from high school and how we'd try to gi… 
okay but like when are they gonna put all the bring it on movies back on 
sex is overrated...watch nerd movies with me while simultaneously doing our lab reports 
Streaming Movie Review: Beyoncé the Creator: ‘Homecoming’ Review - 
You and need talk movies sometime. 
Repeats of Frozen for over 3 years, from my granddaughter, made all other movies seem a delight. 
I have cable but never watch anything but MSNBC. I watch Nat Geo a lot and Travel channe… 
Old movies make me nostalgic for walking through airports smoking Benson &amp; Hedges 120 while packing a chrome 1911.… 
Things can be awful and fun, Ed. Disaster movies. Star Wars. Even Ki… 
Watch all the marvel movies to ensure you up to speed on everything even ant man and the wasp 
Okay soooo thx to school I got super behind on my #Marvel binge and I just finished #Avengers  The Dark World is u… 
Heck, a bunch of newer Netflix is full on SJW and just bad shows/movies. The comedians are horrible. 
Marvel Movie #13: Ant-Man. One of the best Marvel movies. #dontgetrevengeonmenerd #avengersendgame #antman 
Having extensive firearm experience, I appreciate when movies go the extra mile to depict firearms han… 
"Ad:" Funko Pop! Movies: Rocky Horror Picture Show - Magenta #213 NIB cZ  FlyingTreasures 
I need some movies to watch  
one actor without his head up his ass i have  always liked him since his youth and love his movies a great actor an… 
Netflix I have a new invention and a great and more effective will increase the participation of films Thi… 
I don’t think that’s crazy but these are like the only movies I go to a theater for. I’m on twitter way… 
"American Sniper" and 4 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
COCO IS STILL ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES EVER 
Ha I said something similar to my teenage son.  I said I wished it was like all the superhero movi… 
Our double feature review is coming your way!!! Tomorrow morning download our minisode where we review… 
They are all employed as extras in the zombie shows and movies.  The entertainment industry knew they didn’t have to train them. 
This looks wonderfully chaotic. Can't wait! #theboys #movies #getsome 
Let's just say Thanos better watch out. 
I love that part of the AntMan movies. There are no mean step-parents, just 3 people raising a kid and making it work. 
You just can't hear the Miranda Rights in every procedural drama every week for decades on end and buy into the not… 
Top 10 Horror Movies on Netflix (March 2018) | Best Horror Movies on Netflix 2018 Video #horror: Every one of these… 
1.Raimi Trilogy 2.Shrek 3.Toy Story 4.Buton Batman Movies 
Eh, this doesn't bother me. It is weird but there's tons of stuff like this in movies and comics. 
Science always destroys fantasies.For example, Van Gogh's mental illness has always been romanticized in movies. I… 
Watching airport scenes in older movies is a cool reminder that there was a time before we had to assume a measurea… 
What's the longest you've gone without sleep (and why)? — About 49 hours? I was going through a spell where I was h… 
5 Vampire Movies I LikeNosferatu (1922)Blacula (1972)The Hunger (1983)Bram Stoker's Dracula (1992)Let the Rig… 
Re-watching all of the avenger movies in preparation for the final one.  Guys....it turns out the hidden scenes hav… 
Is it sad that watching Nightmare on Elm St. movies comforts him more than me....Im suppose to be the man of his dr… 
Love the original 3 and the animated TMNT. Never seen the Bay movies. 
To the girl that’s read more romance novels &amp; watched more romance movies than anyone I know, I really hope you get… 
It's not stupid to you and others but to me we have too much violence in reality and I don't need to… 
NosferatuDracula: Dead and Loving itDracula (with Keanu)....I've only seen those 3 vampire movies. 
netflix get better movies challenge 
Wow, she's a sick puppy for sure! I believe she's been desensitized and I don't think it was from wa… 
It should be illegal for adult swim to shows commercials for scary movies. I’m just trying to watch family guy not have nightmares 
People tend to adopt the beliefs and expectations about romance they see portrayed on TV or in the movies.#ImfuckedIlovehorrorstoomuch 
check this great podcast of about transgender representation i… 
I can't do horror or animal movies. Will not watch! 
The only movies Hollywood makes anymore other than comic book movies are gigantic-budget reworking of shit absolute… 
5 hour bus trip to my parents’, time to watch as many horror movies as I can 
Remember that guy who posted in the UNI class of 2019 Facebook page the summer before our freshman year invited eve… 
This guy has serious anger issues. I have not watched one of his movies in… 
bourbon makes movies better, rightpretty sure I heard that somewhere 
Can't be done on Twitter. Probably need to settle this in a bracket challenge. Starting with 64 movie… 
someone come over and watch movies with me while we get fat together 
“Fascinating, arresting, and beautifully hypnotic.” (Time Out New York) opens Friday in #Minneapolis… 
you are amazing! I’ve seen all your movies! I can’t stop watching!  
But Harry himself is almost incidental to my estimation of the film’s politics. It’s not merely its hero that’s fas… 
Kick back and relax. Watch some comedy shows/movies, it helps. Tucker and Dale vs Evil, hilarious! 
It’s a great excuse. Movies rule  
Watch After (2019) Full Movie ONline Streaming Uncut on 123moviesPLAYING NOW!+++      +++WATCH in HD Qua… 
14 movies down. 7 to go. #Endgame 
"Music from the Movies" concert from last Wednesday. It was awesome collaborating with Fort Scott and Neosho County… 
I like how much is actually a nerd. She’s so passionate about different fandoms whether is be movies… 
The technological singularity is upon us everyone, we always thought movies like the Terminator to… 
Ah, the glorious pixel art of yesteryear. And our first 3D movies I believe. Sousa, Ber… 
Green street hooligans charlie hunnam (jax from sons of anarchy) it was one of his first movies with el… 
CDs games and movies we made a killing on that.. lol. 
Oh wow! Ummm...reasons not to buy it.1. Just buy it.2.what are you doing? You should probably buy it… 
#31DayCinemaChallenge4. Least Favorite Director: Man, I hate to single out like that...Uwe Bol. The guy is profan… 
#Movie "Tailgate" (2015) 
Hollywood has done that forever, growing up as a kid in the 80s I thought all actors were British bec… 
The 1st 2 Shaft movies and Good Times 
I watched La Belle et la Bete for the first time and it's easily in my favorite movies list and definitely my favor… 
I thought it was eh. Marvel seems to be better at making movies, but DC have better games. 
mondoweiss publishes what's called pallywood... Made up movies. The first had the dead… 
I was just watching one of his movies. Tf? 
Release date for live-action DORA THE EXPLORER movie DORA AND THE LOST CITY OF GOLD moves up two days to Wednesday,… 
There’s stuff like Kanopy for movies, Hoopla or ?? for audiobooks, Overdrive… I’m not sure what you’re asking. 
I’m not a Snyder apologist but I also recognize that he made Watchmen and Man of Steel for DC. Two exce… 
Mary Kate and Ashley movies are coming to Hulu never talk to me again 
This week on *Soundtracks* with Gary Boughen  Back by popular demand... One of the most iconic movies of the eigh… 
The Golden Compass it was one of my favorite movies as a kid plus brother bear! 
I’m just trying to lay in bed watching movies all night with my boo 
Did you get your idea of men from movies? No one said that. At all. 
There are not many things I know for sure, but here are some of those things:1. I am a gay space nerd. 2. I lov… 
Jacqueline Fernandez Shares New Quirky Fitness Regime with Fans on Instagram 
My 12yo &amp; I both loved that movie. Such a solid throwback to the 70's/80's kid adventure movies I grew… 
I have House of Wax in 3D! He was great in so many movies ~ 10 Commandments even! 
Thunderstorms and movies with my dude &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; this god forsaken book design project 
Like you, I don’t like to see dogs andrew cats that are killed in movies. I wouldn’t want to watch thos… 
You just confirmed that 20% of the people possess 80% of the intelligence and productivity.… 
Yes we do, spontaneous trips to the city, ice cream shops/arcades , movies , board game nights, frisbeeing, 
Top 10 WORST Horror Movie Remakes #horror: These disappointing horror movie remakes are some of the worst horror mo… 
Throwback Thursday: New Nightmare (1994) Movie #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A demonic force has chosen Fred… 
Petition to have actions movies stop using 100 cuts per 15s sequence. We need better choreography and directing and less edits 
The list has been selectively culled down a bit now because I’m finally thinking a little more rationally after wat… 
Don’t know about you all but I could live without seeing any of their movies and still be happy and if t… 
There are so many good movies coming out this year and I can’t wait to see all of them  
Have they even seen these movies? Wtf. :S Let’s see what the rest vote for. It’s a yes from me. 
You and #Barr sound ridiculous talking about 'SPYING'! Too many movies maybe? 
I love watching movies with my dad. 
This rain is that lay up and watch movies type of night.. to bad I don’t got nobody to do that with 
If your art/music/movies/any creative effort is merely a reflection of the present reality of the world at large, i… 
I feel like I should of started this awhile ago but I'm finally starting to rewatch all the Marvel Movies in order. 
I said I was going to watch all of the Marvel movies in order last summer and never did, but I’m going to watch End… 
Does anybody like to hear the sound of trains at night? As a kid, many nights in nightmares after watching the late… 
Something I love and cherish are musicals, whether they are movies or live. 
We’ll also watch scary movies without you. 
This is going to be so much better than the original movies and tv series. Can’t wait to see Jason Voorhees take ov… 
Despite Russell Crowe's performance being lackluster the Les Miserables movie is one of my all-time favorite movies forever 
100 days / 100 movies. Day 5. Wrap your testicles around this one. 
This is #1 on my top five movies of all time 
if you guys want to become 1 Digital Service. Ok but Please don't get… 
Queen Latifah had an amazing sex scene with a gorgeous man on #STARonfox. She might be the only fat actress who has… 
Every time I rewatch Age of Ultron, it gets better. Joss Whedon really knew how to make fun Avengers movies. 
In a swarm of bad zombie movies, that one is pure gold. Love it. 
I'd go on, but I don't feel that #ClintEastwood #movies #film 
Top story: ‘X-Men: Dark Phoenix’: Sophie Turner Savors Mutant Powers in Trailer – Rolling Stone… 
Rights of the accused get vomited by our whinging rapist/serial sniper upon apprehension, and the film treats Miran… 
Digital HD Movies: Into the Wild, Cheech and Chong's Up In Smoke, Clue, Tommy Boy $4.99 Each &amp; More Amazon 
G, grateful for: MusicL, learned: Chords to a songA, accomplished: Wrote out some rough lyricsD, delighted in: W… 
I’m glad you’re enjoying Build!! Idk if anyone’s told you yet but there’s two movies in the timeline… 
Took me a while too Cori. Those movies that are so bad that you can’t stop watching,… 
Kick back, relax and watch a movie under the stars for FREE at Oracle Boulevard this Easter long weekend! On Sunday… 
GMA is the new HBO / Fox Movies HAHAHAHAHA 
I would love to audition for your Movies. I have some acting under my belt.  Please provide me with… 
Whoever made these Wedding Party movies, kudos to you. The Drama. LOL!! #TheWeddingParty #TheWeddingParty2 #Nollywood 
B-movies are the best movies to watch. 
Dilettantes of film history wax poetic about the aesthetic achievements of Nazi propagandists like Leni Riefenstahl… 
Fucking lol, the potterhead and shazam avi talking about “not knowing more movies” 
You’re a bully. Nerdy guys are nothing new, you’re just finding an excuse to pick on somebody who doesn’t look ster… 
Ive see that movie tons when I was a kid but can’t remember all those people’s names in m… 
Well, that's a shame. 
Movies of the night 
if dazed &amp; confused isn’t at least on your top 5 list of fav movies, chances are i don’t trust u 
Can't put into words how much I enjoyed this movie, it felt so nostalgic but also so fresh and new. It was an amazi… 
Have there ever been any books that were made into movies that were better than the actual books themselves? At l…… 
this and beaches were the only movies i watched for like 2yrs straight 
Both of these movies are excellent and make me very excited about what they might bring to the MCU. 
You’ve avoided the Jurassic World movies? Nice work. 
Finn and Poe: a lovers story 3 movies and merchandise 
Olivia Wilde Wanted to See a Buddy Comedy About Female Friendship, So She Directed One (Set Visit) - Entertainment… 
This is one of my favorite movies . . 
Interesting insight on why #Vancouver never plays itself in movies or TV.  
One of William Holden's final movies was called 'The Earthling' (1980) which didn't do well in the theaters, but fo… 
We need more movies like superbad in 2019. 
Spanish movies are just a whole next level of intense  
Ummm.... Movies with space marines or space soldiers.... Feel like there should be a lot more...Space Marine Movi… 
Why isn't Netflix showing all marvel movies dude?????? 
Fun new retrospective trailer -- no new #AvengersEndgame footage, which is 100% fine with me. What an amazing fun t… 
Have we not learned anything from all of these zombie shows/movies? C'mon,  science! Slow your roll! 
Tommy Boy still has to be one of the best comedy movies to this day  
Shatru bhai with due respect did u touch the feet of italian bar maid....did u daught… 
I could see it, but a regular version le… 
Thor: The Dark World is the least of the MCU movies 
Yeah, even coming to this as if I never owned a single X… 
Well, she said super hero movies too. But yeah, Star Wars is fine, but it's not like a life changing event 
I love this channel. One day I am going to write for them. I enjoy the movies and the love the share in t… 
I couldn't agree more.  This was one of the most heartwarming movies I've seen in some time.  This… 
My mother said I'm too romanticShe said, "You're dancing in the movies"I almost started to believe herThen I saw… 
Watching The Silence.Usually I don’t watch scary movies alone but it seems interesting enough for me to make an exception. 
#MadWed  I have watched worse movies. Much worse.    
Momento de movies on line. 
I’m just guessing. I know movies get special tax incentives in some states… 
there are at least two dozen movies about why this is a bad idea 
My question is of all the movies Disney has funded, why is obsessed with Disney princesses?  Is there a… 
Am I the only person who liked Interstellar and disliked all the Nolan Batman movies? 
#Movie "The Prey" (2008) 
Seriously mr.wight you need to do more movies you would be a great a-list actor you can do any type… 
I cried during both this and Endgame trailers, but that doesn’t make me “undateable” just because it’s something I… 
Ok nvm I’m a sobbing mess now  why is it that all my favorite characters diE in anime books and movies omfg I can’t… 
Do you ever just take your phone to watch movies while you soak in a bubble bath and watch romantic comedies and ba… 
Damn. The first 20 minutes of Bumblebee is infinite times better than the last like 4 Transformer movies combined. 
The CGI is getting unbelievably good in these MCU movies. I mean look at that broom. 
just a psa,when is selling out stadiums&amp;shit I’m still gonna tweet when I hear their song on the ra… 
Ok but I might convert into a Maverick if Logan Paul keeps up with the "movies" because goddamn do i love it. 
This week on the BCC podcast we start by taking a look at the set images for the new release of the LEGO Tantive IV… 
If you didn’t appreciate rock n roll before all of these movies came out you’re a poser.  
80s teen movies are so deceiving 
Boys who see relationships like movies are so funny lmao y’all gonna get fucked over so many times cus you’re naive… 
Cuddles &amp; movies with my babies 
Two is always better than one - See #SHAZAM! again! Get tickets now: #MakeItICONIC 
Best news we've heard all week. 
For not watching a lot of actual Disney movies as a kid (Pixar was what I grew up on), I know a lot of Disney songs. Thanks Disney mania! 
In for the night and in the mood for a scary movie? Vox’s Isaac Carmichael reviewed the new adaptation of Stephen K… 
The Raptors weren't the Antagonists in World by Design, there was three movies about that a… 
I don’t like movies where children and animals die or are evil 
Movies don’t have enough scenes where one half of a couple determines the other has enough battery life and takes over the phone charger. 
I think they did that order just because Endgame is taking place right after Infinity War. I’d just put In… 
One of the funniest movies of all time 
I look at Polygon but their coverage isn’t my favorite; too much movies conversation for me. 
Beside the several really cringeworthy things, I actually liked first two movies.. third was shit.… 
As Disney+ enters the streaming landscape, here's a guide for where to find your favorite movies and shows 
The Sandlot Artwork #Movies #TV 
ooooh i'm off too!! come over and we can watch movies and drink hot chocolate all day 
I'm glad I discovered you. I followed.  Thanks for sending out my presentation link. I'm always u… 
"Star Wars and superhero movies have given rise to a culture of undateable men."Fuck yeah didn't need anyone to s… 
just finished rewatching #TheRitual, I need to find new #horror movies to watch on #Netflix. 
If Doctor Strange, Captain Marvel, Black Panther and other movies with a second installation coming in do half as w… 
Universal Studios Hollywood's Jurassic World ride 'just got real' 
Spring for the free month of Shudder (I think Shudder is a great deal, btw, if you keep it past 30… 
A2) scary movies - Coraline #AMCWTC 
We should totally call out people who are toxic with fandom culture. To the girl who simply told me I wa… 
I wonder if you can reintroduce memories via photos and movies? I know it isn't the same t… 
Movies about friendships between women...and one or both of them dies. So ALL girl buddy movies. F that shizz, man... 
I can’t wait for the movies update when is it coming? (Praying that I don’t get a “soon”) 
So many good movies listed that I would have said:Christmas Vacation (#1!)Princess BrideWayne's Wo… 
He is correct. Someone please show these so-called scientists some books and movies about zombies please. If the… 
I do it by author. Just like I go by seasons on my movies. Or alphabetical. 
#IndieWire digged through the release calendar and found the 42 movies moviegoers absolutely can’t miss this summer. 
Some lineless fun before heading out to the movies. #linelessart #digitalart#anthropomorphic #anthroart #furry… 
The plot of #After, a teen romance based on One Direction fan-fiction, recreated with reviews via 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_14 
I don't know what his movies are but this quiz made me realize how boring I am. 
Also, what idiot she is to even compare herself to Tom Cruise. The dude is crazy and he does the most d… 
U knw I knw all the movies stop playing 
That's pretty much how I respond to those particular Star Wars movies.  
It makes me wish that behind the scenes footage was more accessible and popular to watch. To see all the hard work… 
BUT IT WAS AN EVEN PRETTIER GIRL. LIKE. IN THE MOVIES. AND SHE SMELLED GOOD 
If you like movies. It's a great show. I strongly recommend their Harr… 
#EasterBunnySideGigs Making Movies, My name is Bugs!!! 
I'm sorry, I don't know what the time translates to in Australia, but I can say the 10p is in 30 minutes (o… 
You're right about that but you gotta consider outcomes and the win-win in som… 
Watch #Online &amp; #Download Premium New #movies FreeClick : 
I love EAP.  I read his stories as a kid, and read them to my children when they were old en… 
The Silence might have been one of the dumbest movies I’ve seen in a while. 
The perfect companion for Game of Thrones is not a sword , it's this map! 
The new X-Men movie looks like the old X-Men movies: shitty 
Movies are written by the directors as the actors perform. 
I’m just naming movies 
That’s what’s up!! You should be hyped to watch your favorite movies/shows! People who judge others for sho… 
Like, legit I just want to live with you all - with space for our own stuff - and cook dinner and… 
#Starshiptroopers is in my top 3 rewatchable Sci Fi movies. Love it and I watch it at least once a year. 
Thoughts become things, so be aware of what you are creating with those mind movies. Positivity matters!… 
Oh man, I love and hate those kinds of movies. 
I still haven't went back and watched all of the Marvel movies yet. I'm running out of time I got a cheat sheet though lol. 
"Synecdoche, New York" would be my top pick that I think would qualify. "The Iron Giant" could work… 
Beyoncé the Creator: ‘Homecoming’ Review 
Rewatching all the movies before endgame  
Movies spend tens of millions of dollars on special effects and still can't come up with a fight scene as fun and c… 
Things Get Creepy in the New Legends of Tomorrow Episode 4.11 Promo - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Cedar Rapids is one of the best movies nobodies seen and it’s a shame. #top5top5top5 
I don't think I've seen any of these movies. 
The production behind these nature movies are INSANE... in fuckin sane 
Spy Kids is on and i just got a memory from when i went to movies in 2001 that i was by Alexa Vega fascinated (crus… 
We won’t watch these movies but I’ll still take the applications 
All I do is watch shitty movies and kick everyone’s ass in Smash Bros nowadays 
Dear Hollywood,“The math checks out” and its various forms are banned from movies from now on.Sincerely,A professional mathematician 
If I can’t watch nature movies/shows with u... I don’t want it 
I hope that in 10 years it will be as passé to have a car chase in a movie as it is to smoke in movies today. 
Proper closure anyone? Yes? No? Maybe? 
One of my favorite movies from last year. I'm surprised it didn't get more love. 
A still, for sure. I'd like to see some silent movies. What's your address? 
I ain't gonna lie, after work I bought my kids Burger King and sat on the couch to watch Movies. Idc.. I'm having a lazy day today. 
Disney Sets Release Dates For 'Frozen 2,' 'Lion King,' and More 
Lion King remake: Everything you need to know 
Why are you not making movies? 
Scooby Doo's new design for S.C.O.O.B. (2020) #Movies #TV 
What Follows 'It Follows'? David Robert Mitchell on his ambitious, divisive, long-awaited new movie, 'Under the Sil… 
Amazing Fruit gummy bears!!Zero candy bars (I think they brought them back)Jolly Rancher cinnamon… 
I watched JL Ranch so many times it's hands down one of my all time favorite… 
Hey  #3rdchat friends! Ashleigh here from KS. I love the Pitch Perfect movies!! 
Charlize Theron and Oscar Isaac Get Spooky in ‘The Addams Family’ First Trailer (Video) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Barn doors in the dark at night. I saw too many Friday the 13th movies when younger 
I think it's one of the best movies ever made! You will love it! 
From what I've seen of other interviews, the avengers cast rib each other alot. Hemsworth was trying to… 
This seals it - late summer roadtrip to Milwaukee and Chicago, with stops at the jelly belly warehouse, the cheese… 
Saw movies but instead of dying everyone gets to have sex with eachother and nobody dies or gets hurt and it’s actually just an orgy porn. 
This is a class c motor home or #rv that is driving from Monument Valley, Utah.  It is on a road that leads from th… 
Getting closer and closer to that time of year when we get to brush up on one of the greatest movies of all time. 
I don’t like scary movies &amp; what about it  
I have a weird preference for watching TV and movies I’ve already seen. 
I went to the movies the other day. $19 for one ticket. I said, ahh no. 
Why there were three Hangover movies I'll never know. 
Our whole website is called That’s Normal ... for when you do super obsessive weird stuff about do… 
I honestly wonder how much the difference boils down to Notre Dame featuring in a Disney movie.  Amer… 
Robert DeNiro on the set between takes. Great shot!#sopranos #thegodfather #godfather #goodfellas #mafia… 
Netflix Christmas movies give me life even if it’s April  
I’m claustrophobic, so I won’t watch movies where everyone’s stuck in a submarine. No thanks. 
Who are these people never heard of them they make make-believe movies don't plan on watching any of them 
Cyber Spying isn’t just the stuff of movies—it’s a real threat. See how our is helping defend top… 
It is crazy how no one who likes his movies thinks oh wait that's me and I do. 
So I question whether or not the need for a disc drive on the Xbox is really necessary. I'm not saying I haven't… 
Even with all this said, I am unquestionably excited for Endgame. Having watched all the Marvel movies since I was… 
and his character ark. Keep in mind that this is all coming from someone who still thinks Hawkeye is an absolute ba… 
misuse of him in the first Avengers movie. Not to say that Hawkeye hasn’t had some absolutely mesmerizing parts in… 
I completely agree with you. But I also hate movies that can't get continuity straight. Whether its tim… 
Hawkeye is, always has been, and always will be my favorite superhero. No competition. The movies have failed to re… 
Bye Bye Chris, I am cutting ties with the avengers movies... 
I literally had to drive out of my way to a store that had a copy that would exchange it for me, opted for a refund… 
I'm a huge Marvel fan.  There will be movies coming out without her.I'm just planning… 
TODAY - Get fired up because is now playing! Reserve your seats: 
Manic Movies | Ep. 31 Ant Man and The Wasp (2018) Review via 
I would say #ThorRagnarok is among the top 3 of best marvel movies! Endgame being on top and civil war second 
Honestly. I be at the movies almost every weekend by myself and I enjoy it. 
My favorite ship dynamic is Rick and Evelyn O'Connell from the Mummy movies.Especially in the Mummy Returns. 
is Henry into superhero movies or video games? 
Scripting was how we first started really communicating with kiddowe'd exchange phrases from belo… 
I'll be checking this out, I've been a fan of Jemaine Clement since the Flight of the Conchords HBO spec… 
Can I just say Ryan Gosling doesn't have a new movie coming out and I haven't even heard of movies he's signed onto, I'M DISTRESSED. 
One of My favorite movies 
At least we got a few decent movies out of her before she went all Brie-Larson-sellout. 
Lol sorry i dont watch movies i was the kid poopin during recess and sneaking around in everyones… 
Ha! Gauging level of sarcasm... ... unsure... the word influence is used way too much these days.… 
Marvel movies are just okay. 
Don't.  You don't need to see it for Endgame.  Wait for the Blu-Ray or skip it completely. W… 
I’m the kind of person who doesn’t like to watch movies trailers 
It's almost the end of the line for Cap. 
I HATE watching movies or shows without subtitles 
But those disappointing movies suck and have nothing to do with any of the original canonical material... 
I really love both of those movies..... 
If you're into horror movies and gore hit me up. I'll send you pics of me after shaving drunk. 
Goodnight. Keep fighting. Be brave. If you go to the movies to escape from reality, they benefit you for two hours.… 
We can.If you thought it would take one try and we would win easily and clean you have bee… 
i just want a bf that likes super hero movies as much as me  
#Loki is and will forever be my favorite Marvel character (comics and movies). #Loki  4ever! 
Wonder Woman is one of the best superhero movies of all time, but its completely ruined by being in the DC cinematic universe 
I don’t know who needs to hear this but the shows and movies in your list won’t watch themselves 
REVIEW: #JusticeLeague vs. The Fatal Five is best JL film since Crisis on Two Earths - 
Seen all their movies 
Tessa Thompson Says Thor 4's In The Works, Taika Waititi Could Return - 
- "Just back it up."- Cross's death is one of the most disturbing in Marvel movies- We have Ant-Man to thank for… 
‘Killing Eve’ Ratings Kill It With Season 2 Simulcast Debut On BBCA &amp; AMC - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Remembering William HoldenApril 17, 1918 ~ November 12, 1981Sharing my tweets collection from his 100th birthday… 
You’ve seen in movies &amp; pictures, but there’s nothing quite like standing near this astounding geolo… 
is SO worth the money! New shows and movies. A wonderful library of comics, series, movies. Check it… 
ive seen sage in horror movies and stuff  but good that means it hipped some folk , permanently or some temporary 
My main hair insecurities come from Disney movies and 
This is a class c #motorhome or RV that is driving into Monument Valley, Utah.  It is on a road that leads from the… 
I now realize it’s gotta have equal weight.  Meal prep Sunday morning?  Non-negotiable.  8:00-12:00 Sund… 
#StarWars Legend Mark Hamill Says Disney Can't Fire Him For Trolling His Fans - 
Suspiria is probably one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen 
Movies buenas en Netflix? 
I actually enjoyed both Rogue One and Solo.I think that comes fr… 
My wife is watching "I am Sam" and is clearly deeply moved by the movie, and I cannot stop cringing as it's clearly… 
#Movie "Cherry Hill High" (1977) 
Do you think outdated "freedom of speech" applies to radio, TV, movies, and the Internet of ju… 
You can't be a leader of the most powerful nation to every exist and then pass laws on "… 
Keanu Reeves On His ’90s Rock Group Dogstar: “I Guess It Would Have Helped If Our Band Was Better” - Stereogum… 
Here's everything that's coming to (and leaving) in May 2019: 
It's time to take it all back. 
There are too many movies out I wanna see.. 
Going to… 
***DVD MOVIES***Prices are 3 for $10 Only.((Temporary)) 
Maybe she can star in adult movies. 
cuddle and watch movies type weather frrrrrr  
I just done.. though i am huge fan of koniedela kings......and i equally liked all three movies... but… 
I love games and streaming but I kinda just want to sit here and watch movies all night and eat salad. 
Seems i'm gonna watch movies again since i cant sleep 
Hey Twitter, I’m looking for a new laptop can you recommend anything? Would like it to be light and not too expensi… 
I'm almost 50 and my kids (who range from 12 to 22) love some of the 80s movies like Back to the Fu… 
Just watched “A Wrinkle In Time” with my 9yo. There is nothing like having her half-Tamil self grow up in a world w… 
THEY LISTENED 
anyone care to share so that i may online view...cause hell no not paying for a directv link which this being the o… 
You can tell I grew up watching Don Bluth movies, have a cute mouse waitress#digitalart #digitalartist #anthro… 
After you check out the newest episode head to the bracket I made and vote, the movie with the most votes will move… 
I love paying $120 for MLB,tv and then being forced to sit through commercials for shit movies during live game pla… 
Lol yeah DC movies have been kind of lacking, imo. Wonder Woman was incredible. Nolan’s Batman. Other than that... 
Kalank Budget &amp; Day 1st Box Office Collection via News Update | Movies News,Bollywood Movies News,Latest News 
Do you like the “Back to the Future” movies ? This Friday night the most popular #Dj will Be Live… 
Bruh they got 8AM movies for Avengers.....I fucks with AMC 
Iron Man 2: The use of Whiplash and the casting of Mickey Rourke always seemed a bit off to me. Still I like the Ph… 
Happy 60th Birthday to Sean Bean! The actor who played Alec Trevelyan in GoldenEye, Boromir in The Lord of the Ring… 
Anyone wanna go to the movies with me? I’m trying to distract myself. 
There’s 6 playable games and 3 cinematic movies. 
The Winter Soldier: HERE. WE. GO. This is such a landmark movie for the franchise. I hope the Russos, Markus, and M… 
Sooooo I LOVE going to the movies but this will drastically change my experience now  
DVD Lot Disney American Girl and Children’s Movies 
It’s sad as hell, but it’s one of my favorite Disney movies 
I play movies on my xbox so I need a disk drive. 
NIGHT OF THE COMET is the HALLOWEEN III of apocalypse movies 
The Rider was my favorite film last year and I saw some great movies! 
Kevin Smith Thinks #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Might Introduce A New Religion - 
Happy birthday to for creative some of my all time favorite movies! You’re one of the most talented di… 
Straight out of Minority Report, one of the better SF movies ever.  (They used eye retina reading for t… 
the music and the visuals are really the only good things about the cars movies 
King of Prism: Seven Shiny Stars has been added to the list, along with its previous movies. It will be... 
oh yeah definitely! they're like watching those Barbie animated movies, like watching dolls talk to e… 
Just been watching all the movies again and most of them have massive odd things in them. 
James Wan update! DC Universe shuts down Swamp Thing series! 
You an actress? Wow! Then which of your "so called" movies has ever being hyped? #sharaapaunty 
Spider man: into the spider verse has got to be one of my fav animated movies 
Me and steelo been chilling watching movies all day.....#bored #nofriends #a1 
I. AM. READY. 
I've spent a lot of money over the years for your work. From Tsubasa Chronicles, FMA and Brotherhood including ALL… 
Check out the new movies coming out with the new GOT POD #podcastmo #mopodcasts #Missouri 
If Trump &amp; his accomplices don't have to obey the law then neither does anyone else. So, nothing's… 
"The Grand Budapest Hotel" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
I also really hate the "look" of all the 3D disney princess movies I think they're going to be very d… 
They give movies incentives to film in NM, wonder if we can get some porn being made out here? Purely selfish intentions!! Lol 
New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot Reflects On Cap's Journey - 
So out of 20 some odd movies it is the 3rd worst?  
Why not....I've watched the "Faces of Death" movies! 
Six movies about you plus a cool cameo in another plus your mask in another really isn’t enough? Really? 
This really is my dad though lol. When I studied in Quebec for a month he got his passport removed bc he was convin… 
Do you like gladiator movies, Stevie? 
how can I download your software or sign up for a online corse I have movies that I want to get made. 
The best character to come out of the Fantastic Beast movies is Jacob Kowolski.  Hagrid is my main ma… 
Easter themed placemat for the Big Kahuna, burger shop in São Paulo (Brazil) inspired by the Tarantino's movies. Ch… 
also, imma watch barbie movies 
I don’t get why Family Guy being on Freeform is so weird for some people. It’s not Disney Channel. Fre… 
Well she was preceded by her comments about the straight white male demographic which she addressed directl… 
Sooooo I’m in one of my film classes and we are watching clips of movies from people presenting today! My type of class  #sammieeounstudys 
I don’t like horror movies but I will go see one if my crush asked me to!! 
I don’t mind him working in TV or movies. But he should be prosecuted for his crime. Period. 
We need more black college movies. 
just fyi, i don't talk about spoilers for movies, until a month has passed of that movie being released.  this also… 
Playing another bad guy ? I only watch movies you are in where you are playing a good guy. Think Like… 
Oh my gosh I’m the same way! Well... with the more classic Disney movies anyway. Anything after Toy… 
#WritingCommunity #Writerscommunity What book (or movie) was better in its sequel? What books (or movies) do you have but love the second? 
Oh my gosh!!! Same!!! Aren’t we just the WORST?! Especially movies with songs  I will belt that sh… 
Classic movies rock.  
I feel like a lot of the LGBT community is pushing for am equal 50/50 representation of gays and straights in media… 
Finally, I can watch movies again 
you notice how the black people in scary movies show the most intellect but always die? our knowledge is TOO powerf… 
Fucking amen!!! Me having to be orange for over a week is insanity. I have to go in public and to the mov… 
Lol ha.a DC movies  
Haha. Eeeew! Seeing his sex tapes and tRump’s pee tapes would be horror movies.  
Seeing DisneyNature's Penguins in IMAX! Always see DisneyNature films at least once opening week to support the c… 
“How Paul McCartney nearly made a Rupert The Bear movie” • |YAHOO! Sports| 
I love your font and colors but not the carousel horse. Carousels can be uber creepy though so I def… 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Little Woods’ Review: Tessa Thompson Saves Down-and-Out-in-U.S.A. Drama 
should be in the live remake of Aladdin, Rosanna… 
Or watching movies in general (they actually exist) 
In Search of Darkness trailer mashes up iconic horror moments 
snacks and movies.. — eating fruitsalad 
The guy appears in a couple lousy movies and suddenly he’s another celebrity genius who thinks we sho… 
Life Lessons from Elizabeth Taylor on Men, Sex, Food and Thanksgiving 
‘Killing Eve’ Season 2 Premiere Is Show’s Most-Watched Episode - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Movies Downloading But Not Showing Up in Plex 
No need to complain tbh, her comic are gonna see some uptick cuz of the movies but still do what they alway… 
This is one of my favorite movies 
Walk out of the room with this playing and now my roommate thinks I'm a closet weeb. (good thing he hasn't found… 
OMG OMG OMG...  is now playing!  Get tickets now: #MakeItICONIC 
any other options to download IOS coto movies??? Please send me a link 
Welcome to the Gladstone Regional Council’s Autumn Events Guide – your source for exciting events for all-ages acro… 
Any other option to download Bobby movies please send me a link 
I'm apart of this podcast with coworkers where we discuss movies. We are currently chatting about Godzilla movies.… 
Here's everything that's coming to (and leaving) Amazon Prime Video in May 2019: 
i LOVE disney channel original movies. 
I love laika but yetis movies are not my cup of tea, is it worth it? 
Yes, women are attracted to wealth and power (social status). I… 
Whoever rates films at IMDB doesn't like good B movies like us. Who cares about their rating, we don't like their 1… 
when do we do a national work stoppage? no shopping movies. marches haven't done squat. afraid votin… 
Do you guys miss me in movies yes or no 
On the way home from the movies there was a rainbow in the clouds. I love rainbows &amp; I rarely get to see one lol :)… 
Gonna miss you guys on Avengers! Hope see you soon on screen in amazing movies ahead  
it's not at all surprising that so many body horror movies have strong pregnancy themes 
I’m at least finding a bunch of DVDs of movies I used to watch. 
Wait a min how many times have Anglo stars played Latino bad men or women in the movie… 
Split is honestly one of my favorite movies of all time. 
GOT FANSDo I have your attention!!!!I have just created your bucket list for you.Locations used for fil… 
In heaven I want a remake of all the Harry Potter movies but with the original Dumbledore 
Has he done songs for different movies within the same year? 
Bruh. They're saying DCU doesn't have a deep library of comics and pages for every character with… 
Stop sending lettersLetters always get burnedIt's not like the moviesThey fed us on little white liesI think y… 
And there is a info panel for each character with comics, shows, and movie… 
And the girls are in the living room watching a movie and ones trying not to cry “GOD I HATE THIS PART IT ALWAYS GE… 
He was the only reason I looked forward to these movies 
#21filmsfinished Captain America: Civil War (2015)One of the bestMCU movies. Good plot. T'Challa! Good action. Pau… 
I know how self-centered this must sound, but sometimes I find I get bored with anything other tha… 
It was essentially another dimension that yui’s brother experimented with in order to create the riders.… 
It’s not are fault that cargo pants feel so good wearing to the movies to watch Star Wars 
Car ride to the movies I love my family more than any thing in this world 
Might fuck around and watch all the twilight movies tonight, idk 
I knew something was suspect about the movie I just bought! I be damn! ...#movies #skits… 
All of the new Fast N Furious movies woulda been 2x better wit Paul Walker in em.. RIP 
Amateurish ‘Breakthrough’is why certain true stories shouldn’t be made into movies 
Oh let the Snaping fun start Car ride going to the movies 
This'll be good. This guy has been in a lot of good movies. 
New "Child's Play" poster #Movies #TV 
M Night Shyamalan Says Bad Reviews of Glass Made Him Cry #Movies #TV 
Celebrate the 80th anniversary of Batman at the cinemas this May! Get 
When it's a sad/grumpy kind of day, so you spend $7 to rent a movie and it turns out to be one of the worst movies… 
sports movies ma &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Co-fucking-sign. Harley Quinn is a great start and I appreciate the new animation style they're ro… 
On the up side, we could finally get all movies offered by the same streaming service.(Albeit with windowed releas… 
You should’ve videotaped it lol. I can’t wait to watch those movies with my son. He’s 7 months now so I… 
Movies are soothing balm for the mind. #stories #films #criterionchannel 
Video games offer a deeper entertainment experience than movies can offer #KojimaProductions 
Not sure why I think I can be a writer since my vocabulary is primarily 5 words/phrases that I use non-stop for mon… 
Do you like horror movies? Why or why not? 
Well with the exception of Logan the last few X-Men movies have been a bit of a disappointment so this comes… 
I dont watch scary movies so mu options were more limited 
"What is it like to walk in someone else's shoes? Books allow us to imagine it, and movies allow us to see it, but… 
If you don't mind spanish movies try La piel que habito (The Skin I live In) 
About to give a presentation on one of my favorite movies, "The Martin (2015)" three weeks late and I have no busin… 
#kalank sahi me. I can't bear bollywood movies any more. The shit is better than this 
The feeling of loss when the show and movies you've followed for so long are at their end. Definitely need to up my… 
100% chance that The Mask movies are rebooted in the next few years. I can feel it. Definitely not with Jim either I bet. 
do you think a dark live-action Teen Titans movie set in the DCEU would work?Or would it look too mu… 
YES but thats exactly the type of shot that drew me to cowboy movies thats art 
Do y'all get mad when TV shows and movies draw inspiration from Greek life for their scripts? Ok then apply that here. It's a concept. 
i’m gonna rewatch marvel movies tonight cause why not 
think it’s time for you fellas to start figuring out what you’re going to watch and breakdown next!… 
I don't like how there's people saying everyone needs to see it just to support the company, like I'm no… 
I'm starting a new podcast series THIS Saturday on Twitch, Another Chapter. Movies and celebrities aren't the only… 
I put your chosen movies into context and you still can’t dispute what I said. 
I'm 50. I got into old movies in a big way when I was 10, but I was more of a 1930s-4… 
Thank you for serving our country and the great movies.  
Star Wars Episode IX Theory Suggests Skywalker In Question May Be Ben Solo - 
Prince Engineer Ordered to Pay Estate $4 Million Over Unauthorized Release - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
30 Actors Who Regretted Turning Down Roles in Blockbuster Movies 
I’m geeking over the dc shows and movies that have/will come out this year and next 
Steak + Fries + Mr. Glass = MOVIE NIGHT | #MovieNight #Movies #MrGlass 
"The SPLC is one of the worst offenders and the next time you you are going to the movies just…" — Griefman 
5 impactful sexual assault awareness movies to watch in April 
If you like, horror movies slip n slidesarcade games zaxbys kittens lemonade nintendo 64spongebob escape… 
Can this entire series be rebooted already? Fuck these movies. 
Kiki’s Delivery Service was one of my fav movies when I was younger! 
I was asking why kids play adults more convincingly than adults play kids in movies. But she went on to s… 
BRIDESMAIDS duo Kristen Wiig and Annie Mumolo reteam to co-write and star in Lionsgate comedy BARB AND STAR GO TO V… 
One of my favorite TCM watch along movies! 
#Movie "The Man of Dust" (2013) 
Glass' Negative Reviews Made M. Night Shyamalan Cry - 
I use to be a completist, thinking I had to finish stories I started. Movies, shows, books, I was like… 
CGI Scoob already looks better than the live-action movies, so that's a nice start. 
One of the greatest horror (yes, horror) movies ever. 
Of course I've seen all of the movies, well except Captain Marvel, and I watched ant man and wasp on the pl… 
The Game of Thrones season premiere was pirated 54 million times over 24 hours 
I’ve thoroughly enjoyed Reading about Archie and Gretchen. If it ever makes it to the movies, I’d love… 
Because Titanic and Avatar weren’t additional movies in a universe. Your comparison is dishonest. 
Why are movies so expensive. All I want to do is watch avengers: end game  #ENDGAMECOUNTDOWN 
Direct-to-video movies in the Walmart $2 discount bin: 1000 times better than Trump. 
It's sad, but all good things come to an end eventually. Going to miss the weekends inside an auditorium with peopl… 
The way plots be twisting on this app, y’all need to be producing movies 
Now serving at a Taco Bell poetry is a lot of people don’t know about me is that we are taking the battle for the c… 
Everyone's excited for my birthday tomorrow more than I am.. I just don't feel it anymore. U knw. i just wanna sit… 
Star Trek Discovery (very quickly) - Vulcan Hello Join me as I try to analyze/make sense of/educate on Discovery's… 
It’s hard to believe True/False came and went over a month ago now, but if you’re seeking documentaries to watch at… 
#CloakAndDagger S1 (2018): The most recent and easily the best show in the MCU, as far as I'm concerned. Absolutely… 
This will always be three of my favorite movies and I think they are the best on screen couple I hav… 
Yup, that's what this is. The original "Secret Lifes" film made $875 million. (No, idk why either.) So… 
My father just now "Hey, my movie is lagging. I want YOU to fix it NOW" (He watchs movies on a pirate TV Box) 
kinda goes without saying trailers and marketting for both TV and movies are pretty much the… 
Something new for the neighborhood. Free movies at the Smokestack. 
That’s incredibly valid! I thought you were talking about a real person; they just don’t handle guns w… 
What's your favorite movie? — I have a few, but my 3 favorite movies are Treasure Planet, The Prestige, and The Fif… 
I've seen great movies and the repeat a few times. Watched "3 days left" with Russell Crowe. Omw it… 
Great. It can finally see all those superhero movies the people like. 
Oh! I have a 14 day free trial to the Criterion streaming service. I was watching old Godzilla mov… 
Thats a reasonable assumption but not with companies at scale of MS. If a poor performing BL is within… 
Ok peeps I have been tagged and I love it!One of my favorite movies is Avatar!Gif from your favorite movie and… 
Twisted Movements dance Studio is proud to present Movie Night.A dance production based on popular and all time f… 
The 2010’s culture exposes in these movies is simply Too Powerful! 
1. Mental illness2. Violent video games3. Violent lyrics4. Violent moviesNot1. Taking guns away from good peo… 
I loved these movies... The Most Beautiful Shots of ‘The Lord of The Rings’ Trilogy via 
Every #DCU Movie Ranked from Worst to Best Including 
Hail Satan? - Official Trailer #Movies #TV 
As a fan of the X-Men films and a staunch defender of them (they’re better than most Marvel movies!!) I reluctantly agree 
9 Real Relationship Advice You Can Get From Movies 
Is the dream of having a great Universal Monster Movies franchise dead? If not, who should be at the hel… 
ACA Charger Newsletter - Deadline for ordering your yearbook is TODAY, No school on Good Friday, Hebrew chapel on M… 
OKAY. Thought of the day: The original Fast and Furious was a remake of POINT BREAK. FF went on to have 7 additiona… 
Honestly, I don't know. For the most part, I would love to see the HD remake of animated Disney mov… 
Reminiscing on some of our childhood favorite movies with what childhood movie was your favorite as a chi… 
yup to be sure put that in your wallet/purse and you're sure to be spending the weekends… 
A character is created in the comics then transferred to movies/show so that means that hulk has… 
Sony cracking down on sexually explicit content in gamesSony: We give our devs the freedom to create what they wa… 
By downfall I was referring to the "temporary blip" that's in your above Tweet. Temporary s… 
 James #Bond25 Gets Script Update From Killing Eve Creator via #movies 
Me: I hate scary movies I will never watch them so don’t ever ask me to. Also me: wanna watch a scary movie? 
Not all men who are into superhero movies and Star Wars are like this guy though. 
I want to make my very own Jurassic Park movies someday. ;) 
Dunno. There'll have been around 30 superhero movies by the end of 2019, but they've been sprea… 
Every action has consequences. Pre-order your tickets and choose your seats now for 3 – NOW ON SALE!… 
Falling in the #cliche could ruin #GabrielGarciaMarquezmaster, please don't do this #Netflix! 
Are they really? My games and movies are fine and I don’t do comics. The Anti-SJWs are even more annoying than SJWs imo. 
That's it, I'm unsubscribing from #Netflix. They hardly ever update their movies/shows and the vast majority of wha… 
I liked The Last Jedi, but if most people agree it was garbage, they should stop making movies, anything. 
I got future viewer movie request how about getting some of Joan Crawford crime noir movie like Po… 
We need to support good movies for good causes, not just be entertained 
Now, if only they could get Bautista in there, too. 
Chillaxin at the house, I’m usually watching movies from the 80s just because they’re my favorite lol it was a simp… 
So comics are practically dead. All the DC and Marvel shows have become garbage/cancelled. DC can't create shit for… 
also,will you be doing a reaction to the trailer/refresher lesson on all mcu movies video,that they released for EndGame? 
Agreed &amp; im glad #meg was made as the other megalodon films are rubbish btype movies But as a hu… 
Let's see no God in schools since the 60's, no moral compass. Legal to abort babies since the 70's. M… 
Team just raised the bar, again, for faith-based movies #Christianity 
South Korean actor Ma Dong-seok, a.k.a. Don Lee, to make American #film debut opposite Angelina Jolie in #Marvel's… 
Dave Bautista Reportedly No Longer Being Eyed For #TheSuicideSquad - 
People who didn't like this movie didn't watch the first two movies. No need to be emotional about. Don'… 
All the Hasbro Star Wars Reveals From Celebration! 
Movies that deserve a sequelThe WolfmanDracula UntoldDistrict 9 
DC movies  
I know what you're saying, but there are only 8 superhero movies being released this year.Th… 
Top 10 Things You May Not Know About Ash Williams from Evil Dead #horror: Ash Williams from the Evil Dead movies an… 
MOVIES: Dark Phoenix - News Roundup Updated 17th April 
This is how I watched all the Marvel movies over the last few weeks. I call it The Infinity Order. The Infinity Ord… 
I wish I lived in a world where would turn #casestudies into movies and documentaries. 
CinemaCon Winners and Losers: Disney, Delusion, and the Might of Millennials - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Waterphone has been activated! #horrorfilm #HorrorMovie… 
Did they learn nothing from the movies? 
"Ad:" Big Box of Horror: 9 Movies (DVD, 2015, 2-Disc Set) BRAND NEW! FREE SHIPPING!  Flyi… 
Someone just asked me what my favorite Disney movies were and I can't BELIEVE I forgot about Great Mouse Detective. 
Christopher fighting back after being shot.#sopranos #thegodfather #godfather #goodfellas #mafia… 
Favorite scenes from sports movies........ I’ll go first.  #TodayInSports #BullDurham 
The Orchard relaunches as 1091, sets May 3 release for Werner Herzog's documentary MEETING GORBACHEV and May 24 ope… 
Please love this boi His name is Cyrusmain Weapon: Gold Dynamo rollerLikes: sports, hanging out with friends and… 
bc they’re great movies ?? who even are you 
Help! I am sad and only want to cuddle and watch sad movies! 
Topics should be label… 
Luci, a new VR headset company, wants to take you to the movies 
On a scale of 1 to OMG I LOVE TO STAY INSIDE AND WATCH MOVIES ALL DAY, how into the rain are you? 
“You know, people aren’t reading since movies are around now.”  “Oh, your book’s getting published.… 
Swamp Thing teaser trailer is here! via 
Scientists clearly have not watched enough horror movies. 
#Movie "Coonskin" (1975) 
If y’all are fans of or you need to check out on YouTube.. amazing brea… 
You don’t even watch marvel movies  
make better movies 
Recently I watched season one but I look forward to watching season two and the movies as well. 
19 hours and 57 minutes engagement! That's how long it takes to watch all eight Harry Potter movies back-to-back! 
I am not able to select a movie after selecting the theatre in advance ticket option. I have tried multiple times w… 
Only two of those people make movies... 
Does this include not acting in movies? 
Hey everyone!! Have you seen #scoobydooonzombieisland  ? I honestly think that this is one of the best #scoobydoo m… 
If you’re gonna recommend a horror to me can you take me seriously pls. I feel like I’ve been watching Disney movies  
MOVIES: The Suicide Squad - News Roundup Updated 17th April 
Council to host free movies in the park 
Same was said bout last 22 movies, like when do ppl shut up bout this stuff se… 
I actually have never cried during books or movies. 
Seeing movies with someone this invested is so wholesome.Like...When the last Harry Potter movie came out, I sobb… 
There's still time to catch up for the final season of #GameOfThrones  
"Looking at the most lucrative films from 2016 to 2018, researchers found that just four of the 276 key grips worki… 
Ryan Murphy to produce new #film adaptation of stage play THE BOYS IN THE BAND for Netflix, with Jim Parsons, Zacha… 
First, pick better movies. Star Wars is crap. Second you, assumed she’d want to (this… 
Hood movies always teach you some. 
“Some have contended that Johnson’s views are not a pro-life position, as exempting women from any penalty would le… 
Yeah Fallen Kingdom. To many Jurassic Park movies. I get them confused.  
Don't know if I should sleep or watchh Movies on this flight 
It's also possible that that's just who he is. I will cry sometimes when listening to certain music,… 
Today's Throwback: The Shallows (2016) Movie #movie #throwback #horror: Jaume Collet-Serra"s The Shallows (2016) is… 
Hey  I’ve been in a long distance relationship for 8 months now. Communication is obviously key. B… 
Hulen now has these sofas for the first row. We tested them out to see how they’d be and they actually… 
You must be from the east coast because we used to drive 11-13 hours easily with our young kids. And w… 
Just watch all the Marvel movies. 
I’ve argued a lot lately that Disney refuses to take risks with their movies and shows, but they cast both Bill Bur… 
Studio Ghibli Film Festival!!! I'm running to the movies now!!! See you lol. 
My boss does not understand that "no means no" when it comes to horror movies. "Come on, it's just 'The Mist'! It's… 
My man off today cos the weather so I decided to get some junk food &amp; movies for us but he wanna sleep on me? Okay… 
Mike McPadden has reviewed 350 (350?!?) teen films of the 70s, 80s, and early 90s for his book "Tee… 
(HELL YEAH.I love watching his character development over the movies, even when he’s given such litt… 
It's amazing that within the space of three movies, the Vice President is arrested, and huge swaths of the United S… 
Can we just enjoy the movies we want to enjoy and stop involving identity politics into everything? Thank you!A… 
Any series 2recommend? -no Kings-Queens plz, realised I prefer my Tutor girls books than movies abt crown-dare I s… 
i have so many opinions on comic book movies oh my god 
PIXAR always makes sure their movies look good, if nothing else. They definitely don’t look like a… 
Been making pixel-art game-mockups of movies that never got a videogame adaptation (I guess Starship Troopers did g… 
She make all these type of comments to get movies. 
Fantastic movie with an unexpected ending. Director Jones has a rare eye for the little de… 
I think there is way too much of that in movies now. There has to be a way to write and elicit more… 
They obviously can’t bc they have to make the movies long. But either way she’s definitely S tier. 
Today on The Drive, 4-6, assuming this Royals game ever ends:4:40, Movie on movies, TV a… 
Gotta appreciate and enjoy the classics. It blows my mind that I still meet people in their early 20s who profess t… 
Disney's service is also almost half the price, and will have some of the shows and movies that were ex… 
#TheWitcher I think it's going to be incredible &amp; a real surprise in the middle o… 
Wanna play movies to bad gotta rent online or buy online lol 
I don't see TV or movies driving comic sales the way I have seen creator owned content. Movie… 
i did not spend hours of my time watching all the mcu movies to not watch endgame so someone go w me next week thxx 
You can’t escape her. Reserve your seats for The Curse of #LaLorona - opening Friday: 
does anyone know where i can watch the studio ghibli movies online  
 vintagegeekculture: John Landis’s “Amazon Women on the Moon” (1987) One of my favorite movies. And... 
That's usually what happened with game-based movies they try to rush it out because they don't want to fle… 
Dont get me wrong, I love going with people, but it's been a little ritual of mine to see the Avengers mo… 
Really want to go to the movies lately for some reason 
Sending good vibes to New Jersey today for the / Jersey Storytellers Project's show "Music, Movies… 
I’m going to the movies tonight and IM EXCITED  
Just ask those people how many Star Wars movies Lucas had planned to make total. There's like 6 different right answers. 
i don’t care what y’all say, early 2000’s movies/tv shows are amazing. 
Movies in a Minute: 'Breakthrough' &amp; 'The Curse of La Llorona' 
What’s with and hiring wrestlers in his movies lol 
Well, they did say they wanted more diversity. 
Um excuse me, just wtf is this?! Bad enough we had to endure the "new" chucky movies and now this mane a whole IG m… 
Of all the Rowdy Roddy Piper movies I've seen, I think 1986's "Body Slam" has got to be the second best. 
Lowkey have an obsession with subtitled movies. Actually foreign movies nje 
I haven't seen it. Tbh I only wanna watch vampire movies with hot emos in it who, despite being very old, look under 25 
They literally can’t have hulk be hulk in the movies cuz he woul… 
Do you have new movies you want them to show? 
Silver sulfur vs Galactus most powerful being in marvel movies via 
Top 10 Most Underrated Horror Movies of All Time #horror: True fans know that the best horror films aren’t always b… 
My sons are named Revan and Malak. KotOR is the absolute best Star Wars storyline. If these movies get made, I'll d… 
New on on-demand and video picks: ‘The Kid Who Would Be King,’ a genre-bending comedy - Los Angeles Times… 
Lil Duval needs to be in more movies  
...My thought: Here are my favorite Clive Barker movies in order:5. Hellraiser: Bloodline 4. Hellraiser III: Hell… 
My thought: Here are my favorite Clive Barker movies in order:14. Candyman: Farewell To The Flesh 13. Lord Of Ill… 
Summer is just around the corner and that means it's almost time for the Twilight Kids Summer Film Series starting… 
Love Quotes Tumblr From Movies 
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau Reveals the One Game of Thrones Character Jaime Trusts Most - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
perfect blue is also one of my favorite movies.............. 
Holy shit that's on DVD in the UK, I legit don't know if it even came out in the cinema yet over here.… 
6 Weed-Themed Movies On Netflix That Are Worth The Trip For 4/20 
M rated games, R rated movies, etc. 
There were a few others that I really thought about, but I think these are the movies I enjoy the most. 
Bhooter Bhobishot, most movies of Rituporno, Nirbaak 
:v you do know 'netflix and chill' means "were gonna watch movies then have sex", right? 
am i a fascist if ghost in the shell is one of my favorite movies? 
Still gave us 6 great movies in the prime of our childhood though 
Movies are written by the makeup artists as the actors perform. 
Long story long.. P is always my movies date. He complain but he lubb me. 
SA Women can't even do that thing in the movies where they leave midway through the date because they don't have cars 
Mark, shut up and act. No one will follow your political opinion because you know how to pretend… 
John Cena in talks to join James Gunn's SUICIDE SQUAD #film #movies 
there is a growing list of actors actresses singers song writers musicians i no longer watch their shows on televis… 
Watching Vision Quest.One of My all time favorite movies.  
Essentially. I would love to write a book of nothing but maybe 1-3 page mini stories that pick up i… 
It's fiction. Not real bible prophecy so the only way to watch is the Kirk Cameron movies. 
Don’t watch movies I know beforehand would be bad 
She isn't even the most unlikeable woman in these movies given that Gwyneth Paltrow is in them. 
Emma Stone Steps Out for Rare Public Date Night with Boyfriend Dave McCary - 
#Movie "2 Minutes Later" (2007) 
It’s such a good year for animation and movies The lion king, Steven universe movie, all the reboots in movie form… 
The fact that it has better cinematography than some of these movies that are coming out. 
#Romantic #movies for couch cuddle time. 
Game of Thrones: Who Will Win the Iron Throne? - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Kraft and a John Doe filed a motion to intervene and block the release of their USIN PROSTITUTES MOVIES &amp; a judge… 
This has been debunked as many times as the movies you haven't been offered a part in. 
Well, I always look forward to movies in general, always optimistic. So, hi there. 
Looooved Bride of Chucky. Hands down my fav of all the movies. You rocked it Bae  
You are right. I still like both movies. 
From comedies to biopics, these are the best movies about music and musicians 
The best Black Mirror episodes 
So I may have swapped hard drives by mistake with my friend. Can anyone teach me how to download movies/series. I c… 
We're sure he will be. 
Cotton Row Recording is a studio that is located off of Madison Ave near Minglewood Hall. They have been recording… 
The Avengers Plan To Take It All Back In New #Endgame TV Spot - 
We recorded our first Season 3 episode last night. We'll announce the theme and movies later. Until then, enjoy Sea… 
I am impressed actually did manage to acquire the rights to the InuYasha movies. 
The Continental Hotel Is Opening Its Doors Ahead of John Wick: Chapter 3 Premiere - 
Is it possible to have two movies rated an F in the first 4 months of the year.  Tune in to Murph and Andy on KXnO… 
We can’t review movies, music or shows without people pressed. Can’t do fashion critique which makes fashion redu… 
Slowly and firmly, KK. Just because it's unexplored ground for movies, doesn't mean it won't need a -e… 
My self-care when dealing with depressive episodes is drinking an entire bottle of wine and watching Disney movies… 
Ever wanted to visit The Continental from John Wick? We've got good news. #QuartaDetremuraSDV 
Too cold for either one I'll have to play my movies extra loud. 
I reminded myself of that the other day by rewatching one of my all time favorite "you can do anything" movies, Legally Blonde 
Did Disney donate to Flint? They made several movies about American cars probably produced in Michigan. Im just saying 
Has it been half as many movies? I thought more like 1/3 of the movies. 
Iron Man Shows Off His New Weapons In This #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
"Was it a dream where you see yourself standing in some sort of sun god robes on a pyramid with a 1,000 naked women… 
Two things: 1)Fred Durst directs?? 2) This feels like a role Nicolas Cage should be playing.  So, Face/Off, indeed.… 
My 2 favorite movies are LUCY and SUICIDE SQUAD#movies 
Wait, you watch Marvel movies? Just the movies, or you read comics too? 
This man??What about moviesTvseriesShowsComedyCartoonsMusicJust say we must get rid of our tvs 
I’d much rather spend my nights posted up cuddling and watching movies than out doin hood rat shit, someone finally… 
From her own home movies, she doesn't live green.  At all.  She lives feet from a metro but still d… 
I got to bing watch all the marvel movies now 
Turner Classic Movies during this CHRISTIAN HOLY WEEK (today is Wed. April 17, 2019) is featuring Muslim-Arabs… 
Shibasenji is actually an excellent blog about dogs in old movies: 
The title alone tells me someone is triggered by masculinity. Video games are turning… 
Endgame theory: in the middle of the climactic final battle, Tony Stark gets killed - and then wakes up. He's in a… 
#Ghoema pls refund me my decoder..I will rather stream my news, movies and sport than ever s… 
A retweet from April 19th, 2015. Sadly we ran out of gospel pictures which opened the floodgates to everything to m… 
Minecraft movie to hope Minecraft is still cool in 2022 #Movies #TV 
Ed Norton Sues Over Movie Set Fire That Killed New York City Firefighter #Movies #TV 
Highest selling movies 
I agree it is similar, but with PC you can put a Blu-ray or DVD in. This is them… 
Dan, LOVE your show!  Love the way you  Interject  off the cuff lines from movies,  Etc. You really break… 
Hmmmm! Maybe some old Godzilla movies? Or some bad comdey 
I'll have to wait until I see the movie. But so far she looks like a really good Jean Grey but a young Jean Grey. W… 
Have done the same with my depression. Sometimes I wake up in strange places and then the next day I th… 
My Movie Collection: War Movies 
I can’t wait see upcoming new movies 
My evening consists of thick warm blankets, movies and loads of snack burgers.Thank you for fulfilling my winter craving  
Theologizing movies is so much fun 
New EpisodeListen to the breakdown of the past week’s games! We talk about Jackie Robinson Day, and see… 
Get with the program!   1958 #Gigi #StageDoorTheatre playbill program w/ #EvaGabor of #greenacres … 
Like, I can think of so many movies/ad campaigns/other worthless stuff that MILLIONS of dollars were spent on unnecessarily. 
"Dr. Seuss' the Lorax" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
They’re gonna put me in the movies, they’re gonna make a big star outta me... 
I know several of you are movie buffs that like to discuss movies. Would you be interested in joining a private FB… 
Through all of this, I can only think back to RDJr's statement that he wouldn't work low-budget mo… 
I'm very rarely squeamish around intense content in tv and movies. Even really gnarly violence or gross things don'… 
Also, expecting the film fraternity to express solidarity with affected women is a pipe dream. These supe… 
Ready for the film of the summer? 
marc ribot - silent 
How about you get good movies/ tv shows on Netflix instead of worrying about adjectives. 
All the inane comments on here are a perfect illustration that the average person has no business commenting o… 
I have never seen the first two "Hellboy" movies, but critics are hating so hard on this new one that I'm tempted t… 
#avengersendgame Poster. #mcu #avengers #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies #geek… 
Pretending this is a normal reaction for grown men only further harms Males. Young Bro’s....... Never… 
Watching all the Twilight movies should heal me from my surgery real fast, it’s science. So here we go!! 
Movies wise , he is the strongest avenger by a landslide . 
We loves us some #RayHarryhausen! In Ep. 11 we talked about all three of his #Sinbad movies: The 7th Voyage of Sinb… 
Gone in Sixty Seconds is one of my favorite Nic Cage movies don't me. 
Let’s horror movies and chill 
Mike! C'mon dawg! Do u really not see how bad he treated that girl for the whole f*cking movie? Q was… 
Even in the movies. Always with the evil moths. #InuYasha 
Snatch is one of the best movies ever! Crazy one liners  
Sci-fi movies aren’t remotely like real life 
Dwayne Johnson Named One Of TIME's Top 100 Most Influential People - 
#SpiderManFarFromHome Gets A New Release Date - 
Not a movie so not a contest entry. I loved all the work he put into the Harry Potter… 
Andidinwe bawo . Gonna get home ... hot bath Cuddles and some movies to watch 
I’m a pretty big marvel fan and a lot of the movies are average at best there’s only 4 or 5 that I really like 
If we ain’t crying over Star Wars and super hero movies together then I don’t want you. This man can have my whole… 
Who’s been binge-watching all the movies in preparation for End Game next week?  **raises hand**#avengersendgame… 
7 marvel movies to gooooOoo 
Fox had some many times 2 course correct but never did. No idea y Fox would let Kinberg di… 
Pavarotti Comes Home in Emotional Trailer for Ron Howard’s Documentary (Video) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
This has never gone wrong in the movies..... 
Favorite two things my dad said this week:*your brothers won’t answer their phone, so I’m going to need you for ha… 
Filmmakers around the globe are already using Videocamp as a tool to take their movies even farther, where traditio… 
One of the best movies I’ve seen this year #GreenBook 
And no more rated R movies. 
It’s Beyoncé exactly as she wants us to see her and has always wanted us to see her: as a perfectionist, and as the… 
Kanti why are the beds in Nigerian movies that huge?? 
Me too! There’s a few Horror movies on Netflix that I need to watch but I don’t have time to sit thr… 
#AvengersEndgame i dont have watcjed Marval movies 
June tak Akshay Kumar 3 new movies announce kar denge. 
Happy Birthday! I hope you have a great time today and the whole year. I read your book and really… 
BEST COMEDY MOVIES 2016 Full Movies English Hollywood - NEW FUNNY MOVIES - Romantic Movies_2 
How is big data being used to make movies? #BigData #BigDataAnalytics #DataAnalytics #Movies 
Fun porn moviesThe prostitute of her vows is fond of men  #sugardaddy #humanatm #domina #finslave#y #girls… 
One of the great films--and one of the great scenes in movies. The Picnic Theme was a big hit at the… 
Ok everyone I'm muting PD until they stop rightfully dragging my favorite movies  
15 Things You May Not Know about Beetlejuice #horror: Tim Burton directed Beetlejuice (1988) is one of my favorite… 
FEATURE-From movies to marriage, first Thai transgender MP wants change: Reuters | More w/… 
For me, it's childhood stuff. I also like kids movies, but the latest Pixar movies and Disney movi… 
There are many John Carpenter movies that I missed out on #horror 
#Movie "Slide Donald Slide" (1949) 
Do you think the Star Wars Incels would be satisfied if we let Barr take a crack at rewriting the movies? 
I wonder if the difference is generational. Twitter folks tend to be older than Tumblr. The Star Wars… 
Old British empire movies but changed to nowadays so called series _ seasons this n that. This nonse… 
Drawing prompt:We have movies about Sharknado.What about Shark NATO? A conglomerate of sharks primarily… 
In the comics she's way stronger but in the movies she's trash . She needed 6 people t… 
I love that movie. I have a collection of hokey sports movies, it’s in there. My favorites will always… 
This is the sexiest dance ever in movies. It made Kim Novak an instant star. The piano player is Steve Allen. 
The #XboxOne S All-Digital edition is one of the stupidest things I've ever seen in gaming. And I had a virtual boy… 
I did. Only cause the movies as a kid 
Check out Wesley on The Boston Podcast talking movies. He’s great at that. 
Photo Coverage: Get a First Look at Jessie Mueller and Megan Hilty in PATSY &amp;amp; LORETTA - Broadway World… 
“We WANT women to have their own awesome superhero movies.  Just not like THAT.” 
The real Los Angeles 
could be a Plant of the Apes movies without makeup! So could 
With the #Disney and #Fox merger official, I wanted to take a look at some of the most influential #20thCenturyFox… 
#StarWars Sequel Trilogy Characters To Return After #TheRiseofSkywalker - 
This never ends well in the movies! 
When my work days are not wall-to-wall mind-numbing conference calls I get to multitask with movies or podcasts whi… 
Was Seaver ever in any movies? He has movie star face 
Excuse me, but the Angry Birds movies is pretty tight 
I have a Hard Drive Full of movies and everyone seems to wanna borrow it  
Interesting Fact:The author of The Godfather, Mario Puzo, also wrote the story for the movies, Superman and Superman II. 
The best way to buy books: take all the movies, games, and books you don't want and yeet them into 2nd And Charles… 
I don’t know wtf y’all are on but the marvel movies kinda blow 
WTF. Sometimes I'm glad I'm over here thumbs-upping and -downing silly movies from my Flyover Country freelance cha… 
#silverspoontheatre Now playing La Bamba on Amazon Prime. This is one of the all time great movies you cant hate.… 
Me: *sees new trailer* Trailer: *consists of scenes from the other 21 movies and nothing new*Me: I’m SCREAMING!!!… 
Watching an old 2005 classic "Waiting". The jokes in this movie would get all these actors crucified if it was rele… 
You: Wow, I watched some dumb movies in high school!Me, a socialist intellectual: Actually... 
Y’all, I’ll watch all of movies religiously because he’s cute and his moves are fantastic. Plus, he’s sup… 
Alright Potterheads, let’s settle this once and for all... HP books vs Movies let’s go! 
actually yes, that is when I get an extreme urge to watch hgtv or early 2000s movies. but also I am pr… 
This turned into him frequently watching sexual and violent movies in front of me. The fact that he co… 
Uhhh...have people not learned a damn thing from all of the zombie movies???? 
Movies and popcorn tonight with my baby. 
Is it me?? Or does anyone else like listening to the Directors Cut on movies? #Directorscut 
Laika is sort of half and half for me because even though their movies look really good they're also really boring 
My wife uses it to describe movies she likes. 
I miss Aeon Flux.Who can recommend something comparably weird? Music, books, movies, whatever. 
John Cena in talks to join James Gunn's The #SuicideSquad - 
My wife uses the term for movies she likes. Go ahead... Tell HER not to use that term again, I double dog dare you. 
Bumblebee Director Travis Knight Will Helm The Six Billion Dollar Man   #QuartaDetremuraSDV 
There’s nothing more I wanna do than cry in bed ft watching movies. these cramps are unbearable. 
37. im stressed38. due to having both ocd and depression, both and it drives me fucking bonkers39. sure40. movies 
I mean, you replied to a picture from the movie saying "why don't you l… 
Movies to watch on the 07 May 2019 #longwalktofreedom #sarafinah #12yearsaslave not #anaconda 
For the NY Times, French director Claire Denis is interviewed by her biggest fan: Barry Jenkins #Movies #TV 
I generally won't spoil movies or shows, but we go 1 month on the statute...once a month goes by I'm n… 
People who spoil movies deserve to have kids who pour milk before cereal ...disappointments 
Though I may dislike some of their movies, what Marvel has done with their film series is incredible. It's somethin… 
Planet of the Apes movies too ... 
One of the best movies made post-'80sThe rest are pretty much shit 
Actually, this is how zombie movies start ... 
when i’m sick i just wanna cuddle and watch movies 
Hell yeah, that’s the kind of film making that’s lacking these days. Concepts like “what if the cast o… 
Peanut butter and jam. Movies and popcorn. Kotor and cats. Some things just go together. Kotor has always had a fas… 
#DisneynaturePenguins dives into theatres today! Reserve your seats to see #Penguins NOW PLAYING:… 
I make it 772 - where am I going wrong? = TOS 80, TAS 22, MOVIES 13, TNG 178, DS9 176, VGR 172, ENT 98, DSC 29 + 4 SHORT TREKS 
To all LatinoScoop movie fans - here is your list of upcoming films. Thank you IndieWire for the list. 
What do you think of this ScreenRant article saying how this latest trailer is more in line with how… 
Free Summer Movies at CapFed Ampitheater 
Are there any tv shows or movies that you know are "bad" but they have a special place in your heart because of som… 
I’ve seen it so many times I’m probably desensitized to it, honestly. I mean I have m… 
Brie Larson knows she only got her "power" because she had to fill a diversity quota. She never ear… 
Typer Perry movies never end like this. 
Valkyrie is one of the best movies of all time tbh 
Kathryn Bigelow is one of the best action directors on the planet. Her movies just pop. 
I mean, there’s a reason film students still study it. Griffith did some things that were pretty astonish… 
The way I hate horror movies . 
So what do you do when you on holiday and the weather is terrible?..order room service and watch old movies … 
He'll be exec producing movies wher… 
ben barnes should do more comedy movies. 
LOVE and COMMUNITY alumna Gillian Jacobs joins cast of Fox and Chernin's FEAR STREET movie trilogy #film #movies 
I'm watching How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World (2019) #trakt 
Road trip movies&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
Last chance to see Five Feet Apart in Elkader is Tomorrow 4/18!Don't miss out#love #movies #FiveFeetApart… 
Depends on what’s playing. Can’t be watching marvel movies with the wrong crowd  
Child sacrifice /demon worship were also a big factor. There will always be some form of… 
Well I guess I need to finally watch those movies 
Two movies with Hayden was 200 too many 
It was science fiction, I saw marathon of stars wars movies on tv when I was 12 years old,and got inspired by it. 
Me either, also never have read or seen anything Harry Potter, Star Trek or Star Wars movies either, but my life is just fine! 
"put in the works"Fucking lol, the xmen fox movies have to be the most incosi… 
Lol... what's the use of watching it If you don't like it? Rather find something else… 
‘Under the Silver Lake’ Review: Andrew Garfield Gets Lost in a Haze of Pop-Culture Allusions 
Milla Jovovich says critics were wrong about #ResidentEvil - 
They don't see what we see. They/we are intentionally being distracted (f… 
Those movies suck. 
I agree with the majority of this thread except this point. There’s definitely genres that are considered “man movi… 
Our first episode is live! and introduce themselves and talk about some of their favorit… 
Unless you already own one or both of the other movies. 
How many trailers do movies need these days?????? I remember the days when blockbusters had 3 at the most. Now, it's fucking ridiculous. 
Twilight and What We Do In the Shadows. No other vampire movies exist to me. 
Literally at the movies by myself yet again. Just may watch three movies by myself today  #alonetime  
Help!  You played music by Making Movies.  Fell in love w them.  One of their albums has disappeare… 
There's a segment of the climax to the first SW movie (now #4) in which Mark Hamill flies a space-jet thr… 
The Jedi Prophecy In #StarWars: The Phantom Menace Has Finally Been Revealed 
The Russos have a big hand in what their movies look like... 
It's not real as in its a fictional story. It is not going to provide… 
That doesn’t surprise me tbh  and its not just female led films i have that issue with I’d love to hav… 
Also, I’m in awe of media these days. So many rad movies and shows are coming out consistently and it’s just fantastic. 
I wont be watching chapter 9, I dont even care about the movies anymore. But I have serious hopes f… 
"I feel like I'm at home watching one of my damn movies because this whole thing sucks!" 
As a veteran, thank you sir.  My dad was a veteran as well, like yours.  We spent hours laughing hil… 
DM Discussion: Differences Between D&amp;D and Movies 
So what movies do I need to watch to be able to watch Endgame next week?  
Stephen King sold another book to Hollywood this week. Are there any left that aren’t movies or TV series?… 
thank you for ruining movies for me now.. I swear! #droz 
I have to say you spoiled me with this video. How do you outdo this? I don’t want to watch movies or tv anymore, just YOU. 
I love horror movies  
Seems like the end scene out of one of Mel Brooks movies. 
Do you like classic movies? The next couple of Wednesday’s at The Nines (Fayetteville) they’ll be showing some cool… 
Imagine if that was humanity's ultimate legacy. The original seeders of life across the galaxy.We would be the "p… 
the-anti-virgil: callmebliss: prismatic-bell: just-a-mod: fratricide: basementpony: forthegothicheroine:... 
Select 4K UHD Blu-ray Movies - $14.99 ea at Best Buy w/ Free Pickup until 4/20 #bestbuy 
I have to split this into two categories, lol. Movies I saw with my girl friends: 1) She’s All That… 
Continuing our lead-up to the Summer of '89 retrospective starting Friday, here's the second movie (by order of the… 
#Movie "Dreamer's Reality" (2014) 
Both great movies. But Django gave us Morgan Freeman... 
You’ve watched these shows but haven’t seen any of the Disney princess movies  
there are five mid 90s tv movies that are also very good 
Only like half of the MCU movies needed to even be good for this plan to work perfectly. I would admire it if Disne… 
Have you watched many of Ozu’s films Listening to your Freq Out in this… 
I don’t mind subtitled shows/movies, but I tend to get distracted and do quite a bit of rewinding. 
Haven't they watched the movies? Don't they know that this is how you make zombies? (or 
Agreed. What were your thoughts on some of the movies about rap artists, Notorious, S… 
Final X-Men: Dark Phoenix trailer sends Marvel’s mutants into space 
I can recommend some really bad movies if I need to prove it 
I do too!  I probably don’t watch movies as often as you, but I do like movies.  
The place I go to for cutting edge gender exploration? why, animated movies for children 
I created this account so I could freely bash my boyfriend.Item 1: he’s incredibly nice and considerateItem 2: he… 
I thought I taught y'all to keep the tapes as home movies. I- .... Disappointed 
Want a chance to win The Curse of prize pack Courtesy of Enter on Instagram:… 
The value of the build-up of all 20+ movies you've seen in the years before this is at risk if you don't go see Endgame immediately 
"Everywhere" is my usual answer.My brainMusicVideo gamesOther booksMoviesNatureand so on. 
Looks like we have our answer. 
We love everything about Sandy! From movies in the parks to The Cairns project, we cannot stop telling people about… 
ppl in scary movies always gotta breathe all loud 
This week the Brentwood Public Library has 46 new books, 13 new movies, and 13 new music CDs.  New items include Di… 
Meh, seen worse movies, only die hard SW fans are just spoiled 
You should watch twin peaks. And or some of his movies. Absolutely wild director. Twin peaks is my fa… 
And Carol's character didn't need 3 movies to build, because she actually had good writers and… 
Seems to me a response to recent criticism for making movies that are "problematic" like the Robert the Bruce movie. 
Judging by the responses to this tweet, I feel like none of us are watching the same Star Wars movies. 
Apparently, The Twilight Movies Are Hits On Hulu 
you should have asked Sean bean movies he is more known for such as National Treasure! 
Look, Wes has consistently looked like a character in one of his own movies. Paul Thomas, however, has… 
knows that not everything has to be exciting like the movies. 
Gojira 1954 and King Kong 1933 are the two best monster movies of all time, with my pe… 
? I wasn’t referring to Rey I like Rey as a character and i probably worded i… 
This is how zombie apocalypse movies begin. 
To celebrate 1,000 subscribers, I'll be doing a new reaction to YOUR unpopular movie opinions video! Submit your… 
Quoting movies as fact ... i'm not remotely surprised. Grow up. Enough bile came out of T… 
"Aladdin 2: The Return of Jafar" was Disney's first direct-to-video sequel.  It became one of the top 15 best selli… 
Just substitute the game for movies 
High school or college movies. &gt;&gt;&gt; 
 man when tinky knew i was like fuckkk idk who folder that was . bitch let’s not get to the part where we was at the movies  
#SolPais on her listography website, Sol lists her favorite movies, music, and the #1 thing to do in her lifetime:… 
Agreed. I love CA:WS, CA:CW and I liked Infinity War, but they all had the same gr… 
What about movies? 
I think I wanna livetweet more weird af shitty B movies on the weekends. I need somewhere to vent my frustration an… 
MOVIES: Avengers: Endgame - News Roundup Updated 17th April 
Guardians of the Galaxy movies &gt; all other MCU movies. 
Would love anyone's opinion on this. Doing research for show topics.Pick a question and answer!1. Why do you lov… 
Exactly. Do people want comic book movies at all or do they want them all to stop co… 
We all knew the blame was coming? It’s never the person with the gun with the problem it’s the guns. All g… 
Prob one of my fav Star Wars movies 
Live look at and I going to see R rated movies in high school 
both movies pale to the cinematic juggernaut of Super Mario Bros. 
This is how some horror kidnapping movies start. 
Wesley Snipes to star in and executive produce indie casino-heist thriller PAYLINE #film #movies 
Marvel Fans Think #AvengersEndgame Directors Leaked That Footage On Purpose - 
The movies got it all wrong. It’s the zombie pigs that will come back to get us. 
I can't decide my top 5 Vampire movies so I'll just brag that I own the OOP DVD of Romero's MARTIN. 
Colin Farrell's Upcoming A24 Sci-Fi Film 'After Yang' Adds Haley Lu Richarson ('Split') - Directed by Kogonada ('Co… 
"Bumblebee" director Travis Knight to tackle "Six Billion Dollar Man" adaptation for WB, Mark Wahlberg #Movies #TV 
Dark Phoenix | Final Trailer [HD] | 20th Century FOX #Movies #TV 
Do you all live in some sort of movie theater hell dimension? #Movies #TV 
They mercilessly executed ESC keys and ruined keyboards in general but sure if one only wants to watch… 
#ShareYourBiggestLie"We just gonna chill and watch movies, jiki jiki."  
Marvel Eyeing Gay Asian Actor For Lead Role In #TheEternals - 
ALRIGHT SO AVENGERS ENDGAME LEAKS ARE OUT AND THE INTERNET IS ABLAZE. I’m deleting Twitter &amp; YouTube until I see th… 
one of my all time fav movies! Yes for the sequel!! 
8 different male snowy owls played the role of Hedwig the Owl in the Harry Potter movie series—while the owl is, in… 
there's a book, or something, to be written on gender in lynch movies - women on stages, false/thrown/superimposed voices 
Will be home too ey...movies all da way 
I don’t think I’ve ever met someone who only buys digital games. Same goes for movies. I want a ha… 
I enjoyed Bohemian Rhapsody too because I wasn’t watching as a critic but I understan… 
As someone in the military, typically away from family, I go to the movies alone often. No shame in i… 
If you like George Lucas &amp; Steven Spielberg (&amp; John Williams too!) check out It's a unique podcas… 
6 months to do artwork! You should have just hired to do it! when does this science fiction mo… 
So this week lab scientists have revived dozens of zombie pigs and also created super intelligent chimps. Does all… 
these make me uncomfortable. it feels like cute SAW movies 
Breakthrough opens in theaters nationwide today! Here is my review of the latest faith-based wide release!… 
In what way did i make my self a point of authority? I stated an opinion and that is all =… 
Shag, Marry, Kill. Books, movies, music. 
In Intro to Film History, students skip the novels altogether and analyze dozens of classic movies, from "Citizen K… 
Breakthrough’ a remarkable story of a Missouri family, told through a religious 
A Nightmare On Elm Street Fans Launch Campaign For Robert Englund's Hollywood Walk Of Fame Star -… 
"Typically, our idea of good and bad is relatively black and white -- in movies like The Lion King, for instance, y… 
As for the movies no, a lot of uhd  movies aren't even natively shot 4k they are upscaled, I… 
Yes, it's very sad. I don't watch scary movies, so I don't know who you're referri… 
Looks like Marlin found Nemo in this enchanting whistling seagrass 
Movies, games, sports. 
one of the best movies of the year. 
Absolute shame, could’ve seen his career in movies skyrocket like Dads 
Unless you have been living under a rock, Netflix has been abuzz with #homecoming clues since last week...which is… 
Top 5 horror movies? 
New Avengers: Endgame Poster Is a Blast From the Past #Endgame    #QuartaDetremuraSDV 
They’re there to “mix” in with the knowledgeable people who are really interested in opera. Those of u… 
some people think all the trans serial killer movies from the 70s thru 90s as transphobic but I see them as aspirational 
American Gangster has been added to Netflix - JOE 
I literally make lists for everything. Books to read, series/movies to watch, items of clothing to buy next etc, ne… 
X-Men movies aren’t appreciated enough. Them shits are  
Books &gt; Movies 
"‘Under the Silver Lake’ Review: Andrew Garfield Gets Lost in a Haze of Pop-Culture Allusions" by A.O. SCOTT via NY… 
Comics are always better than the films. If you only watch the movies and never picked up a comic you're cheating yourselves. 
From NY Times: "‘Under the Silver Lake’ Review: Andrew Garfield Gets Lost in a Haze of Pop-Culture Allusions" 
never forget Let me take you to da movies - by BANGS via 
Bit they suck at real live movies 
Breaking video news: ‘Under the Silver Lake’ Review: Andrew Garfield Gets Lost in a Haze of Pop-Culture Allusions"… 
Why do angry people hit walls in movies? 
Admittedly I am not a huge fan of the vamp genre in general, so these are just movies I happen to really enjoy anyway lol 
I don't care if it's a horse. There are five movies about why this is a bad idea. 
Remembered the Cloverfield Paradox film had one.A few other good ones 
Never going to forget this episode! Next time I go to the movies I’ll be the annoying lady that wipes down ev… 
I literally don't remember anything about any of these movies… 
These are the 50 greatest movies by black directors. Introducing the #blackfilmcanon: via 
Fuk a dinner date let’s order some pizza and snacks and watch some movies  
If he’s not too busy making awesome movies and being on other tv shows, I’d LOVE to see… 
I don't remember why I saw one of those movies but I remember michael fa… 
The latest episode of the I Heart Podcast is up! This week is the first of a two part episode we're calling the I H… 
Why Would You Ever Invest in a Film?  Well, how's the rate of return on your 401K plan or savings account these d… 
I sometimes put movies on in the background that I've seen a countless amount of times while editing (Netflix is gr… 
“We don’t really have intricate discussions about ‘That shot right there was not masterfully set up.’ We’re just li… 
James Woods stared at a 3-D painting for 23 days straight to get prepared for his role in Vampires.  That's dedicat… 
Which books do you like reading?  And which movies do you watch? 
Mark N Tompkins ‘X-Men: Dark Phoenix’: Sophie Turner Savors Mutant Powers in New Trailer 
a new hope for to understand lightsabers and put starkiller and the 501st into more movies 
is in theaters April 12th. I want to #win some movie swag #ad #LittleGlowUp #Movies… 
Orion's Sophia Lillis-led fairy-tale thriller GRETEL AND HANSEL set for release on Jan. 31, 2020 #film #movies 
Take the music in the headphones option and your eyes closed. MRIs are super fucking loud. Like the shit… 
#Movie "Every Day" (2010) 
Never though two pictures from two amazing movies would make someone mad. But I was wrong 
Wow. MAN OF TAI CHI is just freaking awesome. Keanu Reeves should be making more martial arts movies. And Tiger Che… 
Had a crappy night of sleep because of some loud drunk yelling outside my apartment. Cheering myself up by re-liste… 
lowkey feel like rewatching madchen’s old movies 
As both a Star Wars fan and a person deeply passionate about movies, this makes me happy to see. This man and peopl… 
Am I the only one who finds the trailer &amp; the movie interesting? I think I will see it in theatres.… 
Females with attitudes like yours are more undateable than guys who enjoy superhero and comic movies. Gross. 
Havent seen the other movies on this timeline so no idea if this is any good but it looks cool Lol 
New Post: Today’s hot topics on Relevant Radio: Hello DC, Benedict XVI letter, deadly meth epidemic, Freedom’s Dete… 
It actually makes the movie look alright. 
Life isn’t moonbeams and puppies for everyone, sometimes the escapism that comes with th… 
These movies are all fantastic. 
My obsession with horror movies tho  
I hate scary movies but I wanna go watch La Llorona 
I LOVE THIS! How they've put together little clips from all the previous movies  bloody hell, I can't 
Based on how well both those movies did, A LOT of people care. Especially this guy since he had to reply like that. 
You know those characters in movies who wake up in the morning, freshly grind &amp; press beans to make coffee, cook &amp;… 
Jeremy Renner Says Stan Lee Is Going To Be Watching #AvengersEndgame With Us - 
We watched the first 5 minutes of Fast and Furious last night and Alex laughed for approximately 4 minutes, 27 seco… 
Beyoncé’s ‘Homecoming’ Netflix doc captures an icon at her radical peak 
first of all I'll have u know men invented many important things, such as: - lighting (no movies had t… 
Lotta #books finding their way to the house lately. #hollywoodblack #donaldbogle #movies 
New official poster for the thriller GRETA. #greta #movieposter #thriller #suspense #isabellehuppert… 
I love the question, but I suspect you may be missing the obvious. Maybe autistics don't need 'fant… 
A picnic by the beach, bunny jumping or movies 
New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot Hypes It Up As The Film Of The Summer - 
These movies were my childhood. I was a young teen when Iron Man first came out. It's been so incredibl… 
About to watch #GalvestonMovie  #Movies #Drama #CrimeReview to follow... ^CB 
No one who watches the movies will spoil the movie for themselves. PS GET BETTER SECURITY! 
me- hey, we’re gonna go to the movies tonight ok? sutton- what, no. i’m hauling cows today and the boys might wan… 
Paid reviewer. This is one of the worst movies. 
I understand. I’ve been there before and I’ll be there again. Start watching movies that have good st… 
If your not into Adventure movies like Troy, 300 and Pirets of the Caribbean and scopion king lastly L… 
Bottom line every argument for aborti… 
Neat-o. I love the early Universal horror movies. 
Twitter, I need homework help. What are some reasons horror movies are better than romance movies? It’s for a debate. 
Movies for Awakening! A.I.: Artificial Intelligence "Abandonment and rejection are common feelings that block the… 
Should have happened along time ago! 
I forgot how much I love kung fu and martial arts movies. I grew up watching them, which is why I studied tae kwon… 
I've been re-watching most (possibly all) existing MCU movies over the past couple weeks. I've also been reading/li… 
'Community' Star Gillian Jacobs Joins R.L. Stine’s ‘Fear Street’ Film Adaptation #Movies #TV 
doesn't make sense, with the library of animated shows/movies, along with live action shows/movies… 
I ruin myself for being over analytical on anime and movies.  wish i was a naive and oblivious boy 
Sure miss this guy in the movies. He was one-of-a-kind. Possibly one of the best character actors ever. 
I may have to cave and watch it sometime. Although, given how satanic Hollyweird is I find more and more… 
I feel like im weird for actually pulling for the villains in superhero movies.  I was pulling for the Joker, Killm… 
We’ve got a few shows to get through before our noir matinees ($6 for 2 movies!) but just let it be known we are PS… 
as bad as the xmen movies have been i always take my ass to the theater to watch them. storm has been my hero since… 
Check out United 93  DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars   via 
I’m going to do a masters in Film Studies at Cambridge starting in October!!! I’m so grateful to all the people w… 
ALSO!! The cop that talked/helped us was so so sweet and actually a TOTAL nerd and we bonded over horror movies and the Avengers  
Early #AvengersEndgame Review Calls It Epic, Unpredictable And Emotional - 
It's time that Linda Fiorentino was in more movies. 
#IronMan isn't only the best #MCU movie but it's also one of the greatest comic book movies ever made. Always a bla… 
Work brought us to the movies and my peasant driver drove my Lexus here. Could not be a better day  
Guys when ever I ask for movies please stop giving me and recommending horror films haiI live alone, I can not aff… 
It’s a long movie but definitely a good one! The movies message is something everyone should take to heart. 
Top 10 Coolest Promotion Stunts in Movie History #horror: Getting the right publicity to a new movie is crucial to… 
Our whole motto (and namesake) is built around the idea that you need 2 wat… 
So I took a Harry Potter house quiz and now I’m hella invested in Harry Potter. I need to read the books and watch the movies now. 
I really want to go to the aquarium and the zoo but don’t have kids to force into having a fun time, so who wants t… 
My OWN salvation was the greatest MIRACLE of my life.               Even believing; and seeing ALL the movies... I… 
This movies going to bring in enough money to pay off our national debt. 
Any nice series on Netflix? I love heist or crime kinda movies pls. Suggestion. 
PLEASE RETWEET! Hearing today that Swamp Thing and the future of the DC Universe service is in danger! If you love… 
Check out Jesus (VHS, 1988) Brian Deacon New Sealed Faith Christian Movies Religious   via 
Streaming Movie Review: Beyoncé the Creator: ‘Homecoming’ Review 
Movies can manipulate your emotions: but if you do not feel them by yourself,  they are not considered REAL before… 
The soundtrack butchers this trailer. It simply doesn’t fit at all. I really wish movies would just stic… 
I like movies too. Just gonna throw that out there 
Is Tokyo Drift one of the best Fast and Furious movies? Proving wrong 
Coy worried? Lol your to optimistic to ever be worried about these movies. I can’t wait to hear your i… 
Having not bought discs for movies or games for a while now. This seems like the perfect travel console syste… 
Or both- my money’s on both.   Though I’m sure they saw the movies- they apparently didn’t really watch… 
School canteens are going to serve what sells. It's the responsibility of parents (because they litera… 
Not all movies, Only movies which got acclaim on all festivals that year like Shoplifters Or ones by… 
it's not like the movies 
We'll just chill and watch movies #ShareYourBiggestLie 
This is exactly what I said lol. 15hr flight to Thailand and 12 on the way back. I played the switch a l… 
Always steer them to your IAFD movie listing. So many great movies and amazing scenes. And all we can say is THX! 
It took me out of the film when Tony is fighting the Hulk yet takes time to have a b… 
I didn't add movies at least. They other three is possible at work. Movies not. Not feeling well means I… 
They weren't bad. They were horrible. Absolutely, completely and utterly, undo… 
She's doing EVERYTHING but releasing. Movies , makeup, lingerie, photoshoots yhu haai.  
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Director Says There's More To The Story Of Rey's Parents - 
What fandoms do you geek out on? How do you geek?Comics? Movies? Tv? Fanfic? #geek #fandom #nerd 
The weekend is coming!   We have some Movie Night Gift Baskets perfect for the family! Have suggestions for family-… 
Final #DarkPhoenix trailer kills Fox’s X-Men Universe: 
When the three twitter trolls who still stan the Fox X-Men movies roll up into your mentions to harass yo… 
I thought these things only happened in movies . damn 
I'm good. I like my one x just like it is movies i buy still come in disk and my Collection as well. 
I saw Hellboy last night, and while I wouldn't say it was BAD (it might have been more entertaining if it was), it… 
#Movie "Looney Tunes' Porky Pig: Awful Orphan" (1949) 
want to have some these new charactors in other movies? No fn kidding! Being that the… 
Join us for a meeting of the minds behind movie reviews and more.  Film critic Klaus Eder &amp; fellow jurors; Greg Ham… 
[$20.77 Save 23%] #LightningDeal 91% claimed: 120 Inch 16:9 HD Projector Screen, P-JING Portable Widescreen Foldabl… 
“It’s cheaper than going to the movies, to be blunt about it,” Jarvis said.  
Is it me or do big movies lately be releasing nothing until a couple months before the movie and then suddenly thre… 
I avoided it and the movies. Not my thing. 
20+ movies and we don't know anything until IW. The number of movies that comes before does… 
They don't make movies like this anymore 
Police Academy is the best lol 80s still has the best movies &amp; tv shows 
Well we were introduced to Sauron in the first Lord of the Rings movie so Darkseid being in… 
Looks like they're on some kind of mission. 
New 'Pet Sematary' takes a deeper exploration of 
What they fear they seek to destroy. Experience the mysterious power of DARK PHEONIX, in theaters June 7th.… 
Co-workers of mine who saw it told me not to waste my time. They know I loved the Del Toro movies. 
Black Panther February Avenger :IW April, and both made a ton of money again there’s no fatigue only… 
Guys can y'all suggest any movies I can download. 
(I have no idea what FOMO is but) let me add that I hate going to the movies with children sitting… 
just soaking up the game you called Black Panther and fantastic four movies crazy how… 
The epic comedy adventure #MissingLink is certified fresh! Get tickets to see it now: 
The is so much that the Internet can offer you, that's if you are looking for empowerment, knowledge, skill, exposu… 
Romantic myths from stories/songs/movies are not realistic. Behavior associated with #domesticviolence is often por… 
Firstly data and airtime is expensive,it's unlike before where we used to only call after 8… 
If there's one month where you need to make a point of going to the movies, this is it. Of course there are lots of… 
Yeah, I usually piss my pants to scary movies but I didn’t to this one… 
They look like the people in old timey movies that are drunk at the fair in the town square and don’t know shit about life. 
Imagine having almost 20 years of X-Men live action movies and still X-Men: The Animated Series did 95% of the stor… 
was awesome! Good job DC. Now just to wait for Endgame. What a time for Superhero movies 
Call me corny but I still like going on dates, I like surprises, I like flowers, I like doing special things for my… 
Not gonna happen. DC has to make movies which make money. For that they'l… 
Hey! We went back to tha hood!  And made some noises. The last of the leprechaun in the hood movies… 
How about you stick to streaming movies and tv shows... 
The altar and cross are solid gold? You know how in movies it looks like shot is burning? But it’s… 
On this episode in 1967, singer #BobbySherman guest-starred on #TheMonkees episode "The Monkees at the Movies". 
 y'all know any good movies to watch right now? 
Stephen King's IT (1990) Kill Count Videos #horror: Stephen King’s It (1990) was my first introduction to Pennywise… 
What's your favorite musical scene in a movie? This is one of ours. Join us this afternoon to talk movies &amp; music.… 
Checkout (let me explain) on YouTube. The channel covers movies and series, its dope 
These movies have been great 
Make no mistake. As wealth is concentrated into fewer hands, as more demographics are targeted and marginalized, as… 
Oh bet. I’ll see you at the movies in Richmond dude 
In all fairness, K-Love ra… 
They hinted at things because they were expected to hint at things because that's what 5 p… 
Now that Disney has bought Fox does that mean we can have the Fox logo and fanfare in front of Star Wars movies again? 
Your point about TAS and the movies is spot on. They reduce all of his simmering complexity to boring, bossy, and straightedge. 
So when I see shit like that, it rubs me the wrong way. If you don't like a certain type of movie, then don't watch… 
#Sunil still has two more movies to do as a Hero !!He is happy for #Chitralahari 
Now I will really condemn myself: I think lipsticks only function is to simulate engorged vulv… 
What's your favorite thing about your Hogwarts House?Other than the overall Slytherin aesthetic which is awesome… 
Don't forget, discourse, video games, music, movies. Social media... 
What I would argue (and maybe pitch) is that the superhero genre on the big screen doesn’t serve the c… 
Any of the Adams Family movies 
My biggest problem is watching movies makes me super anxious because I hate crying for no reason so I’ll look up th… 
Would the Channel Awesome movies be redundant? If so, Lazer Team and its sequel are films I don't see talked about much. 
I always run to movies with happy endings when I'm sad 
Woke Netflix is best Netflix. That said, my wife absolutely refers to some movies as “boy movies”. 
"The Karate Kid" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I'm not. I'm talking about the movies. Didn't the novelization include Chewie's dea… 
Definitely the end of Cap and Ironman. But not the end of the avengers. We just gonna have new faces goi… 
Week 3 – Detroit, KC, Jackie Robinson &amp; Movies 
I better see better shows and movies on there then.. 
"Ad:" Funko Pop! Movies: Horror Jigsaw Tobin Bell Saw #52 Billy Vinyl Figure Brand New  F… 
They probably will use stock voices again, they've done this in recent Rider and Sentai movies/specials. 
Tony Tries To Pull Off The Impossible In New #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
Yeah he totally saved these oil rig workers (before he even met Lois) because he wanted to… 
The problem with watching movies where the main character is living their best life is now I want to move to a remo… 
only have seen 40 minutes of Beyoncé’s Homecoming and I highly recommend it. I’ve always liked concert movies/documentaries. 
What do you like to have going (ie, shows, movies, music, nothing) when you craft? 
I love your “promos” for all of your videos, it’s like watching all the coming attractions at the movies  
Lots of celebrities have had a cameo in #GameofThrones. Do you know who have been some of these special guests? … 
I guess I have to boycott their movies 
... You do realize you'll need all 11 star wars movies unlocked in full 4K hard dvd copies in order to… 
'Triple Frontier' Was Viewed by 52 Million Households in First Month, Netflix Claims #Movies #TV 
Marvel movies are overrated af 
Despite the fact that I have not enjoyed these movies, I do still get giddy every time I see a trailer! 
From This 'Dark Phoenix' Trailer, It Looks Like The Fox X-Men Movies Are Going Out With A Bang 
This makes my eye twitch like you see in the movies just before somebody "loses it."  Calling modern mainframe appl… 
I 100% thought I edited and posted this episode last week but it turns out I didn’t! Late but now available, Episod… 
Listen: Meet E.L. James' new heroine in The Mister #audiobook excerpt 
Please have a chapter on GI Jane, one of the greatest bad movies of all time. 
Audiences have pushed Hollywood to cast more women and people of color, but behind the camera, white men still rule… 
Check it out X-Men 
Lifetime movies are all about abusive mothers and drug addicts, so that’s fitting. 
Thank you. It's all them damn Final Destination movies daaaawg, oh hell naw 
Agreed without supersport dstv is rubbish filled with crap. Download Showbox and get all latest series and movies cheaper. 
hi! I just saw your video of people making fun of you for crying but i have to say watching your reac… 
I sued to go to see Tarzan movies way back when I was a kid, around 1954.Now the theater is gone and they don't ma… 
Good question. Whats the word again? Now define it. Did movies erase your vocabulary? 
Chucky's Out To Kill On This Creepy New #ChildsPlay Poster - 
Movie theaters in other cities have more expensive ticket prices, which makes it so people see less movies in theaters sadly 
The Mustang is one of the best movies of 2019 so far. Authentic and moving. 
and For so long they have voiced these beloved characters across mediums. Video gam… 
Why aren't you using the original actors from the movies as FCs for your High School Musical RPG? 
"As with the film 'Lemonade,' which included a Malcolm X audio clip, the singer puts herself directly in conversati… 
I'm 11 movies in but I'm doing the whole… 
It has begun they distracted you with phones and movies so no one showed 
Legends of Tomorrow Season 4 Episode 10 Recap - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
hello I got a entertainment pass which I want but some how I’ve been signed up to the movies pass and I’… 
IT'S TIME TO MAKE THE WISE CHOICE AND STOP PAYING OVER PRICED CABLE BILLS. SWITCH TO GRIFFIN STREAMZ LIVE TVWHY KE… 
People who say “no regrets” only mean it in the movies. 
Ugh this is one of my favorite “horror” movies. I don’t think someone intentionally making a gay horr… 
Oh snap! New #starwars movie on the horizon!!! 
‘My process is that I have no process’ 
I take that back. Mulan and Brave are some of the greatest movies ever 
By law Funimation couldn't hide his name or have Broly blank as the VA if it's his voice… 
I want my 15$ back. One of the worst movies from . . D… 
would likely be cross at me for saying this but I picked Jurassic Park, only because my fa… 
It’s way more fun to celebrate movies you enjoy than to put down ones you can’t stand 
1) the majority of teachers do not want to be armed because they understand it's a massive safety risk to themselve… 
#Movie "Train Wreck" (2008) 
Don't forget to come see Midnight Movies tonight! Breakthrough at 9:10PM, Five Feet Apart at 9:20PM, and Shazam (3D… 
can someone PLEASE make some good Percy Jackson movies? I need to relive my childhood through a quality cinematic experience 
Youve watched too many Clint Eastwood movies.The “good guy with a gun” is just a Hollywood myth.  A gunslinger on… 
It's almost as if a story over three movies would have different twists and turns to the story 
Someone needs to come do my job so I can go home and watch Treasure Planet. One of the greatest movies ever *cough cough* 
I mean, a little. But the first Thor was just poorly written in my opinion. It was a different time… 
We're getting more movies like After then 
Sex.. They make it seem so easy in the movies.#TheFunnyTruth 
did i tell you i recently watched The Lobster??? so weird but good! also Barbie movies  I’m dead. 
The Maui Film Festival serves up feasts, stars and entertainment. Come enjoy this incredible festival with A-list p… 
This week the Denison Public Library has 92 new books and 31 new movies.  New items include The Mule.… 
Netflix answering our dreams of books being made into movies. 
I know I’m late to the party, but The Greatest Showman is one of the best movies my eyeballs have ever seen  
Watch the most anticipated trailers of the week here: 
James L. Brooks and Mel Brooks only shared a movie year once.  In 1987, James L. Brooks released Broadcast News, an… 
Do you love or hate rollercoasters? — I love rollercoasters. I don’t like how loud they are, but everything else ab… 
i just downloaded 10 movies para di ma bored bukas 
I meant media like TV, movies, video games, etc, but the congress factoid is interestin… 
New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot Reveals Who Was Edited Out Of The Super Bowl Promo - 
All his movies 
Star wars I was 8. Saw the first 3 movies 100s of times. Very meanin… 
hi Chris super excited about the new movie you are always awesome in the avengers movies I love watchin… 
No, it hathn't..not one bit. With the dumb remakes &amp; fairytale movies, I wonder if Hollywood's best writers left town. 
Both series are fantastic, and deserved well-made movies. I do think PJ is better than Harry Potter, bu… 
Date with him: Fun discussion about games and movies full of great inside jokes.Date with her: Wil… 
Stan Lee has even said that he had to fig… 
Daniel Radcliffe Revealed That Sirius Black’s Death Hit Him Hardest In The Harry Potter Movies 
All I do is make music, perform, watch Vikings football, and go to the movies solo late at night to enjoy the movie in peace.  
Ultimately, I think he's a guy who has directorial strengths but probably never should have drifted in… 
Please subscribe if you love lesbian movies and TV shows. The channel is  currently obsesses with Killing Eve, but… 
An FYI to &amp; the Under-$50MM budget movies is all I write. Just 
The Now-Removed Tweet Where Sylvester Stallone Sexualizes His Daughters – Yet Again (Feb. 2018)… 
$5 Tuesdays at the movies is a blessing that saved my life. 
You are sharing vital wisdom to us free of charge. Our youth in South Africa don't care… 
‘Homecoming’ Review: Beyoncé the Creator 
not that you need it, but I wanted to remind you of what a legend you are, of how, even in your mainstre… 
9 days till Endgame...and I have yet to watch any trailers past the first teaser that dropped.I love go… 
Who's watching movies when the sky is falling? I am hiding under my bed with the cat. I don't have a cat. Or a bed.… 
New today at Frank "The Irishman" Sheeran - I Heard You Paint Houses#sopranos… 
Charlie’s Angels Images Reveal First Official Take a look at the New Group 
Contentious Movies: Ghostbusters Answer the Call (Ghostbusters #Ghostbusters… 
Star Wars: Master &amp; Apprentice Review 
I have decided, zilch on the news today. Gonna watch animated movies that make me smile, while I work on my bouquet… 
"‘Homecoming’ Review: Beyoncé the Creator" by AISHA HARRIS via NYT 
I totally agree! It's just unbelievably myopic and at best leads to interesting trailers and incomprehensible movies. 
"‘Homecoming’ Review: Beyoncé the Creator" by AISHA HARRIS via NYT The New York Times 
#Loki #LokiArmy Forever #AvengersEndgame Esperando, boletos listos  watching again MCU movies  #Avengethefallen 
Almost as bad as "life on the line"Apparently John Travolta has made a pact with Nicholas Cage to un… 
From NY Times: "‘Homecoming’ Review: Beyoncé the Creator" 
Breaking video news: ‘Homecoming’ Review: Beyoncé the Creator" via NYT #movies #films 
John &amp; Brian Smith are friends w/ John has sat with U-Man in the booth during many Cardinals games prior t… 
Once upon a time they'd created a swelling feeling of hope within me...but then they kept making movies. 
I don’t know how people can watch movies over and over again. Watching movies for a 2nd time is hard enough for me. 
Streaming Movie Review: ‘Homecoming’ Review: Beyoncé the Creator 
Toronto next month MIAMI in June MOVIES ALL SUMMER2019. #CVE 
Where do y’all prefer to watch movies? 
Kevin Feige Alludes That Future ‘Deadpool’ Movies Will Stay R-Rated At Marvel #Movies #TV 
And who would have thought that costuming for plays and movies takes such a physical toll on the human body? 
The 10 Best Movies Influenced By Leo Tolstoy 
At least in the other zombies shows they figure it out quickly, I mean week 5 and we are st… 
One Direction Fan Fiction Romance - Aviron PicturesOccasionally, there are movies that are more entertaining to h… 
Omg. This guy is me!!! When Panic! released new music last year I literally cried my eyes out and my boyfriend just… 
The Dramatic Ending of ‘Major League’ Never Should’ve Happened via 
Just cash your check from SOROS and go to the movies!  Your done don’t have much to work with 
I’d argue their style revolves around buddy relationship movies. And yeah, that scene was handheld and… 
I wanna be able to hook up a projector &amp; do this to other movies 
ARTHUR LAKE [Apr 17, 1905 - Jan 9, 1987], would be 114 today.Blondie's husband Dagwood Bumstead. He played the com… 
I cried after the ending of Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life. I also cried of several movies, and over… 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!The Last House On The Left #thelasthouseontheleft #comics… 
Thing I like about the X-Men movies is how they basically just said fuck continuity between films. Which you have t… 
Check out this list of best rock-n-roll moments in movies. And then come to this afternoon's Obermann Conversation… 
Three DC Comics Characters Who Deserve Their Own Movies - The Fuss 
Hard Lessons is in my Top 5 High School based movies, I think. That’s a classic classic 
Ok then. Ghostbusters 2016 is a Chick Flick because it's forced feminism and politically correct propa… 
I remember when me and my dad were scrolling through Netflix looking for some thing to watch and low and behold we… 
I don't have a friggin idea which movies belong to which production house. Ignorance is bliss. 
No.  Romance movies don’t appeal to most men.  “Chic flick” is a perfect and catchy description for a… 
Idk why I have this urge to binge watch all of the Halloween Town movies ... 
If you like movies, Blank Check With Griffin and David is hilarious. They’re doing a mini series on Ti… 
have you seen The Hunchback of Notre-Dame? — I have! It was one of my favorite Disney movies as a kid. I was super… 
Dark Phoenix | Final Trailer [HD] | 20th Century 
How can you condemn violence, but make some very violent movies? 
How do I block all Noah centineo movies from my Netflix account 
I just wanna lay in bed, watch movies, and nap all day 
While Charlie Chaplin's music may have been meant as an accompaniment to his movies, it can stand alone and provide… 
Friday: church from 9am to 10amchill Saturday : beer from 1pm to pmSunday: church from 10am to 11am… 
My name is Greg Lickteig. Dark Crystal is one of my favorite movies of all time. Vote for Dark Crystal...for me. Al… 
Marvel is just entertainment aimed at pop culture. Their plots have hints of humour, no dark themes,… 
Final #XMenDarkPhoenix Trailer Teases The End Of The Mutant Saga - 
Hands down John Williams makes the best symphony orchestrated soundtracks In the history of movies or anything soundtrack related. 
Watching Wonder Park at the movies and eating Whispers and popcorn... holidays are cool! #instapic #instagood… 
{3 Pack} Prime Zoom Phone Screen Enlarger + LED Lighted Pocket Magnifier + Keychain Magnifying Glass | Mobile Phone… 
Oh my GOD!!! They know I like Christopher Guest movies and music! My world would end if they knew… 
TOP 5 ROCK SONGS FROM 80s HORROR MOVIESFrom Listener Jason In Space Wasn’t That Bad5) Fastway - “Trick or Treat… 
There's a mentally disturbed 18 year old girl with a shotgun in my state. Obviously, it's time to close all the sc… 
#Movie "Float" (2007) 
Honestly it's like y'all didn't watch the last eleven movies or something 
Then when I fall or if I do a montage of terrible 60’s surf dancing movies flashes 
yeah exactly! i had a big binder of pokemon cards haha i loved it. And catching up on games and movi… 
Just been reading about The Many Faces of Beth Jones - an unexpected breezy comic short that debuted at the UK's Ra… 
When people think of Artificial Intelligence, they most likely think of scenes from science fiction movies, but in… 
As a longtime listener &amp; supporter of KLO… 
Looking for more new footage? 
This week the Ferguson Municipal Public Library District has 27 new books and 15 new movies. 
This week the Kirkwood Public Library has 184 new books, 12 new movies, and three new music CDs. 
Superheroes and an elephant will be waiting for you! 
ummm.. excuse you, but theres also a pooulation of women who also like star wars and super hero movi… 
Hey why are the titles English, but the movies another language? 
It's the best of the three movies and, strangely, the only one that flopped in theaters. 
How dare you! I do NOT waste my time on crap movies. 
Then, on top of that, they're heist movies.  
Anyone that would hug a loaf of white bread isn't an actual fan of bread. He doesn't… 
#NightmareBeforeChristmas 25th Anniversary #Miniature Action Figure Collectible Toys 6-Piece Set… 
Telluride always has a great lineup. The little movies are gems, too. 
At just 14, 'black-ish' star Marsai Martin is a Hollywood mogul in the 
movies! movies! 
I already said, I don't give a flying shit if you like these movies, but the… 
Never seen it . And I'ma let y'all have it. I'm sticking with marvel movies only. 
Thank God I got an answer to "the big bowl" situation! #DerryGirls via 
Please, that Captain America does not die, I'm very sad because it's ending Avengers. Should have more Avengers movies 
From 10 Fascinating Facts to Trailer Reactions, it’s all about the movies. Come grab a seat at The… 
.... You're a clown. And the left is done. You're part of the demise. And btw...you're a great actor. I… 
Elexa and I made a schedule so we can watch all the Harry Potter movies before we go to Universal Studios. What doe… 
'Avengers: Endgame' Directors Ask Fans To Not Spoil The Movie - Heroic Hollywood 
ღ Hallmark movies 2017 The Bride He Bought Online ღ Romantic hallmark movies ღ 
Hallmark Valentine Movies 2017 A Country Wedding Hallmark Romantic Movies 2017 Funny 
Romantic Comedy Movies 2019 – Best Romantic Comedy Movies Full Length English (For Love or Money) 
‘Avengers: Endgame’ directors urge fans not to 'spoil it for others' after reported leak 
#melee which decade was the best era for both movies and music? 
New pod coming up this week! We're back to Movie Madness with Part IV. Mount Rushmore of Comedies since 2000?To… 
I already told you they don't produce such movies again. DC is now slowly becoming like marv… 
#AvengersEndgame Promo Reveals New Footage Of Hawkeye And Black Widow - 
Dumbest logic I've heard in a while. DC has produced thought provoking movies which they don… 
At the end of each trip it grew harder &amp; harder to say goodbye. I stayed planted as he walked away, tracking his ro… 
Lol crying in centuries of African tears Lost To Land Grabbing... At least its in the movies. 
Delusional and brainwashed. Some tiny fraction of people care about the gender of the… 
Do I watch any of the new and exciting programs and movies on Netflix?Or do I just watch La La Land again? 
A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child (1989) KILL COUNT Video #horror: A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Drea… 
unfortunately there were three K9 movies with JB. K-9, k-911, and k-9:PI. This trilogy is right up… 
I don't need white people white washing the stories of muslims for the the sake of other… 
LOVED Top End Wedding with the wonderful Miranda Tapsell. It's out May 2 - go see it! BRB, just booking flights to… 
Poor Ant-Man. 
The theme was apes from various movies/TV shows #sketchbook 
That's also why I don't rail on JJ's Star Trek movies. They're not great, but they're not the worst. To… 
Yep all good now, didn’t realise movies had disappeared aswell as SkySports but all back and correct now thankyou. 
You said Disney was responsible for those films when that's not the case,… 
Collection of 6 movies for $19.99 featuring Amber Wells, Lily Anna, Hannah Perez, Jasmine St James, Jennifer, Cali… 
Bedbugs are a now common occurrence in movie theaters. Lysol won't touch them. Do a thorough search of self and bel… 
As an anime/manga fan myself, I expect nothing less. We need more movies in… 
Check out the fresh movies we have showing at Ster-Kinekor right now! Book now and watch any of these at a Ster-Kin… 
Okay, so has anyone out there seen both the anime AND the live action Ghost in the Shell? I'm trying to decide if t… 
People who cry about star war movies need to seek a mental health evaluation and stop drinking estrogen filled soy milk 
But I've been watching all the Marvel movies lately, so I'm betting with a raccoon at my side I'll be a normal huma… 
* on netflix original movies 
Yeah but not movies, cartoons way better 
With big movies and shows coming out this month, I thought it would be a good time to post on spoiler etiquette.… 
I know man these critics want all the movies the same 
I really want to go the movies and drink lots of wine... That's all I need in my life rn. Well, cuddles wouldn't hurt either. 
#BreakthroughMovie is a must-see miraculous true story. Take your family to see it in theaters this Easter.… 
Only an idiot would think this, the term identifies as style of movies and many people don't like them… 
The best zero to hero character was #kuzco in Emperors New Groove!!! Seriously one of the best underra… 
Um, how do you have your job? Their aren't movies genres that get lumped with men? Exsqueeze me? 2 sec… 
THE ASCENT 2019 Extended Cut #Film #Video #TV #Movies #IndieFilm… 
Is it sad that I’m watching Christmas movies...? They’re my guilty pleasure. 
A simple search on Twitter told me more about Sol Pais than local news sources.  Her online diary, inquiries on gun… 
I've watched all the Avenger movies, I don't remember the heroes much. I'll watch the recap… 
Maybe you need to find some real men, Salt a aside, we don't use that to describe a movie for women, w… 
picturing a bunch of kids who look like Dudley Dursley goofing around reading Ayn Rand &amp; bad translations of Thucyd… 
To be a success in my eyes, The Six Million Dollar Man film has to include cheesy sound effects, a role for Lee Maj… 
Or, maybe (just maybe) he's happy and super excited for a movie and… 
5 Annoying Ways Movies Break The Fourth Wall #goodlaugh #laughing 
Will Rogers was a star of Broadway and 71 movies of the 1920s and 1930s 
#Movie "The Cartel" (2009) 
Top 10 Scary Nightmare Scenes from Movies #horror: Oh, do I love a creepy and scary nightmare movie scene. Here are… 
10 Dark Theories About Family Movies That Actually Make Sense #horror: These dark film theories often take some uns… 
Repeat bad joke warning...“I’ll take movies that don’t need a remake for a $1000, Alex (get well)”“A movie abou… 
Hopefully by now has learned its lesson and will plan things better with movies and keep the same Di… 
I’m having a girls night with Celinas  this weekend she’s spending a night I can’t wait. Kandi sesh and movies 
Who should play #Batman in the upcoming solo film &amp; take over the cowl in #DC movie universe? We make our picks:… 
Netflix Only Has 35 Movies from the IMDB Top 250 List in Its US Streaming Library - Streaming Observer 
Used to go to movies at the Kee Theater in Kiester for $1. Good times! 
What comes next? 
There were female heroes well before them who are in some of the most highly regarded mov… 
I have literally nothing to do today, so I’m trying to figure out what movies I can watch. I’m thinking of maybe go… 
It really sucks that Clark Gregg was relegated to TV. I miss him in the movies. 
Budget kam ho kar bhi big budget movies se jyada achchhe vfx &amp; fight scenes the Kesari me. 
Bollywood really needs to stop using too much VFX in their movies! They do a horrible job at it... look at Jodha Ak… 
AMC orders pilot script For Stephen &amp; Owen King novel Sleeping Beauties 
It’s just entertainment, just like Hollywood movies. Though i agree Africans lack focus. 
i know  a lot of people  Love Friends but the Smash Bros series is only to celebrate games not TV series or movies like Friends 
Um.  It’s not the movies. 
smh, bruhh they still playin Jacky Chan movies, can you believe that? 
Hi there, can you please be so kind and tell about any movie releasing plans for Fantastic Beasts? And… 
Non of these tf. Its gonna be at a vineyard. The alter is going to be more dramatic than those houses you see in Bo… 
I rly want to make a character focused ttrpg based on kaiju movies. There's well established character archetypes t… 
Planning an outing to the #mall or #movies? Messy car from the kids? Check out our current #Promo with #KwikFit at… 
#Kollywood latest crime thriller #Sathru starring #PariyerumPerumal fame  releasing soon on .… 
Today is Gabriel #GarciaMarquez's death anniversary, one of the greatest #LatinAmeriican authors  Coming soon "On… 
chick movies chick movies chick movies chick movies check movies you pathetic idiots. Even women call… 
Please be good, please be good, please be good...First Look: Sam Raimi &amp; Alex Aja's alligators &amp; hurricanes flick… 
— I have been cleared for a few days.— Maybe we should have some more time.— Yes we can have the same thing.— I… 
Star Wars is garbage now anyway, what kind of loser would cry watching one of those awful movies? 
‘Star Wars’ fans keep fueling the Force as Disney expands the galaxy far, far, away - 
‘Avengers: Endgame’ directors ask fans not to ruin the movie’s ending 
Really? Should I be though? I don’t feel like your tweets make this a thing. I don’t know. Maybe becau… 
They are called "chick flicks" because men do not like to watch them. What a truly stupid thing to call se… 
13TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
I am SICK TO DEATH of the #books and movies where the city girl has to give up everything for love because HE decid… 
#CrazyRichAsians has become one of my favorite movies ever - and I love movies.  It is so fun, so romantic, crafted… 
I always said the worse things about these movies is that they will end someday. That day is almost here  
I actually wanna go to the movies with someone. 
Things I’ve learned.... undateable  cargo shorts are bad... *** looks down and realizes he is weari… 
Loudest one in the room is the weakest one in the room. - Frank Ocean. One of the few movies I can watch over and o… 
I am way more excited about these films than I probably should be but here we are.R.L. Stine’s Fear Street trilog… 
10 Horror Movies That Will Give You Nightmares #horror: Some horror movies leave you too scared to sleep and may le… 
Light Videos               Wed 10:30 - 11:30pmEach week The Church of… 
tbh most of the movies are way too sad and you didn’t really miss that much 
I've got some messed up movies for you if you want to watch them. 
Where do you guys stream movies? 
Suryavanshi bhi hag dega aur Salman ki next movie bi.. your brain is in your a**. Just like commercial Bollywood movies. 
I do not agree with you so I do not have to read all your blogs. I agree many of the church will remain… 
Andhadhun China Box Office Collection Day Wise via News Update | Movies News,Bollywood Movies News,Latest News 
BREAKING NEWS: People who like movies are now UNDATEABLE. The only eligible bachelors are SOY-FREE, emotionless, bo… 
I hate that there aren't more like you. Those who spoil movies deserve their karma.… 
Trevor how about Denzel Washington. I do r think you ever had him. That would be a great… 
I used to have a guy I would meet in the parking lot of Cheddars to buy movies.  
I’ve never seen it-I’ll have to check it out-big fan of his-I love him in So many movies!! 
Need to stock up on snacks, Not sure how my holidays are going to be like gongwe ama just be home gone fa watching… 
I don't think most of the movies are good. There's a few exceptions. 
Lmao Matlab Ironman successful nahi hoti toh Marvel movies banana chhod deta?  Ye kya logic hua?… 
The interesting thing about people liking 4-year-old Letterboxd reviews is that it reminds me of movies that, if I’… 
FROM thinking that typical scene in movies where parents sentimentally watch their kids sleep was soppy no… 
I might be a conspiracy nut but why is TV and movies all leaning left? Jussie gets a free pass and… 
We're talking about this on #The734 today... Who is responsible for avoiding spoilers? With as popular as the… 
I've been seeing stuff about how movies need to have much more diverse casting and all that now, which is completel… 
I need someone to watch scary movies with me and not get annoyed when I cover my eyes and then immediately ask what’s happening. 
awkward kisses in movies are always cringy 
Unpopular opinion: All of the Marvel movies are way overrated and End game is going to be a 3 hour sjw-fest. P. S. I know how it ends. 
#Movie "Teenage Bonnie and Klepto Clyde" (1993) 
Movies and series all day. 
Back when Nigerian movies where the ishh 
For a #Crypto that was supposed created as a joke coin it seems to just keep going....   #Cryptocurrency   $DOGE… 
Audiences want subject matter which is relatable when it comes to positive emotions and distanced when it comes to… 
Our Lenexa City Center Library will open its doors for the first time on Sunday, June 2, 1 - 5 pm. You can catch th… 
 Happy #WerewolfWednesday, friends! Did your favorite werewolf #horrormovie make the list? … 
Blues are like the Capitals before last year. The stigma of choking in the playoffs will be there until it isn’t. Y… 
No, I'm not into movies much, any longer... 
• Australian Film Costumes Collection | National Film &amp; Sound Archive: #CostumeDesign… 
Movies and series  #LifeIsIncompleteWithoutIt 
New Action Movies 2016 Full Movies English Hollywood - Action Movies 2016 Full Length English-Segment 2 
8 BACKLIST MOVIES I WANT TO WATCH ASAP 
The Date 
us. Like literally, us. HAHAHA not sure sa movies now  
'Avengers' directors pen letter asking fans not to share spoilers 
Sahi pakde hai. Singh Is Bling, Brothers, boss were shit. &amp; upcoming 'suryavanshi' is also gonna be s… 
STAG MOVIES WITHOUT LUST 
I’d suggest that he thinks they’re some kind of Democratic horcrux, but there’s no way he had the at… 
Tweeps, where do u download movies? 
Two tropes from 80s movies I miss:* Rocker just one screw up away from his hard ass dad (whom he calls “the colon… 
Wait, so they made an All-Digital version of their console which will heavily restrict your options in terms of how… 
My 5 Favorites are1. The Social Network2. Call Me By Your Name3. Life of Pi4. Boyhood5. Moonli… 
Pretty sure that dude on the video is toxic. It's obvious he lives in the land of make believe. Sure, p… 
No one anywhere thinks all comedys are "chick flicks".And yeah there ARE "guy movies"Heres a goid ex… 
Lol he appreciate legends like Micheal Jackson don’t you watch movies? 
Want to find age-appropriate apps, movies, and other content for your student?  Check out Common Sense Media… 
Yeah tell them man... Same tards were complaining about black panther be making all whites movies 
Heyi. As a rule I don't do rape scenes in movies/tv. At all at all. 
I mean I did get Tyler some high school prices when we went to the movies but that kid / dude looks fresh outta the vagg 
that would be crazy maybe for overall as the name through 3 shows and movies 
I'll be in my hotel room watching movies, eating and sleeping 
You think you can skip hot yoga class, order a CHEESE pizza, get turned on by an eGirl in Finals of a tournament an… 
making movies is all that i have at this point. this Dream has cost me everything. 
My concerntration span is too low for movies  
I am a Star Wars fan, OT for me please, and I love super hero movies. But what really offends me about this tweet?… 
how come no indian movies of the 80s and 90 on streaming . Want Mithun , govinda , Anil Kapo… 
Yeah...no....Godfather I &amp; II are slow compared to today’s films but the stories within and classic… 
If we cringe so hard on watching our old video recordings, imagine the cringe for actors on some of their shittier… 
Maybe they'll finally figure out that people don't follow actors/go to their movies because they want… 
These Bollywood movies are cringeworthy &amp; I say this being an Indian. 
We had vittalacharyas movies in the south growing up. He was way ahead in times compared to. JKR 
Family Movie Night Movies (that aren’t cartoons) on 
Hot take: the Rocky movies are just western shonen 
"Braveheart" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Watching my wife take my credit card and go shopping.Who needs movies? 
This weather makes me want to stay in bed all day want watch movies . 
HAHA Surprise! Watched 2 additional movies today. Tomorrow’s gonna be for acads  
Netflix movies are the best.  
Superhero Bits: Fans Want Henry Golding as 'Shang-Chi,' 'Big Hero 6' Animated Series Renewed &amp;amp; More - /FILM… 
China sponsors enemy countriesHullabaloo when movies released elsewhere 
Save the  save the  horror movies about predators can cripple their conservation chances 
Esa hi kuch logone mujje Race 3 aur Tubelight see phle bi kha tha.. you know what happened next? Now,… 
is a later day version of the 1950's American door to door vacuum cleaner salesman in old American… 
I need Twitter's opinion.Last week Luke and I went out Friday, and then we are going out again this Friday. Provi… 
Via resuermagazine.#cinema #film #movie #movies #actor #art #hollywood #cinematography #love #films #actress… 
Happy birthday !! Your movies have made a lot of us smile during tough times. Thank you for that. 
What Movie Did the Actors Who Played These Superheroes Appear in Together? 
This better be some fake news literally the only reason I got the service was for this show. I own t… 
Rotten tomatoes disabled it’s review platform because so many butt hurt people reviewed captain marvel badly before… 
Animation DC &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Animation MarvelMarvel Movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; DC MoviesDON'T ME ABOUT THIS, THE NUMBERS DON'T… 
#ShareYourBiggestLie come over We'll only watch movies 
Love the Misery page cover. Definitely one of my favorite movies 
#MCURewatch Doctor Strange is a great movie. Cumberbatch is perfect casting. Cant wait to see future Doctor Strange… 
I think seeing fat kids being used for comedy in 80s movies really screwed with my head as I developed through pube… 
Hey! I loved the movie! I look forward to the next ones. And now that they had the honor of st… 
Such a great writer. The Movies are basically flawless but the book gives you even more 
‘Kalank’ review: visual grandeur takes over plotline 
R Gopalakrishnan’s love for collecting film stills  
#Movie "Prince Paradise" (2014) 
I work at a school. I wish every parent taught their kids not to spoil movies. I couldn’t see Last J… 
Kerala State Chalachitra Academy’s archives is a treasure trove for film lovers 
My boys loved those movies. Bribe them with movie snacks and they’ll soon be hooked! 
#PleaseDonotShowWhoDoingTheVoicesWhilePromotingAnimatedMovies if you do it then what is the point of doing these mo… 
Now its like WE HAVE to know who doing them and i hate that..We have to see them behind the mic as they do it.. I H… 
I want to feel that these are exactly these characters voices .. So PLEASE don't tell us who are those voices behin… 
I don't want to see their names and faces while you guys talking about the animation movies..that really make me ma… 
The deeper you dig, the darker and colder it gets. #2daysToGo #PetSematary – in cinemas this #FRIDAY!Get your ti… 
I want to say to people who makes animation movies.. Please don't put who doing the voices on the characters when p… 
Literally all I want to do is cuddle up and watch movies dooooood!! 
Kids likes superhero type movies 
3 days max.Watch movies or have sex. 
Today's Throwback: The Endless (2017) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: Two brothers return to the cult they fle… 
She’s the best.  Intelligent, strong, determined, fearless. While the left has to go to movies to see strong ficti… 
I’m an old soul I guess..love this song, if it’s based off a movie don’t think I’ve ever seen it. I like a lot of S… 
Small one around the corner from me. They often run “rent 15 movies for R150” specials  
This person is not undateable just because he is passionate about his movies, at least he has full passion in somet… 
Over the years we've seen a lot of adult turns into a child movies. However, Little somehow has taken the concept a… 
I love Hallmark movies 
You'll never walk alone. Watch #SaintJudy in cinemas on the 19th of April 2019.Get your tickets here… 
Show me horror: The best of the scary movies shot in Missouri 
Movies 2019 - 125. Lawless (2012; written by Nick Cave; directed by John Hillcoat) (3 tacos)Perfectly okay n… 
NCAA National Championship Ratings Fall 13% From Last CBS Title Game - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
A friend of mine owns a Mr Video franchise store in Rustenburg. Havent been there in almost a year no… 
Alice In Wonderland is one of my favourite movies of all time I’ll never get over it 
hope receive the wallet. 
What makes the ‘Kanchana’ franchise tick? 
"Avengers: Endgame" fans have their own mission to complete: Don't spoil the movie's ending. 
minmin luvs marvel movies so much huhuhu i hope he gets to watch endgame ! my cutiecake 
I mean no disrespect to Mama Ortsgy but what was wrong with sticking to the original FCs from the movies for 
Short Films &amp; Indie kind no film connoisseur can live without.”Tags:… 
I quit netflix because you dont have any frikking movies and you arent worth a buck. 
The 10 Must-Watch Movies For Finance Professionals via 
When you’re busy crushing, nothing else matters. #LittleMovie in cinemas this FRIDAY – 19th of April 2019. Book h… 
Lol I hate movies mna ke 
I didn't watch this ,, i am not a fan of bollywood movies ,, indian regional and hollywood is far better then bollywood  
Amazon Best Sellers in Movies &amp; TVThe Land Before Time: The Complete 
"I think people who cry about Star Wars movies are lame. This is what video games and soy does to pe… 
Yes because soccer games are enjoyed best aripa live unlike movies. 
Check out Harry Potter and thr half blood prince 26.5 X 39.5 reversible movie poster  via… 
Trump News Cycle Spurs Extra Chatter at Sirius XM - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
In their defense, the most recent one was just a combo of past movies (personally my favorite one) and it… 
Movies are written by the producers as the actors perform. 
There will always be hostility when you are fighting for humanity. #SaintJudy #2DaysToGoIn cinemas this #FRIDAY –… 
Check Out the Crazy New Trailer for Gotham’s Final Two Episodes - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Not exactly but I dig all action movies... I did see the last Hellboy movie... 
Movies #GalaxyS10 
Can we get an episode on either Eight Legged Freaks or Evolution? Two movies ripe for the pickings! 
The Quarry: Michael Shannon and Shea Whigham Re-team for Scott Teems Production - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
"But you need to remember, even when something ends, it is Marvel, after all,” he shrugs. “An ending is an ending u… 
#Movie "Don't Worry Baby" (2015) 
DirecTV Bundles library contains the best movie to be streamed on Ultra HD meaning in 4K.#DirecTVBundles… 
When I was little, I wanted to be one of those people with their little brushes finding fossils like in the movies.… 
'Lupin the Third' Creator Monkey Punch Dies #Movies #TV 
I just watched Blade Runner (1982) #trakt 
NEVER FORGET! Take you to the movies - Bangs " With Lyrics " via 
Alk the movies suck yes,  but there's no mature reason to shout it out to everyone ..many people enjoy t… 
I'd rather date a guy into superhero movies than a conservative who only gets off by shaming others on Twitter. 
Behind every mask, there’s a story. Book your #PetSematary tickets here IN CINEMAS FRIDA… 
Any horror movies? 
Roommate bonding getting smashed on frozen swamp water from and watching movies. 
#AudieMurphy was one of the most decorated soldiers of #WorldWarII. #Actor #JamesCagney was responsible for bringin… 
Regardless if there are spoilers posted online, I'm still watching End Game in the big screen.… 
Nigerian movies and witchcraft 
There is more holiday fun to be had with Movies at the Equestrian Centre tomorrow - Thursday 18 April. We'll introd… 
That is happening since last year .. all big event movies are failing ,  most of medium and small movies are succee… 
Been watching too many American movies. Unfortunately in the US parents charge rent to their kids o… 
shows how much i know, you meant the creator of lupin III i thought it was some other show... didn't know who… 
Disney movies as represented by pics of Alistair Krei: 
Shazam is a cute movie, but not one to be watched several times. I loved it the 1st time, and was surprisingly bore… 
At the end of the day it bows down to preference  really...look at the fan base tha… 
After binge watching all current shrek movies (excluding puss in boots), here is my tier list 
Drew Goddard Eyes Thriller Sabrina as Next Project - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Me when watching any of #TheAvengers movies #GalaxyS10 
Sure it’s not cheap, but it certainly doesn’t take up nearly as much time or resources than developing a conlang an… 
Running in movies since 1981. 
Excellent reviews from the press media for #Thadam movie. Watch the suspense thriller starring now on… 
One of my favorite movies of all time. One of those you can’t turn it off if you catch it on tv.. 
"Sides of a Storm" by bonesofether - Transformers (Bay Movies) #fanfiction #bayverse 
Join us for an outdoor movie night Easter spectacular at Suncoast on Sunday! What better way is there to spend the… 
Basketball movies &gt;&gt; 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame, say #Russobrothers after footage from ‘#AvengersEndGame’ leaks on internetFor More Informat… 
I’m just gonna make this my own thread. I really do hate how so many big budget fantasy and sci-fi movies are so la… 
I think you need to watch movies first.. 
#Movie "We the Economy: 20 Short Films You Can't Afford to Miss" (2014) 
Stephanie Beatriz, Daphne Vega-Rubin And Dascha Polanco Join In The Heights | News | Movies - Empire 
See all 22 Marvel movies come together in this trailer for Avengers: Endgame 
The Younger 
Of course you can. I have nightmares. Essentially since technology has made movies so v… 
well the Russo’s did say they will still be doing superhero movies but who knows. maybe they will do squirrel girl  
ones. Let's begin, the King movies, from worst to best.No Majesty-11 hours agoStephen King directs the worst adap… 
Breakthrough Movie #BreakthroughMovie #BreakthroughFilm… 
Spending the day with my daughter watching movies and snuggling  
he doesnt do nudity. He said he didn't understand why nudity needed to be in movies and… 
Totally 80s, again: Before 1980s-themed events, Danny O'Connor picks top '80s movies via 
When you turn this poster upside down you'll notice each character's reflection is them in their first movies, is t… 
It’s the only superhero movies I really enjoy 
Go see Unplanned!!!! Get everyone you know to go see it! Support movies like this. It’s vital in this day and age. 
At the movies . Watching San Andreas on 3D . #GalaxyS10 
Bye bye Lori....see you in ten or twenty, really liked your movies but don’t think hallmark will take you back in 2050!!! 
I love horror 2. But can't watch scary movies anymore. But love   2 read it 
We all have things we love. We dont know why we love them but we do. Cars, movies, comic books, music we are called… 
Those who love sin and are too much a part of this world will have a problem, this man is just poi… 
I just finished all of the Harry Potter movies and I have a single question for you. What happened to t… 
I hope one day we get to see all three movies back in theaters 
Everyone I know has always hated Chucky movies! Me too! 
I would love to watch that. I love football movies 
Also, i want to stress that the biggest reason i dont like JJ directing 9 is that i loved the idea of th… 
Yep... #MKnightShyamalan movies take place in disarmed #SlaveStates because they'd be over in eight minutes were they set in any #FreeState. 
On  WGRA-DB The Drifters - Saturday Night At The Movies . Tell your friends 
Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations 
From Facebook to Twitter and everything else, there's a lot to be learned from #movies. Enjoy our list of 10 movies… 
register and download Blu-ray movies 
You are not alone that's for sure, one thing good I don't spend any time watching movies anymore, lol 
Kalank’s melodies need that magic touch 
Time travelling with Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan 
Elton John biopic 'Rocketman' to premiere at 
I feel they'll keep making Trinity Seven movies or OVA's. S2 is a possibility. But the author is got to write. A lot too. lol. 
Old forums are creepy... It feels like those movies where the people disappear suddenly... Half-eaten m… 
Julianne Moore to Lead Stephen King’s Lisey’s Story for J.J. Abrams - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I don't like hindi movies but I love Indian actresses.  
I can’t believe I’m gonna go watch endgames when I havent seen like 17/20 movies they have 
This year I’ve been collecting shows/movies and rewatching them accordingly. Started with all the Marvel Movies in… 
My Blood Brother Keith Vitali and I hanging out this last Sunday having a great time as always! Could be some new m… 
Disney chief Bob Iger says that the company’s bid for 21st Century Fox assets would never have happened if it weren… 
11am at the movies alone  
Good! I don’t want to watch shows or movies w either one of them in it now 
I’ve heard of it but never watched it. I’ll have to check it out. I’m usually good with tho… 
Bollywood Can’t compete with South Indian Cinema. They need to merge with them which they are doing b… 
The Big Twist in ‘Shazam!’ Hides Another Fun Easter Egg 
Their documentaries, movies and series. 
Elisabeth Moss Has a Reputation for Darkness. ‘Her Smell’ Is No Exception. - 
The History of America In 12 Movies 
They don't make good movies like this anymore  
I went back and watched/rewatched a lot of the earlier movies with an eye out for infinity stones, and… 
His name is Eric Butts and he posted it on YouTube channel originally. I'm a subscrib… 
oh please... lol... you've never heard of.... Buddy Movies which has somehow devolved into... Bromance… 
420 blunts snacks and movies my place be there or be square . Jk only my friends aloud. 
"Unbreakable" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Thnx buddy! Another question, any Mystery, Horror/Drama/idek anymore Movies? 
One of the best little kid movies! #humor #chuckle #smirk #playful 
Where are all those people that where condemning some concerns that were happening last month, sayi… 
Only Rosie? But she's in the movies for 5 seconds 
I just watched Centurion (2010) #trakt 
Probably an unpopular opinion, but I think the Matrix Reloaded is the best in the trilogy and has arguably the best… 
No cap but mouse made all them movies lit  
Gettin' my dose of #Upgrade then gonna get my fill of the awesome original movies on #Netflix. Theaters should be a… 
They have whole websites for viewing shows/ movies together. All the comp… 
Funko Movies: POP! Star Wars - Cloud City 3 Pack, Lobot, Ugnaught, Bespin Guard - Walmart Exclusive -… 
Serious, feels like something out of the movies. 
PLEASE click view … #media #actor #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent… 
Poor analogy.  I don’t sit through movies that don’t interest me. 
I’ll be doing a poll to decide on the movies. 
I don’t like the recap movies 
I'm really liking Kimberly-Sue Murray as the Queen. I wish we'd get a season 4 (or series of movies, I'm open to al… 
I’m gonna be so pissed if the new avengers is just them using the time stone traveling through time retracing their… 
Some ppl shouldn’t. They advice only works in fanfics &amp; cliche romance movies 
The New York Times Organized Crime, Movies"He’s the ‘Albanian Gangster’ on Film (It Wasn’t Much of a Stretch)" by M… 
Teen Spirit and Her Smell Elevate the Power of Pop PerformanceTeen Spirit and Her Smell elevate the power of pop p… 
#Movie "From the Sky Down" (2011) 
1 of my favorite movies... 
Do you agree? 
Only the fearless Zafar can defeat the fierce! #Kalank in cinemas 
Most MCU movies are bad 
ABCNEWS reports Here's a look back at some of the movies that have featured the famed Notre Dame cathedral.… 
The New York Times Television, Movies"What’s on TV Wednesday: ‘Homecoming’ and ‘Breakthrough’" by GABE COHN via NYT 
#Iniya: Glammed up for a role! Read more at: 
.ikamalhaasan -shankarshanmugh big budget #Indian2 dropped???LycaProductions  it seems is doubtful about recoveri… 
.Actress_Indhuja plays a football team captain in #Thalapathy63!Read more at: 
Who will replace Daisy Edgar Jones in Rajamouli’s RRR? 
.Aparnabala2 is upbeat about #SooraraiPottru  and working with Suriya_offl Read more at: 
#Nayanthara is the new face of Tanishq 
#AdithyaVarma shoot progressing at fast pace! 
Marvel Phase 4 will be Hawkeye movies only. The first one is an origin story about his sleeve tattoo. 
I need some new movies &amp; shows to watch 
and if she was like that why would she invite Kangna fo… 
And I've made it through 2016! 
 please save us the scary movies 
Also everyone where cargo shorts to starwars and superhero movies 
Find a book and tons of movies and maybe a fave granny to visit and hang out with. Daai ouens het baie wysheid. 
Ill just keep in mind i was at the movies this late w i dont wanna get up tomorrow (: 
In the words of Anaïs Nin, “We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.”… 
Keep raising prices Netflix. It’s not a forever business model. Plus your original movies mostly blow. So yeah..the… 
did u always know unbreakable would be followed up by two more movies??.... I finally watched "glass" very impressive 
One thing that stands out is how The Game 23 uses… 
My favorite voice actor for animated TV/Movies 
can youtube stop playing ads that are for horror movies. it’s to late for that mess! 
Honestly this doesn’t even scratch the surface on ‘87 movies. It’s too hard to choose 
Maybe movies. But I don't see myself getting an 8k TV when that's a thing. Just getting 60FPS in gene… 
Tatum is talking and laughing in her sleep, I can’t do it. I watch too many scary movies. 
That’s not fast food!! No movies theatre. No place to have a drink. And if you do meet up with some… 
Haven't seen Michael Moore run for office or take a job that serves the people,he makes movies for $, w… 
Enjoy FREE open-air movie screenings this Easter Sunday and Monday at Oracle Boulevard in Broadbeach. Kick back on… 
Pictures are just very short movies. 
Are we spanning all genres, or just animated movies? 
I can't watch shows like The Office, or movies like There's Something About Mary. Not "can'… 
SALE on Amazon Today! Our Magnetic Phone &amp; Tablet Holder is perfect for watching movies in your bed on phone or tab… 
When all we want is local movies...Why Akhona Why? 
Guild Says "Thousands" of Writers Have Fired Their Agents Already #Movies #TV 
‘The Sound of Silence’ With Peter Sarsgaard and Rashida Jones Acquired By IFC Films - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Have you seen the new Twitter emojis yet? 
This stuff is a HUGE part of why I struggled through the first (not at all long) book of that series and… 
Netflix movies are the crumbs in the bottom of the bag an idiot pays you for 
I’ll go. I love the movies  
Moose was thebest dancer in all them StepUp movies 
I mean, in my case it was my dad and older sister laughing &amp; my mom being all pinch faced at… 
Brilliant idea! Black Sails is now in my list of movies to watch. I love this kind of research 
FIELD OF DREAMS is a great father-son film; one of only two movies that choke me up every time. 
This dude is precious and must be protected at all cost. Nothing wrong with being excited and happy about movies! 
I hate trolls who spoil movies. They ruin it for others. #dontspoiltheendgame #avengers4 #endgame… 
just bc they havent explicitly mentioned it in the movies doesnt make it… 
and I would have been exposed to all that at a much more easily-influenced age. So in that aspect, im actually glad… 
I hate stupid people who spoil movies for others. They make a good target though.… 
Same movies from 3 years ago on the main page lol. 
He got game is one of my favorite movies 
Legit better movies than some in this collection, let's be honest. 
#Movie "Gunman's Walk" (1958) 
the amazzzzing screen on the samsung s10 will most definitely improve the quality of how i watch movies on the… 
free tonight. watching movies. which cuck bitch wants to be drained? feeling like rinsing your wallets … 
Wow, you can watch movies on your dash but they remove this simple feature.That's so dumb lol. 
No Asians… It’s Just Not My Thing 
He's not very happy about it. 
The music, fashion, movies, the whole lifestyle yakdala dude....most teens didn't even have phones, the… 
I want a best friend to go the aquariums, museums, movies, fucking loncheras with, Pero no jalan  
Why do I watch bad Nic Cage movies well........Nic Cage of course I can’t help it 
But this was alrwady 8 movies before that and it has an early reference to exactly what's happening. 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame, say Russo brothers after footage from ‘Avengers: Endgame’ leaks on internet 
Apple Is the Real Winner in Spotify’s Battle Against Songwriters’ Rate Hike - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I love it when Yeshua sends me on the mission field. I did some work also on TV and movies. Background an… 
I don’t buy a lot of movies on disc anymore (mostly digital purchases) but the discs I do buy are beca… 
I hate when people spoil movies. So, don't be a prick and spoil Avengers: Endgame!#dontspoiltheendgame #avengers4… 
Yeah, That’s BOOK Deal plus Movies It’s a shame Russia &amp; Obama’s &amp; Clinton’s Deep State formed over years of dirty… 
Where do you guys download movies? 
Look I love Darth Plagueis imo it is the best Star Wars book but we aren’t getting him in these movie… 
I always find good movies on nextflix.  
If isn’t in a romantic comedy movie I’m not interested He’s the reason I watch them! He’s like the perf… 
"If there’s specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons… 
Only I'm movies, whites will take each other to court even to claim the dog they are just as bad 
Yes 100% 5G will speed it up. The US is consolidating TV/Movie dominance. The Chinese chose games a… 
No it's fine. I'm uploading to a new server now. I might color label the buttons for different servers.… 
Yeah I remember noticing these trends growing up. Like a bunch of animated penguin movies or dinosaur movies… 
Just stick to putting movies up for streaming. No one cares about your wokeness. 
I have a very few days to watch all the Marvel movies I missed  
‘Uyare’ has made me more empathetic and sensitive’: Parvathy  
Long weekend reading = sorted. We watched the movies a while ago &amp; I didn’t dislike them but felt there was a lot m… 
 Soon Barney Miller To Lots Lots more Babylon 5 Series &amp; movies 
This is the greatest background about "Office Space" I've ever read. Full Piece: 
Miss me with all this super hero stuff you guys! Like  Now I gotta pretend I like I know these movies for Uthanda! Yhu  
That shower woke me tf up meanwhile was bout to pass out in the movies 
Lol sounds like fun, I could give an alien's opinion on random things like movies or food 
3 Iconic Sports Movies Where The Hoodie Does Wonders as A Training 
Oliver Stone – I do believe that movies… ... more 
One of the greatest movies ever made! 
This ain’t the movies,in reality it’s different.if the bond isn’t stronger after y’all fight or have an argument th… 
Are the theatrical versions any different really?  I skipped the madoka movies for that reason and just watched Rebellion. 
The promos just keep on coming! 
Everything was going well. She had gifts for me, which I told her I appreciated but they weren’t necessary. We enjo… 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Theories, Discussion, and News Breakdown - /FILM 
movies about friendship always makes me :’’( 
When you wake up were movies still going? Trying to get it to auto stop. Might have to add some kind of… 
2:#jeremyjahnss, one of the YouTubers who inspired me 2 start reviewing shows and movies, announced that him and a… 
I’ve been trying for them to consider my Prius, and I’ll do movies and pictures every day for… 
the movies been over for a few hours, but larry fell asleep so i guess we're living here now? goodnight pals 
Netflix jhi like got some good movies on here 
all i ever want to do is watch movies and eat cereal 
Shazam! &gt; Captain Marvel (as movies) 
It's weird. The other work fine. But on Amazon it seems lots of movies get out of sync… 
Hope so too. Now that the audience is accepting subtlety in movies and on tv, hopefully directors don'… 
I enjoyed video essay on Quentin Tarantino being the master of conflicting tones. The technique… 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_16 
Hulu works fine for me - Netflix too. I have issues with Amazon most of the time gettin… 
Well the book has done so well they’re making a trilogy of movies about it lol. 
I watched a 5 minute clip of Captain America Civil War and I am now Certain that was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
“Night at the Movies” was great tonight, and bittersweet as Addie’s last elementary school program!… 
Yess. I still need to see the second one tho...If you want a movie that will actually make you cry… 
#Movie "Dark Matters" (2012) 
One of my favorite movies just got better lmao 
Disney has beaten that movies to death with poor writing. So the game can't do much worse.The cha… 
Got so many shows to catch up and movies to see but i am over here watching Live PD videos on YouTube instead. 
I don't blame you for drinking after reviewing all of those wack movies. Witnessing that shit can mess you up lol. 
Emperor’s New Groove is by far one of the most underestimated Disney movies. 
im baby and i want to watch ghibli movies in a giant victorian flat and play breath of the wild rather than do lite… 
Would love to see a proper revamp of Tom Clancy's character Jack Ryan in the heart of the Cold War. 5 movies all le… 
I have always loved female characters. They are the ones I identified with and looked up to. From comi… 
Can't say that surprises us. 
literally when to the movies to watch a movie and end up seeing two because one screening was free, really we had s… 
Tjo this conversation about blue movies! My TJ is at that unfiltered stage about everything. Ke mathata fela … 
Tonight’s Birthday #bedtimevideo is Dr Katz, Professional Therapist. I missed this when I was younger simply becaus… 
She's got a point. People will hate on anything and love the weirdest shit, like the majority of Marvel… 
11 years I've laughed, cried and cheered with these characters.Cosplaying Starlord, I helped young kids smile in t… 
On TV, May. But, in the movies, it’s #BlackWidow. When she started kicking ass in #IronMan 2, she had… 
when I was a kid there had only ever been a couple of comics-based movies, of any kind, and an x-men movie seemed l… 
S/O to for the great shows &amp; movies. 
Not yet, but it’s on my list. I’ve heard it’s pretty good, which may be why there’s not a lot of conv… 
The way white people act in horror movies pisses me off to no end. I can’t do this. 
YouTube includes several videos including movies that encourage pronography. 
YesAll shows &amp; movies are REAL 
Same exact thing happened to me..this is why he go to these type of movies together 
Sadly, they don’t have all of the seasons on Netflix (but if you have Hulu, HIGHLY recommended) inuy… 
And a lot of those movies that strayed from the formula had nowher… 
So what's everyone watching these days?????? #tvshow #TVShows #superhero #Medical #lawyer #law #firefighters… 
I don’t fw scary movies at all 
Brilliant. Passionate. #comedian Martin Short Opens Up About Losing His Wife Nancy Dolman to Cancer: ‘It’s So Tough… 
just in case you guys don't know this yet, you're awesome! Like, really!... These m… 
LGBTQ movies are always the same. Can we please get a film where one falls in love and it isn’t controversial? 
Dear best friend, let's eat some pizza and watch movies. 
Yes I second the get a window seat! That way you can control the blind and open it when you are ready!… 
Movies I...Hate: Greatest ShowmanLove: Ferris BuellerOverrated: most marvel moviesUnderrated: About TimeSeen… 
Interesting theory. 
I quote movies and songs all day long and be weak 
About 5?? FOXEMovies161News channel 
I will be buying this for sure even though I will already have all the movies lol but it’s worth it!… 
It certainly did. From the outrage, I would have thought she was suggesting removing all “man… 
Around for a looooonnnngg time in video games and in movies. No hate at all, just hope they bring more 
It was an okay flick, is all. I see about 120 movies a year in theatres, almost all indie or foreig… 
Definitely don't go to the movies in the summer *wink* 
Can’t I just forget about it like most movies I’m lukewarm on. I’ve got plenty of awesome JL movies. Just… 
Dear please stop making cheesy Wattpad “books” that are poorly written by 13 year olds into your “original movies.” Please. 
My original point was about the goddamn "Snyder Cut" as people refer to it. I… 
is a lead in one of my favourite movies! 
My upstairs neighbors bought a house and moved out so I can watch movies as loudly as I want late into the night fo… 
Grupo firme friday, coleadero saturday, &amp; movies on Sunday  this shall be a great weekend. 
“My own is forward ever backward never”  yo these movies be hilarious. 
i love creepy stuff so much. like when i was younger i would always check out creepy books from the library and ive… 
Seeing the same shot/reasoning/foreshadowing in movies with someones is something else Yknow. #bigmood 
My boy use to work at the movies and would always get us in.. fahk them was some good times 
‘The Addams Family’ Teaser: Morticia &amp; Clan Resurrected Just In Time For Halloween - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Ooooh a Michael Peña commentary DVD version of all movies! 
Laika has never made movies that are about ‘success’ financially or even liked by everyone and I kinda li… 
This was a hard one. I love almost all vampire movies. But then my neck is one of my major erogenous zo… 
I feel like some people just think that the movies need to be so serious like some of the other MCU fi… 
How far was LEGO James Bond in development for before LEGO pulled the plug? Also which movies would it have encompassed? 
i want bad gay movies. not like the 2000s bad gay movies where theyre transphobic and stereotypes of themselves i w… 
Movies 2019 - 123. Memoirs of a Geisha (2005; written by Robin Swicord; directed by Rob Marshall) 1/2 (3 1/2 t… 
#wooemmawatson I think Friday from now on I will watch a movie again.  I got out of movies and I was thinking today… 
They’re going to make like 30 more Star Wars movies anyways, when are they going weird and cool stuff with it. The… 
Some of yhall haven’t had night terrors or watched scary movies and it shows  
My top two favorite movies. What is yours? 
#wooemmawatson I am trying to be calm.  I can do nothing but wait for a few weeks.  I want time to go faster.  I ha… 
#Movie "Waking Up Dead" (2014) 
Nice! What could possibly go wrong with a tank that has a mind of it's own?On a serious note, do y'all not watch… 
and the rest of the cast is great and fun to watch, but everything around them looks so cheap and la… 
I really don’t see how studios in 2017 weren’t lining up with Best Director winner fresh off The Shape of… 
Bae’s still trying to figure out why I avoid horror movies. I think today we got to the bottom of it  
I don’t cry much but I do tear up quite often. Usually it’s happy tears. I’ll get them during movies… 
Oooohhh yeaaaaah! Give us Revan! 
Anyone know any good shows on Netflix like on my block or all American? Or even any movies to watch 
Made a bunch of one sentence reviews for some of my favorite comic movies lately. #Aquaman #Shazam! #Venom #JERRY! 
One of the best movies there are so many 
Marvel movies and GTAV RP are my only solace right now. Things will get better, hopefully 
there’s so many movies coming out that I have to see!! movie buddy wya 
Remains in my top 5 worst movies of all time. If anything, it doesn't get nearly eno… 
In case you missed it a few months back, this is pretty sad. 
Finally subscribed to Hulu. First order of business. Twilight movies. Every. Single. One. 
why do MacBooks not have DVD players let me watch the movies I already own bitch 
#31DayCinemaChallenge3. Favorite Director: This is nearly impossible for me to choose. I admire so many directors… 
both the bitches hold british Passport they spit venom aga… 
Tonight’s #GoToSleepMovie is Wall-E because of the fantastic #HelloDolly show we saw tonight at the orpheum w… 
"In the Mood for Love" is now #70 out of 2074 movies on my Flickchart! via 
A few dramas that haven't been picked up on legal sites like Bride of the Century and Cinderella and… 
Trying to explain the movie #GlassMovie To my daughter and how #Unbreakable and #Split all come together.....well s… 
Could be fun as long as it didn't take itself too seriously. Songs get covered, so w… 
i really need hulu im alaways stuck watching movies over again and watching youtube 
I’m dropping them smh they barley have new movies or good content. Better off going to Redbox and watching shit on YouTube  
I suggest we shoot them into a rocket into space, send them with wise… 
To settle the great debate over what the better form of entertainment is, music or movies....Movies are usually b… 
imo, season 9 was the best season since 6 but i fear amc is watering down the product a ta… 
my first date with my now husband was to see #TheHobbit and now get to see new Star Wars movies for o… 
BUMBLEBEE helmer Travis Knight to direct Mark Wahlberg's SIX BILLION DOLLAR MAN #film #movies 
I thought this only happened in cartoon movies a la looney toons. 
No Netflix we making movies  
I also like the idea of an adventure story with Obi-Wan and Qui Gon Gin before episode 1. You’d see a different sid… 
My best friend at the time was the lead guy, and he looked up &amp; just shrugged. The rest were PISSED. I got a text a… 
Ok I think we can all agree that elevator sequence #CaptainAmericaTheWinterSoldier is one of the best in the movies… 
One of my fav movies... Love, Simon 
Now I want to watch Bruce Lee movies  I’ll save it for the weekend. 
Star Wars storied Set between movies need to branch out of setting their stories between eras / trilogies. Go to ma… 
Blow one of my favorite movies and it’s on Hulu  
She’s just salty nobody wants to take her to the movies it’s all good. We know what’s up. 
Leigh Whannell's INVISIBLE MAN reboot for Bloomhouse &amp; Universal officially casts THE HANDMAID'S TALE star Elisabet… 
One of the greatest movies of all time. 
If my high school class doesn’t do a senior prank then all of my childhood dreams from watching movies will be crushed 
On the contrary, I'm PROUD of owning copies of both live action GUYVER movies. 
I have felt this way multiple times about certain movies/tv shows/songs. I hope to create something that means this… 
‘Penguins' Review: A Nature Documentary Veers Into Fairy Tale: New York Times 
My 4 year old watched Bruce Lee in Enter the Dragon with me &amp; loved it!! #proudparents #kungfu #movies #DaddyDaughter 
This sweet angel bb boi  P.S. I dead serious had a very similar reaction while watching the first Hobb… 
And the sharp broadcast crew was discussing “best baseball movies” when we flipped over from the Nu… 
‘High Life’ Plunges Into Surreal Melancholic Depths 
Netflix to test new weekly 'top 10 list' that ranks most popular shows and movies 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #10 #IYPT2019Strontium is in two movies separated by 60 years!Strontium movie 1 of… 
I hardly check netflix unless it's for stupidly bad yet funny movies....but ill keep… 
My guesses for Fridays Double Feature on Joe Bob's Last Drive In Show on What are your guesses or what w… 
Moore has been gloom and doom for years now. It has been apparent that he was… 
Marlon Wayans joins Bill Murray and Rashida Jones in Sofia Coppola's Apple/A24 #film ON THE ROCKS #movies 
stories told in pictures illuminated by a flickering light. Watching movies together is the essence of being human.… 
"Time Trap" and 4 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Doll  got the best lineup of rumors projects1 wonderful idea and character that gonna roll in year end .2 PS 3… 
I'm quite scared of me getting drunk and my drunk  Persona doing this because once I'm drunk there's no… 
FILMS i love cinema, cinema experience and just meeting people/ new friends on opening night and lea… 
Asking #Disney politely to renew their contract with #Netflix, all I’m asking is for Moana and Disney princess movies mostly?? 
When globohomo psychoanalyzes 
Tony stark makes hulk an infinity gauntlet . Hulk now has Thanos level powers . They go back in time cause he can d… 
Grand Hotel (1932)  #trakt 
If I’d kept going with the anime list, it might’ve included #RecordOfLodossWar,… 
Has anybody seen So good! S. Craig Zahler does it again! Who else thought this movie was awesome?… 
One of my favorite baseball movies is Mr. Baseball 
Is Star Wars to blame? 
Netflix releases surprise slasher THRILLER from Blumhouse; cast includes Jessica Allain, Mykelti Williamson, Luke T… 
“La Bamba” is on MOVIES! Still bummed let some redneck off him in Ozark. 
In addition to guessing the movies for this week #TheLastDriveIn - let’s guesstimate how long it wi… 
Don't recall this scene in the movieThe classic iron giant movie, actually at first… 
Shout out to public libraries for being pretty much the only way I can watch the foreign films that I want to see.… 
So tired please stop remaking horrible movies 
[person who writes 1/10 reviews voice] i only saw the first few minutes of one of those new star wars movies n they… 
I’m getting free movies if my background check goes well!!  
Omg! I’m so impressed. What are you up to? I loved Thor: Ragnarok and GotG has a wicked soundtrack for both movies. 
Steven Spielberg's WEST SIDE STORY remake adds over 50 new cast members as Jets, Sharks &amp; their girlfriends, includ… 
I woke up at 7:05. #curiousaboutArmy #curiousaboutBTS, I have no doubt you will get better in English… 
Hell I would love a high quality animated series. I loved the animated movies they did. 
It was such a big lore heavy game that inspired future writers in games and movies alike. A l… 
Y'alls: should I add a history section to this twitter that is just me fact checking shit people say about history… 
Its not hard to comprehend that maybe the majority doesnt like his movies 
I don’t disagree with this. For me, up until recently though, most of their movies are fun but I fo… 
Ohhh yes that. Those were dark days. It still had a disk drive tho I thought for movies? Which is wher… 
All these band documentary type movies. Let's get one in there for Sir Elton John. 
Bro his last one on was . Always been a fan of his. Even when he played the villain in movies he was dope 
I am rewatching all the marvel movies before endgame and I already know it’s gonna be more heartbreaking watching it now  
It's been a wild ride but I want to focus on me and what makes me truly happy. I'm still a fan and wish both Dakota… 
Funny thing about the starwars movies. My list of best to worst goes in order of the ep numbers.  I shall always lo… 
I like to think marvel movies take place in the Pulp Fiction universe 
Girl that shit only happens in movies nobody has lmao 
Ponyo is and will forever be in my top 5 animated movies uGH 
Why have a game ratings system if games are just going to get rejected. I could walk into a retailer &amp; purchase a B… 
'Say Anything' at 30: John Cusack's real concerns about boom box serenade ensured immortality via 
Well After Avengers endgame, I will no longer be watching superhero movies. It has been a great decade of… 
#Movie "With God on our Side" (2010) 
Reserve your seats for the irresistible now playing! #MakeItICONIC 
We will always have love for you Pauli! You are a sweet friend and I love your tweets and action movies!  
Next time wants to give a concert or play her movies in a different country we should say: I understand… 
Anyone? I'm pretty sure you have to be an adult and have a background check to purchase… 
Me too!!!  One of the funniest movies ever. 
Saw it in the theaters twice and it's like my second to least favorite movie after puddle cruiser.All o… 
How do you feel about this? Should Neeson be removed? 
Same cunt I watched 3 horror movies with my friends and my mate was meant to stay over again but he didn’t… 
Megastar's Message: Not Interested in Politics 
With set to hit theaters this Friday, some New Mexico locals talked about the #LaLlorona myth and s… 
How long before they go after Hollywood old tv shows and old movies? 
Neve Campbell was truly a babe of the 90s and I melt every time I watch one of her movies 
Nice!! Yeah nah I know it’s not meant to be took seriously but man...I’ve got a new found love of laughing at bad movies lol 
You know, it is funny when sites steal entire articles from other sites but then leave the proof at the bottom -… 
bernie should go back doing back to the future movies 
Mary Kate and Ashley movies will be on Hulu in May and I am so excited you have NO IDEA 
I’m just saying we need to put some respect on the Cheaper by the Dozen movies 
I will always love those movies!! I spent a huge part of my childhood watching them! 
Oh, most definitely! I'm of the comedy quotes, and movie trivia. If I can't name an actor, I can tell… 
Why would people make movies where the dog dies? Like bro stop hurting my feelings 
The delusion level of chichora fanssaying that SRK fans don't watch his movies...lol..toh chichore ke fans...when… 
But can we still call man movies “NutFlix”? 
Reminded that silent movies like “Birth of a Nation” required musical accompaniment. Wondering if music historians… 
#TheNickMajorShowI can't think of anything movies that I can't bring myself to watch again 
Does anyone else get infatuated with wanting to know more about a documentary story or movies based on true stories… 
Currently rearranging stuff to make sure I spend what little money I have in suppor… 
I’m going to endgame alone because I talk too much during movies and drive away everyone I love 
I love movies and the fun is not in what happens, it's how it happens. We've seen many of the same story b… 
I just need to find a lil bae to talk about superheroe movies with. All my friends never give a fuck  
No one in the military, when referring to time, says oh-nine hundred etc. This only happens in stupid movies. 0 = zero 
 FREE FLICKS FOR THE KIDS THESE EASTER SCHOOL HOLIDAYS!All you have to do is dine with one of the participating… 
Dear Google, please stop telling me about endgame. I want to hear about marvel stuff but who knows when I'll get to… 
and not really having stereotypical cliches, just certain people are know for certain things? like the fbla kids, d… 
I literally thought the same thing and a lot of them said 8K gaming like they have a clue what they'… 
Just remember #DontSpoilTheEndgame: #marvelstudios 
I hope &amp; frankly everyone knows about &amp; enjoys on on YouTube. Who kne… 
Wesley Snipes to Star In, Exec Produce Heist Thriller 'Payline' (Exclusive) Could be good.... 
Moxy is a cutie pie with a big heart! Kelly Clarkson is perfect casting. Her voice was made for movies!! 
In case you missed it, here’s my review of the movie that’s likely to top my list of The Worst Movies Of 2019:… 
In our newest episode we give a special thanks to and give a shoutout to before breaking d… 
Since rearranging my blu-rays, I’m trying not to let the knowledge that I have separated movies in franchises bothe… 
Whos down for movies tn ? 
I genuinely feel bad for you. I mean genuinely. I’m so sorry that your life if such a joyless, cold,… 
One of my favorite movies frrl 
My friend knew way more Avengers trivia. I probably should have seen the movies more than only one time each. My on… 
What’s doubly sad is that Missing Link is really good—totally betrayed by its mediocre trailer. It’s a Raiders of t… 
That would be okay in another Star Wars standalone movie, but the main movies have alw… 
... For another trilogy of movies. 
Fonzo do you even watch marvel movies 
I’m not even mad about paying $15 for netflix they adding good ass movies 
Do you have any Japanese favorite movies? 
He has to keep making movies like this or like black mass, it shows his potential, I feel… 
i feel like watching all the bratz movies tonight 
Is ‘boobie movies’ better ?  
Is he wrong? 
Hands up if you are a lady that likes Star Wars, superhero movies and I kind of dig guys who wear ca… 
I just realized how Hollywood's been pushing their agenda thru movies with semi nude scenes. The only part of a man… 
I’ll just come into your room and force you to watch period piece movies!!!!! 
Breaking News - Live-Action Comedy "Malibu Rescue" Starring Ricardo Hurtado and Breanna Yde Swims Onto Netflix... 
WAIT?!? My love for superhero movies and Star Wars is why I’m undateable?? Bless. Thought it was something else. 
#DontSpoilTheEndgame ... "don't tell me what I can and cannot do" - Peggy Hill- characters die- and ends with S… 
some of y’all realllllllyyyyy refuse to forgive bucky for what he did when he was mind controlled but so easily for… 
10 Great Cult Horror Movies You’ve Probably Never Seen 
'Six Billion Dollar Man' Film on the Way From 'Bumblebee' Director Starring Mark Wahlberg 
April 16: text midday. Followed by 20 minutes on the phone while he drove to the movies. Texts during the movie (ho… 
*star wars movies not superhero. She sounds so nice... I wonder if she's dateable. It… 
Context on Mr Pape’s life: my parents went to a Nazarene College in the south that required them to sign a contract… 
Ah yes, the Californian zebra.Stopped by the library to pick up my card and holy shit, all the movies I can borro… 
Marty holds such a speci… 
There’s no such thing as movie fatigue now garbage fatigue that exist nobody is tired of superheroes… 
But...it has Lee Majors in it! I can't help it, I like Charles B. Pierce movies. 
Can we know what movies please 
The same way you enjoy anime and the characters is the same way I and millions of others feel about these… 
Every time someone says this I chuckle. People said Westerns we’re dead and then they made Silverado. No… 
in horror movies, you know it's gonna happen at some pointwith chickens though, you'll never see it coming 
Okay I have to say this that is one hell of an actor he should play in more movies and sh… 
Duly noted!  #movies #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
I can’t wait to tell my kids how cool all the Marvel movies were to watch in theatres, and the hype that was behind each movie 
Arizona local news: Stay away and don't bring your kids. They have a return like red box movies for baby drop off s… 
Taking the teenager to movies with a friend &amp; she saves her Mum a seat  #winning #parentlife #mumlife… 
One of my favorite movies! “I’m da Pappi” 
I’ve never recommended a movie before but I’m sure recommending this one... — watching The Best of Enemies at Movie… 
I will still like you but I might force you to watch these movies 
I love Silence of the Lambs. Its one of my favorite movies. But man, I still cant make it through Hannibal. Neither the book nor the movie. 
it only "drives home that there's something trivial" if you believe things for/about/by women are trivialso that… 
Best thing that helps me is to wrap up in a few blankets and take some ibuprofen. Usually I watch the Lord… 
As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse 
I was hoping it wouldn’t suck. One of my all time favorite books/movies. 
i wanna go to the movies ! 
Seriously love movies and TV shows. Britt said we should make a YouTube and start doing reviews and honestly might… 
80s and 90s movies are my thaaannnggg 
A young, hirsute opines on Jane Fonda, Sigourney Weaver, 'Day for Night' and hissing at the movies. Bu… 
In case anyone was wondering, both of The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants movies are on Netflix. 
Got a free rental from Google Play Movies so I went with Aquaman. I overpaid. 
so I have 5 Endgame GSE shifts over the next 2 weeks and I’ve never seen an Avengers movie in my life so what are t… 
Husband and I had planned on a John Wick/Detective Pikachu double feature (parenting hack: get the most out of your… 
11 movies! Mostly out of order  
One of very few movies that I’ve ever paid money to rent and then jus… 
Once upon a time in America, when Hollywood made classy movies, and a movie star was a movie star, there was an act… 
I haven't seen Scream in a good while. I wonder if any of these are str… 
Dear Apple, in iOS 13 it would be awfully nice if you could bring the Video player controls in to the 21st century.… 
When movies say based on true events it gives me the chills  
unpopular opinion: moose was so underrated in all the step up movies 
#Movie "Something With Bite" (2009) 
*discussing how there's over 50 hours worth of Avengers : that's so many Marvel movies,,, why… 
honestly I can't wait for the patronage format of cinematic universes leads to rival directors shittin… 
Grilled steaks, video games, and rated R movies without mom knowing? Count me in! 
That is appalling! I wonder if som… 
Spotlight: 2019 Wild and Scenic Film Festival is April 20 
I just wish studios would find lots of NEW stories "worth a shot" rather than rehashing the same old movies. 
Same happened with Captain Marvel, thats how Di$$$$ney makes people talk about the movies now. 
Scream FX movies 
One of the earliest Sherlock silent movies featured a Black Holmes 
There's so much more than what the movies show 
There are man movies. My hubby wants to watch Arnie. I always say I don’t like man movies. Why are we… 
Oh Phở Good! So many tasty vegetarian options at  GIVEAWAY: When you dine at Roll'd and spend $5… 
Netflix to try ranking movies and shows based on how popular they are 
A little sucky at making movies? 
My chunky ass  #wings at the movies #YES 
My dad loves to choose movies on Netflix that will torture me like The Silence 
#DontSpoilTheEndgameHow many of y’all refused to see the Antman and Captain Marvel movies out of spite? How many… 
Got up at 11:00 am  had a chill day and went to the movies  
In this specific case, you're right! But there are a plenty of… 
So let me get this straight: after complaining that the term "chick flick" implies only women watch pa… 
He did very good movies thou, like The rock 
A thread in which, after complaining that the term "chick flick" implies only women watch particular movies, the tw… 
'Breakthrough,' based on real St. Louis events, has its miraculous moments – but not enough of them | Movie reviews… 
more treasure hunting movies pls 
still open for food, movies hmu fams 
Scary movies with  and become the most hilarious comedies in the world lmao 
These movies was $3 a piece...a steal 
I’m told you don’t own them, just life leasing. Wife and I have spoken about stuff like movies on our A… 
Well, at least we still have the comics and Del Toro movies  
I occasionally watch chick flicks, but not my favorite genre. I'm pretty sure that most production and marketing ar… 
I occasionally watch chick flicks, but not my favorite genre. I'm pretty sure that most production and… 
I cried too.....I don't cry at movies that often but I have a feeling I'm gonna need… 
Counterpoint: I really need to develop a totally cliche chick-flick category so that it’s not so hard for… 
I present to you, having seen all 21 movies, my ranking list. Captain America: Civil War is ranked so low because… 
i’ve never actually seen/been in one of those. i used to think they were just in movies- 
times were simpler when the harry potter movies were in theatres and we can all agree on that 
I'm with your wife; never seen Blues Brothers. But I'm a book nerd; there are a lot of movies I haven't seen. 
Movies, the background noise is relaxing. 
I find a lot of people saying they hate Star Wars so much and yet they see the new movies on opening day. Their e… 
Also when Harry died Lily and James were only in their early 20’s. They aged them up for the movies… 
I’m so single that I’m at the movies by myself right now because my coworker told me at work today he and his wife… 
Which Isla Fisher herself explains in NOW YO… 
Everybody who knows me knows I’m a lover of thriller movies  
Hey stupid have you ever seen that Ice Age movies or take a fuking science class...yes we are changing but China &amp;… 
#add #3 more #bluray two the #collection #thekidwhowouldbeking #jamesmcavoy #brucewillis &amp; #samuelljackson in… 
He has a future in horror movies. 
Gandalf might. I fcking love the LotR and Hobbit movies. 
My divorced dad let me cuss and watch R rated movies it was bad ass 
We dig it. 
One of my favorite movies! You did a really great job!  
#GIJoe 3 Rumors Suggest Time Travel And A New Team 
I will switch because I need the storage and then from now on I won't… 
is coto movies working? Or are those apps on the bottom not up yet 
Oh oh, my husbands says this is how I drive.   Of course he has said this every time he see… 
Three or so days before, I’d say. I always feel like I needn’t take the trouble watching TV shows… 
I’m in the mood for some French fries, a caramel frappe and some movies 
About as hard as it is for Hollywood to make a decent release of the old Star Wars movies 
both horror movies if ya don't like that type 
There are 6 Marvel movies in the works for after 'Avengers: Endgame' — here are all the details 
$nflx was down $25 On ER, but closed up $7 AH. Lower guidance but not worried about $dis and expecting more interna… 
I seent it too! I’m the guy that reads the Wikipedia pages for movies as I watch them. I spoil everything for myself! Lol 
Sorry about misgendering you, I didn't know. However a lot of what you've sa… 
y'all ever think about how weird sleeping is? You literally do nothing but breath for hours, don't even know whats… 
Oh I must have read the box at Walmart differently I thought it was for movies anywhere thanks bro 
I love watching movies with kids! #TheGoldRush #TCMParty 
Then you watch too many movies 
Yes. Please. Break that game up over 3 movies. I've been saying that for years. Recanonize KotOR. 
LOL THESE PEOPLE ACTING LIKE THEY DIDN'T BOYCOTT DEPP'S MOVIES? 
Bloomberg Reporter Calls Out Tucker Carlson for Editing Her Tweet on Air - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
So genuine of a reaction. I know I have that with Marvel movies lol.  Some people just h… 
I agree with most of these, but think you can trim a few  
I remember when I first saw a Chaplin film and I thought, OMG this guy invented how to make movies.#TheGoldRush #TCMParty 
4 Awesome Horror Movies Turning 10 In 2018 #horror: Even horror movies can celebrate a Happy Birthday every 10 year… 
Watching movies now that I watched 10 years ago makes me catch so many things wow I was an idiot 
sad movies and coffee ft. rain  
If you care at all for movies being affordable you will not buy a subscription to Disney’s streaming service. Boycott #DisneyPlus 
The Sixth Sense. When I was a junior in high school in 1999, a girl in my drama class spoiled the e… 
20 Deleted Concepts From Disney Movies They Didn't Want You To See 
20 Deleted Concepts From Disney Movies They Didn't Want You To See Disney has experience… 
It is cool to say unpopular things about #GameofThrones? No? I'mma do it anyway.I haven't seen a single episode a… 
Need we say more... tickets at 
I hope to see some Darth Revan! 
Anybody seen the Stepfather movies? 
Kick-Ass gotta be one of my favourite movies 
Wesley Snipes to Star In Heist-Thriller 'Payline' - About a small-town casino that turns into a battleground after… 
#Movie "The Happiest Millionaire" (1967) 
I've only seen the Phase 1 movies (making an honest attempt to catch up) but it's hilarious how shoehorned W… 
I got it through Microsoft Movies &amp; TV, which I use for 99% of my digital library: 
guess i’ll sit in my room and watch movies until i asleep or something 
For some reason whenever I see this effect my brain starts panicking like it can't process it. Movies,… 
I'm watching The Bird with the Crystal Plumage (1970) #trakt 
Madame X just gave me free popcorn at the movies 
Massive entertainment center with movies, zip lines, games 
Be in existence with yourself. It hurts to fade away in your own imagination. Forgetting the thoughts that once felt like movies to you. 
Ben from VA. Dream car is an old wood paneled wagon, like in the old surf movies. #BibChat 
I believe in unicorns!  But, I also believe Samuel L Jackson has a cloning machine of himsel… 
congratulations bro . long way to go ...you  are one of the finest actor in telugu /… 
Laura Linney Finds Her People in First Teaser for Netflix’s ‘Tales of the City’ Reboot (Video) -… 
She wasn't afraid to make sure her voice was heard. Taraji P. Henson stars as Ann Atwater in #TheBestOfEnemies, get… 
Why do characters in movies never say “bye” before hanging up the phone? 
That sounds like an awesome read. I love watching all the old movies on… 
Don’t help them President Trump, the American ppl no longer go to their 3… 
That was one of the most difficult movies for me to watch! 
You know I love a photo op with a standee  #hustle #filmnerd #movies #annehathaway #rebelwilson #standees 
Also, you missed my guesses on Friday nights movies. 
No, that's not what makes us beautiful, . . . "Beauty shines through."  Of all the creatures made for… 
Raise prices by 30% in 12 months.Remove a large chunk of popular movies.Lose your most popular original series… 
Warren Adler, Author of ‘The War of the Roses,’ Dies at 91 
Vudu - Dragon Ball Super: Broly Tatsuya Nagamine, Vic Mignogna, Christopher Sabat, Jason Douglas, Watch Movies &amp; TV… 
What do you think of classic movies from the 80s, 90s &amp; 2000s? 
Bought tickets for End Game. Job told me I could have that day off because I’m working days I shouldn’t.… 
(Race Riley) Movie News:"We've been developing it for quite some time and finally got it to where we want to go s… 
Get well so u can come back to work making movies 
Heeyyy it's Booze &amp; Baked O'Clock!  It has been quite a day. Aside from all the great Bernie stuff, spring is WI… 
Still one of the best movies ever! — watching La Bamba 
This is one of my oldest son’s favorite movies! 
Do you like horror movies? — love them and hate them at the same time 
Adam Driver Doesn't Like Watching Himself in Movies 
Currently downloading all 21 movies to binge before the big event. Wish me luck 
So you liked it when freddy grabbed Jason's mask and drug it to hell?It did set up Freddy vs Jason..… 
Enjoying my last Daddy/Daughter dinner out with The1Daughter as her brother will be returning from science camp tom… 
Every movie for no money &gt; A lot of movies for some money 
Why aren't you acting in movies? 
I'm rooting for… 
As someone who cries at the drop of a hat when it comes to movies, trailers, commercials, etc. It… 
I’ve literally never read or seen any of the HP books/movies  So I have no idea what this means  
Salty popcorn and a Coke with both of my boys.  Movies are our family tradition. 
And we’re Grateful to have such a great personality like you in Starwars movies 
Sounds a lot like the Cube movies. 
I have a big boner for shitty movies so it makes sense to myself that I prefer the sequel lmao, but… 
Top story: Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations see… 
Definitely laughed out loud at the “man movies” tweet. 
Bay's movies aren't movies with explosions in them; they're explosions with a movie in them. 
En busca de los circunloquios. Life is a fleeting pleasure.I'm watching #Climax (2018) #trakt 
Besides the gun compartment joke the rest of Kevin Hart’s stand up was ass...Go make ya movies G, this ain’t it no more smh. 
Watching scary movies late at night, like #TheSilence really makes me appreciate indoor plumbing. 
April 2019 movies 
Little 60 second movies are beamed right to personal TV screens in our hands. But to get to the good part of the cl… 
I feel horror movies are getting less scary. They try way to hard to scare us and they fail at it. S… 
and everyone will be back to life again because superhero movies aren't allowed to have consequences 
What Star Wars: Dark Empire Tells us About The Rise of Skywalker 
As a fan of the MCU and what Feige has done for the genre and movies- he’s absolutely wrong.The films ar… 
Thas respecable. I do like his movies, tho i mean more that people who are morally indignant about the… 
Looking for recommendation for movies and tv shows for an 11 year old. Due to an accident that requires quite a bit… 
All movies? Ever? 
You know who I love &amp; think is crazy talented? Tim Roth. He deserves more love. Talk amongst yourselves.… 
nope I'd have to stop calling war and sports movies dick flicks 
Our staff after con meeting was scheduled for the 25th but since everyone said they were going to the movies it had… 
Superhero movies have such a cookie cutter plot. Can’t be much longer till the genre kills itself 
Thanks to for motivating me today. I had my self care at the movies for four hours, now I’m heading… 
I love when people shit on the MCU for doing the same thing over and over, like cinema in general hasn't been doing… 
#StarWars if we are going to be doing old era movies I’m all in on playing Darth Bane. Only person badass… 
Akira Kurosawa’s List of His 100 Favorite Movies by openculture 
Discovery Orders Series ‘River of No Return,’ Where It’s Homesteaders vs Idaho Wilderness (Exclusive) -… 
Yes!! They are worthy to be produced into movies! 
I gave up after the first 32 Transformer movies. Should I give Bumblebee a go? 
What happens when Ken Chester and Sasha J Little go "off script" LOL... Tell us what you think! 872-222-9793 
Yeah, I think it was ok. I’m not much for Hollywood and Netflix movies, but the premise was too tempt… 
Two great movies that are not appreciated enough! 
Kevin Feige Doesn't Want To Change What Works About The #Deadpool Movies - 
Moore is the same as republican conspiracists Hannity, Limbaugh etc. I can’t… 
Here are some of the upcoming movies! Who lives on to be an Avenger? Does John Wick’s dog get ⁉Will Shazam be a… 
I'm watching Six-String Samurai (1998) #trakt 
Noah Centineo needs to stop making so many movies rn. I need to focus on school and he is making that hard lol. 
Question was comic universe, but I'll grant you the movie thing, I'm a DC fan but those movies are terrible 
AMC Chief Adam Aron on Netflix, Saudi Arabia, and Summer Movies – Variety 
Lucasfilm Confirms Knights Of The Old Republic Movie Is In Development 
To  #lafoquita #farfan#Peru #DigitalTransformation #digital #Creative #news #NEWS #film… 
You also forgot one small thing I've seen you do it and everything from movies to TV. No matter what… 
Trumps Deleted Tweet Suggests He Agrees with the “Purge” 
Okay DC movies are trash but if you read the actual comics you'd know Stan gave us average work 
And here I thought we’d only see this in movies! 
Wesley Snipes to Star In, Exec Produce Heist Thriller 'Payline' (Exclusive) Go Wesley! 
Okay so the movies cost $5 on Tuesdays right... is it acceptable to pay with coins..  
Let me tell you about the new Star Wars movie! I used to LOVE Star Wars so watching the trailer I had a slack jaw o… 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Sizzle Reel Leaks Online - 
In case you were wondering it’s $237.79 to buy all the MCU movies from iron man through Thor ragnorok 
Top Ten “It Wasn’t Me!” Movies 
After boss baby they should’ve just stopped making movies tbh  
Non-PC movies and books are going to quietly disappear and be replaced with more “enlightened” choices ~ and will b… 
Dude I obviously meant the movies too. Still shorter than fmab, but also way more painful endings 
If we are talking Kevin Smith movies, don’t forget Dogma 
“Mark Raso talks about Kodachrome” 
So you know to watch the movies next right? The first one opens with a redone version of that fight and it’s gorgeous. 
If Forrest Gump or Sweet Home Alabama is on the tube.. guarantee I stop scrolling and watch. What movies do you stop scrolling for!?  
They need to stop making sad dog movies, I become emotionally unstable  
some people can't afford sitters and as long as they're polite to other moviegoers by taking their… 
Damn, I can’t imagine being someone who thinks everyone has the same values  so many movies and shows h… 
There are some huge movies coming out this year but which ones will you see in theaters? Check out the latest Going… 
A Snickers and a cup of nacho cheese to dip it in, which is a weird combo born of too much time run… 
I think George’s neck waddle is obstructing oxygen to his brain.  They said, the support to Ahmed Best is very swee… 
A lot of movies have that score. Not just bad ones. Us (2019) receive… 
Because we have other Gorgeous things to Share!! 4K Movies Jason Bourne The "Not Only Xbox" Post … 
So if I have a friend named Chick and make a series of movies about him, I can’t call them Chick Flick… 
I need that original Oliver and Company on VHS. Top 5 Disney movies...maybe top 7. 
I’m sorry I can’t come over to watch movies later I have a badminton game ://// 
Me and my Dad may have almost nothing in common but we do love The Mummy movies. Lmao 
This is wholesome as hell, let him have his fun movies he enjoys. 
It means movies are still setting a high bar... for you  
Yes sir they actually ruin so many movies  
In terms of Disney movies standards it is trash 
Good Evening Horror fans#QOTD In the Hostel franchise what is the name of the group that pays to torture and kill… 
And roughly 7 years and 15 odd movies later... 
i just wanna cuddle and watch movies 
One of THE BEST movies EVER! #BlackGirlMagic #BlackFilmClassic 
"The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part" is on Top of iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Movies are one of my favorite things. Theater experiences are so important to me. It's why I am a courteous viewer.… 
We're not crying — YOU'RE CRYING! (Okay, we're crying too.)  #MakeItICONIC 
I'm not at interested in seeing this film, but nevertheless, I respect the directors for making this plea. Having m… 
Action movies in general were directed towards men in the 80s and 90… 
You’re so right we’d definitely be crying tears.  Tears of sadness for allowing tra… 
I just wanna lay up and watch Lifetime movies 
Watching movies outside especially in the pool!#luxuryhomes #marketing #forsale #realestate #realtor #selling… 
30 Best Horror Movies on Netflix Right Now (November 2018) #horror: Now is a great time to have Netflix because the… 
I don't understand how Original Netflix movies can be so terrible, in general.… 
Rarely movies become more haunting with time, but now this Disney villains song is made far more sinister 
It’s not misguided in the slightest. When the inverse of this happens and we have video games based on… 
nebula, Gamora, pretty much everyone in the Guardian of the galaxy movies, I’d say Adam Warlock just to b… 
Aye you right i forgot about frieza  and old broly movies yes he caught a fade but this new he was… 
Saving Mr. Banks is one of my favorite movies I've seen in recent years. The casting is perfect. 
But ill recommend. The movie is scary but it is a very different style than most movies though. You'll see if you watch.  
How Brad Pitt’s death scene went viral - The Irish Times 
Lol I know him ooo I am his fan I like his songs too but I don't watch his movies 
I like all four TNG movies. But I also like the Star Wars Prequels, the fourth Indiana… 
10 Great Movies Everyone Forgets Are Directed By Women 
I want to but people keep saying the movies should be a warning. 
Breaking Bad, Sopranos, Game of Thrones, the Wire, Tarantino movies. You get the drift 
I don’t like the new Star Wars movies but I’m glad someone can be so emotionally moved by it 
Redeem those digital codes! Look at all these movies that I forgot to redeem my codes for (Bumblebee was the most r… 
Netflix adds 9.6m subscribers in three months despite increasing competition 
Its a different style than most movies. 
I love all of the avengers movies  #mustsee for me 
Why Horror Movies Hold The Key To Great Filmmaking via 
I had quite a bit of writing knowledge and experience. I wrote screenplays for movies, scripts for corpo… 
Netflix Stock Falls After Disney+ Presentation 
I can pretty much remember all of then just from mention of one word or phrase from the… 
patrickdiomedes: cykelops: making more xmen movies after logan that cannot hold a candle to logan ought to... 
i’m so sick and tired of watching television shows and blockbuster movies that depict teenagers unrealistically 
Jennifer Lawrence to Star in Untitled A24 Drama #Movies #TV 
It depends on the movie and the service.  I find a lot of my UHD Vudu movies that have Dolby Atmos… 
You know Michael that’s what I think of you and your movies.  I really don’t care what you think.  Go away… 
Also, while I have a LOT of games, movies, etc. digitally, I'm still curious WTF happ… 
The scions of all the 'right' families. They make movies about organisations like these. Th… 
SHAZAM! (2019)Not only good for a DC movie, but one of the better superhero movies period. Heartfelt wit… 
In the end, the movies were just Luis telling the story as an 85 year old historian at a prestigious university.… 
I live for showing ppl movies they've missed 
Nothing against penguins but why are there SO MANY movies about them 
Today my son said I am trying to turn him into my slave.  I told him slaves don't get allowance, bday gifts, Christ… 
Here's All The TV And Movies Coming To Hulu In May 
(Race Riley) Movie News:“I got the script [for the remake] and it was really really good, and I knew it was from… 
Spoiler-heavy Avengers: Endgame footage leaked on YouTube, Twitter and Reddit – How to protect yourself - Monsters… 
Man I haven’t watched any of these movies in a hot minute. Scream-athon anyone?? 
making sure actors are part of the creative process seems absolutely essential for ma… 
#Movie "The Maze" (2010) 
Makes me look at movies like The Jungle Book and the Lion King in an all new perspective. 
Thankfully there are more people on the putting hands in toasters side than the awful scum that are people… 
One of my ALL Time Favorite Movies!!!! It really is a Wonderful Life!  
Mark N Tompkins ‘Fast Color’ Review: Indie Superhero Movie Takes on Race, Empowerment 
Ron Howard’s Pavarotti Documentary Hits High Notes in First Trailer (Watch) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Five times the sales of Infinity War?  Seriously???  I can't imagine Endgame not being the biggest openin… 
Realizing I never redeemed my digital copies of some of my MCU movies like Iron Man 3 and Guardians of the Galaxy.… 
We can deliver superhero-sized smiles to hospitalized kids with this $1M donation! Thanks… 
but it’s because she’s getting so popular &amp; doing movies and stuff so I guess yay or whatever. i’m sad though 
With a big name cast and tons of social media buzz to match, the Jennifer Lopez and Cardi B-led film 'Hustlers' is… 
Happy Birthday! I hope it's a great one, such a lovely person deserves much happiness. You keep making M… 
10 Most Important Scenes For Iron Man’s MCU Journey 22 movies in, 11 years later, dozens… 
Perth actress Katherine Langford’s role to be revealed in final installment of the saga. 
Why is there not a Mario Kart with all the characters from #FastAndFurious movies with big heads driving go-karts t… 
Action Full Movies Donnie Yen Chinese Martial Arts Movies in English (Cinema Movies Online free watch Subtitles and… 
Somebody watching too many Tyler Perry movies. 
I would just wanna save... all my idol&amp;sports anime series rn for editing....cuz that's basically the only stuff I… 
The thing about me is I don’t care about the term spoilers. I’ll watch anything, I actually want to see the endgame… 
Yeah...giving death threats to someone who said obsession… 
General PSA - headphones are crazy cheap. You can even get BT headphones super cheap. I don't need to hear 3 differ… 
It is seriously just the most pleasant movie watching experience! I’m happy to discuss other g… 
I’m convinced all movies she’s in are actually documentaries. 
Well I had been calling them rom-coms but this corporate lecturing makes me want to revert to chick flicks #movies 
Watch more movies! 
I just saw Some of the best world building I've seen in years. The unique story telling was refreshing… 
I genuinely feel sorry for people who don’t like / watch Marvel movies. How empty your existence must be  
Okay I have a problem of watching romantic movies nd then trying out those exact line on girls... 
21 movies over 10 years all connecting to the end of a story #marvel nothing like this has been done in cinema and… 
You deserve...but I want an original complete collection with your major DVD movies. 
It was great!  One day my best friend and I watched 3 movies in the cabin.  It was awesome! 
Totally missed the point. However I must add you can buy a Xone S with the fortnite bundle for $250… 
$5 Tuesday at the movies lol use to be Tuesday Boozeday 
I would expect no less than for my future husband to propose to me with a full on mariachi band like in the movies 
Movies! 
There has been a url change and name change on one of our pages that was a "media" page on cults in movies. Here is… 
I like Star Wars and superhero movies, and I have a beautiful girlfriend who shares my enjoyment. 
Wait.... some people just now hearing of Iris by The Goo Goo Dolls due to the tragedy. I promise I thought it was… 
Just picked up the BR of The Deadly Mantis a few weeks… 
I think superheroe movies have a problem with antogists being so boring.Go with:Dark knight Black… 
John Travolta's Upcoming Stalker-Thriller Film Retitled to 'The Fanatic' - Directed by Fred Durst of Limp Bizkit… 
Brooklyn Nine-Nine’s Stephanie Beatriz joins Lin-Manuel Miranda's 'In The Heights' cast #Movies #TV 
Nacho Libre Art #Movies #TV 
We're at the amazing to get our 'Porco Rosso'!  Time to get into some boozy movie...mmm Pernicious!-… 
Are you an UN 2030 SDGs girl? Is Trump keeping the mower blade set on high so it dosen't "clearcut" the folks… 
better be glad i love her man!. I’ll see you Friday at the movies girl  
A new movie was added to the media server:Gully Boy () [H264 · SDp ·  · /10] is now available in the Movies librar… 
13 Award Winning Modern Horror Movies Infographic #horror: Check out this unique looking infographic featuring 13 A… 
This Comedian Plays Every Cliché Movie Character And It Rules So Hard: Why does every movie scientist rip their gla… 
We review the latest movies, tell hilarious jokes &amp; recommend really cool stuff on THE MOVIE REVIEW SHOW 
we need to spend (even) more time together. This is one of my favorite guilty pleasur… 
Which do you prefer? Books or movies? 
7 Tips from the Movies on using  #Stories more effectively in your #sales pitch or #Presentation… 
The Trinity is back! 
Same here, but we still have tons of physical movies. The higher(avg) cost of digital games plus t… 
Im bored! Wide awake! Wanna download some movies but where?? 
Make sure to be all cool like in the movies. 
Yeah, probably was. Now my car smells like cat (just the animal, not ammonia)But like, out of all the ho… 
U can tell billionaires are soulless husks bc they DON'T EVEN FUND THEIR OWN A-LIST MOVIES WITH ALL THE BELLS &amp; WHISTLES 
Kathleen Kennedy Confirms Knights Of The Old Republic #StarWars Movie Is In Development - 
As much as I love the glitz and glamour movies, one of my favorite #TCMFF screenings was the low budget #FilmNoir O… 
Not in real time.  Images were computer graphic art &amp;… 
Dude.. the few episodes I’ve watched are a bit boring. I’m trying to get used to it. I hate  movies… 
I dont blame you Reboot's only screws up the Legacy of the Original Movies. 
Right after you binge watch all your super hero and star wars movies? 
On top of all this, the hottest content on Netflix isn't owned by Netflix. All the Star Wars movies? All the Marvel… 
Sad to hear of the passing of Monkey Punch. Growing up I was religiously watching all the seasons of LUPIN III (TV… 
I saw infinity war with them last year without seeing the previous six movies (that has been corrected) 
French Connection: Cassie Del Isla, Dorian Del Isla Talk CareersA version of this feature appears in the April is… 
$5 movies today at if you have a membership.What shall I go see? Theres too many options! 
"Werckmeister Harmonies" is now #825 out of 2073 movies on my Flickchart! via 
Lmao the one with a drive that does more and can play 4K movies is the same price. 
The news about Monkey Punch is a bummer. Castle of Cagliostro is one of my favorite movies of all time. 
Think we’re gonna go to the movies tonight hopefully Ashton acts good 
While she’s in jail she can write some more unwatchable Hallmark movies. 
Because it's old. It's tired. We've seen him in parts of 7 movies plus two animated series. In none… 
Yes. I liked it better the book. But pet Semetary, Christine, and Cujo, I like better the movies. Carrie… 
I just don't see the $DIS Streaming service as a direct competitor to $NFLX. I just don't. I see it as an appetizer… 
The movies will suck but representation right? 
Republican Politician Banned From ‘EVE Online’ Calls Accusations Unfounded - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Netflix is making a lot more shows and movies based on books! 
Why and O why did you do that to yourself?  D: Go outside or play vintage video games… 
I'd like to see some of the "Love, Death, Robots" shorts turned into full length movies or tv series. Particularly… 
Nah, doesnt work like that bud, you tried to belittle a massive group of people who… 
You obviously don’t watch movies though  that’s more than evident  
All of the money Netflix spends on the weird,*quirky* TV  shows they produce could be better spent on purc… 
TFW when you forget that did so many moviecomms pre 2010. I thought I was finished with the ye old tv/… 
How do characters in zombie shows never know to shoot them in the head in the beginning? I get it with the old scho… 
Because you’re suppose to have the perspective of a toy in Andy’s backyard. It would be wonderful… 
What’s one interest you guys have in common and might bring you closer? When I was a teen, m… 
your website kinda sucks. It has come to my attention that you are screening all 22 
#Movie "Smile" (1975) 
I have an android box that I can watch all released movies on 
beating the crud out of other streaming services, probably on the back of (1) original content and (… 
Surely, you’ve seen Funny Girl? I didn’t discover early Streisand until I was in college, and I… 
Bruce Willis said something like that in one of the ‘Die Hard’ movies. 
Because time is a limited resource. And most Americans see five or fewer mo… 
The christopher nolan batman movies 
Salma Hayek Played Esmeralda in Hunchback Movie as Husband Pledges Millions to Rebuild Notre-Dame via 
Still one of the scariest movies. That dog scared me to death. 
Um... movies, music, and books *aren't* all digital. 
Sadly, the "Rapture" isn't even a Biblical reality. The word isn't in the book!  BUT is part of a 90s… 
Newsagents news! Every year it is the same … licenced products perform well. Even movies that perform to average nu… 
People who spoil movies or tv shows before they are released are fuckin’ wack 
Lesley Manville, Jeffrey Donovan, Will Brittain &amp; Kayli Carter join Kevin Costner &amp; Diane Lane in suspense thriller… 
Alright I have too much extra time and think I’m gonna attempt to see what the craziness is about all the avengers… 
For lovers of both #books and #movies, I recommend this TCM publication, FORBIDDEN HOLLYWOOD (THE PRE-CODE ERA FROM… 
The juvenile Adam Sandler/Will Farrell/Ben Stiller type movies are a genre I call “fart joke movies” or “dick flicks.” 
Keeping with the somehow starting trend of watching classic movies. Decided to watch interstellar, a movie which am… 
The Russos demand your silence. 
Marvel movies. They have changed my life 
They are like the first drafts of movies, I think. 
I had a terrific, varied #TCMFF. Watched 15 movies, including  5 new-to-me titles, and saw 3 Club TCM presentations… 
We have less channels here than in the US, I think, except that in Luxemburg we receive other countrie… 
I just want to watch end game so it can all be over and I can go on with my life this has been a long wait thru all the movies lmao 
Tichina Arnold, Talitha Bateman, P.J. Byrne, Jordan Calloway, Peter Facinelli, Tom Segura &amp; Anne Winters join Eliza… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Sunday Driver (2005) [H264 · 480p · R · 7.1/10] is now available in the… 
WOW! What an amazing trailer and compilation of the past movies!!!Marvel Studios’ Avengers: Endgame | “To the End… 
OH MY DEAR LORD!!! I’ll be honest, Malibu Express was one of the first late night skinemax movies I… 
Today’s student-led MAP pep rally got everyone ready to #HMC1AceTheTest with MAP themed raps (like this one written… 
First Look: Sam Raimi &amp; Alex Aja's alligators &amp; hurricanes flick Crawl 
Though I do understand that showtimes are created by the theaters and those showtimes are inspired by traffic to those movies. 
There should just be a podcast where we recast movies with Pokemon. I'm calling it "That's a PokeWrap!" 
Lupin III was my introduction to manga and anime. Thank you, Kazuhiko Kato. Also, Castle of Cagliostro—one of Miyaz… 
I would want the remakes to be for movies that had a lot of big flashy stuff happening. Hercules, M… 
Press the button or disney will remake movies every year instead! #TSUQueerYA 
Hol up.How do you watch movies primarily? 
Is it only movies on shudder now? 
Top Body Horror Movies You Should Watch! #horror: These top body horror films will make even the most veteran horro… 
I'm ready for the angry bunch to move on to anything else. Give up movies entirely. 
Holy shit, Herzog. This is going to be better than all these silly movies isn't it? The ai… 
Ian McDiarmid Confirms Palpatine Is Dead Before Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
Here’s an idea Disney: how about instead of making live action movies, you just remake animated movies scene for sc… 
#econtwitter what movies do you recommend for teaching economics? 
And movies... don't forget the movies! 
Princess Principal is so good and I can't wait for the movies! 
"The Big Twist in ‘Shazam!’ Hides Another Fun Easter Egg" by KYLE BUCHANAN via NYT 
I was 4 when the movie came out, but when I was 6 years old, I started to be able to understand the deeper meanings… 
"The Big Twist in ‘Shazam!’ Hides Another Fun Easter Egg" by KYLE BUCHANAN via NYT The New York Times 
From NY Times: "The Big Twist in ‘Shazam!’ Hides Another Fun Easter Egg" 
I think Closed Captioning in Television, Movies, Telephones, Cell phones and technology needs to be updated and reg… 
I don’t see it not able to receive an Ant-Man-like bounce—especially given Spider-Man will… 
HULU has totally let me down. Increased their fee and STILL no Handmaiden! Not to mention they still have Christmas… 
Really, you’ve never seen any of the other movies? They’re not all good, but most are e… 
Everything wrong in horror movies! 
Breaking video news: The Big Twist in ‘Shazam!’ Hides Another Fun Easter Egg" via NYT #movies #films 
How Spider-Man's Logo Has Changed Over Time #superherologo #spiderman 
Man I watched his reactions to a few trailers before, hes just emotionally invested i… 
Oh, the books that will be written!Oh, the movies that will be made!Oh, the college courses that will be offered! 
Avengers: Endgame Director Joe Russo: “The Future of These Movies Will be an Inclusive One” 
For #NationalLibrarianDay and National Library Workers Day, ask your librarian for these books that should be movie… 
I will not be able to say goodbye. My ground is crumbling I do not want it to end, what will become… 
I would enjoy if the spoilers were actually that everyone dies and that actually happens and Marvel just do… 
Check out the #Uplifting Easter movies all weekend on UPtv including the premiere of "New Life"!… 
The GOAT of all movies 
Danny Boyle to exec produce Irvine Welsh-scripted biopic on music mogul Alan McGee titled CREATION STORIES, set to… 
I’m from the movies  I never wanted to watch all these games. 
Yeah well, you guys allow it with your "Early Screenings"... Screening movies weeks early and expec… 
Love it when hubby comes home early from work especially on rainy days! Now we can cuddle and watch movies!! 
One of the most haunting movies I’ve ever seen. I’m not big on horror but I would gladly watch this one again 
Thank you We should be free to go to theMoviesSchoolChurchConc… 
Lol what has #KanganaRanaut achieved? She ha only 2 hit movies in her entire career..… 
Man those movies stayed with me for a while. 
She sick or dying so much in movies, nobody going to believe it when she really pass. 
I miss going to the movies every Tueday  
I like movies… 
abort. abort. I've met many Asians like that in my life. The only black person they've ever encountered i… 
I recently watched your biography &amp; I enjoyed it very much. I had a basic knowledge of you from the m… 
The writer, Ernest Hemingway, is the grandfather of actress, Mariel Hemingway. #Books #Movies 
What other movies or series have you been in that is on you tube since I didn't watch tv or go to ma… 
It was on TCM last month when they were having journo movies cohosted by Anderson Cooper and Carl Berstein. 
Honestly I just love seeing other people excited over something and he is just so so happy! I have been… 
The key word being “obsess”. It’s ok to like movies and comics, but their fake. If it gets in the wa… 
#AvengersEndgame Directors Make A Case For IMAX In New Featurette - 
14 A-List Actors Who Started In Horror Movies #horror: These 14 A-List movie stars got their first break in horror… 
Done with soccer.  Time for movies!! 
SAME where at let's get a Spoopy Girl Gang Goes to the Movies over here 
My new jam is reading a good book on the flight. I cnt even pay attention to movies anymore 
Funny how u still buy physical format movies I thought nobody's was doing that. 
I reviewed it on this episode: 
Is Issa Rae Leaving “Insecure” to Focus on Movies? Season 4 Pushed Back Until 2020 
Drawing, hiking, watching bad movies with friends 
lmfaoooo, so to be dateable, you can't enjoy star wars or superhero movies, got it 
Haha ya and i hope he will have a successful career in movies unlike many child actors.. 
I can’t wait for my son to be old enough to ask me to take him to these type of movies lol 
Peter Sarsgaard Drama ‘The Sound of Silence’ Lands at IFC - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Btw, for someone who beats the Mary Sue drum every chance he can, you sure do love one of the flatte… 
Here comes the neighborhood!!!     It's official: Mission Gateway adds entertainment complex — movies, bowling, esc… 
Definitely possible. Never felt like they really did his character justice in the other movies, so m… 
Big Hero 6 or one of the many Dragon Ball Z, Sailor Moon, or Precure movies?  Those are… 
Don't normally care about Marvel movies but I wanna see it solely for her 
Jennifer Lawrence returning to acting with untitled drama set to be helmed by acclaimed theater director Lila Neuge… 
I agree. Going chronological is meaningless. The MCU has a narrative throughline, but it's not as though… 
literally everytime im watching anything, anime, cartoon, movies, youtube videos, a family member, mainly my sister… 
Spotting #StanLee : All Of Stan Lee's #Marvel #Excelsior #ComicLegend 
Just finished watching "The Fatal Five" on the DC Universe.  Highly recommend the movie. It was really good. DC Alw… 
In case you missed it, here’s my review of the movie that’s likely to top my list of Worst Movies Of 2019:… 
"It's about why am I here? What am I worth? We're all just trying to leave something behind." This is David Travers… 
One demon to save us all. Reserve your seats on our favorite kind of Tuesday &amp; see #Hellboy now playing:… 
No it's an app I have it in my TVs and If I want on my other gadgets , you can watch movies and tv shows it's like Netflix 
Movies of the year: The #TheRiseofSkywalker 
Stan Lee's Last Cameo is in 'Avengers: Endgame' Stan Lee, who is hailed by many as the driving creative force behi… 
You’re dumb. These type of movies are what give a balance between us and people everyone calls “nerds” or weird. I’… 
#GameofThrones creators decided to go all out on this season's opening sequence, changing a few things, but reveali… 
Production wraps on BIRDS OF PREY (AND THE FANTABULOUS EMANCIPATION OF ONE HARLEY QUINN), Margot Robbie announces;… 
Niether can I. Your son has good taste in movies. 
It's bad advice to say not to do it because I wouldn't want to be spoiled because I actually love spoiler… 
I know, right!I think i saw 1 fight on there and that was it. That must be an… 
Going Big and Going Home: “Little,” “Missing Link,” “Hellboy,” and “After” 
TV: Stranger Things 3, Umbrella Academy 2, Chambers, Street Food, Mob Psycho S3, Promised Neverland S… 
Hell yeah..Man Movies?  That’s a killer idea.  Let’s watch man movies! 
 let me go grab my ice cream n watch love movies hell  
Stop it, Justin.Frozen should be in B tier, Pixar movies shouldn't even be on here, bolt is not better t… 
It's amazing how people still just can't let people enjoy what they enjoy. Whether its video games, music, TV, movi… 
10 Days.#AvengersEndgameGet tickets here: been a long road; what were your favorite… 
The audience no longer possesses the attention span, more than two minutes between explosions and you… 
Stephanie Beatriz, Gregory Diaz IV, Olga Merediz, Dascha Polanco, Daphne Rubin-Vega &amp; (#ICYMI) Jimmy Smits join cas… 
I Like Scary Movies Experience - Review - 
I would like tequila and horror movies pls 
Late childhood and early adolescence is a time when children get messages about relationships and consent from TV s… 
I thought MoviePass would be out of business by now!Amazing they're still alive BUT not letting their customers wa… 
I don’t know what mine are except Boys Over Flowers. I’m not even sure I knew what I was watching for a… 
Milla Jovovich Stands Defiant Against ‘Hellboy’ Critical Beating #Movies #TV 
They’re in between movies. Not much else to do. 
Can't wait for this shit to be over so I can watch some movies 
I enjoy objectively bad movies and I don’t care if you judge me for it! 
This is why movies fail at the box office - overinflated budgets 
It’s the truth that scares people...The HARSH REALITY...Movies, Tv Shows, Books, and etc that shows the illusio… 
(4K Android TV Box COOWELL V11) #MTVBRKPOPBTS on Key Features…Bring your movies to life with this stunning 4K TV… 
#AvengersEndgame Cast Unanimously Agrees Who's Most Likely To Spoil The Ending - 
I hate when I’m watching movies at work and someone interrupts me with work. Like, get a job, Bob. #AmIRight? 
Ducks can only understand men who have played dinosaur experts in movies directed by Spielberg. Sam Neil… 
And taking my son to the movies a no no unless we do the drive in and even then lol he a hot mess 
There's just not enough black people in movies. Every other movie you watch is starred by people that don't look li… 
. : anything movies, specifically I wanted to be the boom operator, but I think I have… 
I never realized how creepy you were until I binged your movies...those eyes..they haunt me 
I think watching Christmas movies in April is a perfect sign of how done with the semester I am. 
The 3rd and 4th Music Program is tonight. "Disney, The Movies and Music."  The greenhouse will be open for sales. S… 
This has been blowing up the past day or two of people making fun of him, its pathetic tbh I dont see… 
More animated movies with stunning animation, yes, thank you  
I’ll never understand why other countries get to watch movies earlier than everyone else 
The Host book is much better than the movie. The book is brilliant. The… 
UNPLANNED and BREAKTHROUGH are two must see movies! 
Can't wait to see what you produce. #hollywood playground.   Goulding's Lodge - Monument Valley history of #movies,… 
If you don’t think there’s a myriad of “man movies” that are packaged and sold as such then you’re not… 
He watched a lot of Senyaka's movies.A broke man makes a plan. 
I’m so excited!! I’m a HUGE fan!! I’m also a HUGE fan of yours! Bully is one of favorite movies ever.  
Was checking it out yesterday ended up watching The Silence, reason all these movies and series are the… 
It's his fault! ruined that Dungeons and Dragons movie. He's not allowed to be in any fantasy mo… 
Why would you want to even spoil movies for people? Are you that cruel? #DontSpoilTheEndgame 
#free #FreeStuff #yum #popcorn #MovieNight #family #fam #faith #PureFlix #movies #TheImpossible #ThinPlaces #Celtic… 
Theres only one thing that can kill the movies, ad that is education.Will Rogers 
!! Anyone have any friends/family etc. that live near Des Moines and would like to see movies early &amp; make $$ while… 
Come to Game King on 67th to checkout our Movies for Sale!  50% off Blu-ray and DVD movies#movies #dvd… 
BDSM actions of fetish pleasure: #movies BDSM actions of fetish pleasure - Meine Zicken Pussy squirting permanent #… 
MINECRAFT movie slated to hit theaters on March 4, 2022 #film #movies 
You know I am watching too much of the Hallmark Channel when I start to notice wardrobe reused in movies. 
Y’all need to stop with all these movies 
i still think one of the most iconic lines in music is that part in existence by l'arc en ciel where the random lad… 
You cant make classic universal monsters into an action series. Horror movies are the ONLY other genre… 
If Twitter is changing from following specific individuals to following topics I'd like to formally call dibs on th… 
Bold of you to assume we, people who enjoy Star Wars and Super Hero movies, are interested at all in… 
I was watching some leaked Avengers Endgame footage and laughed out loud at how bad these stupid fuckin movies are 
Bernie, Nancy, Cher, booker. I don’t watch many movies anymore so I can’t think of the actors and ac… 
These are coo… 
I was honestly waiting on this picture! x  ..#mario #singer #randb #music… 
Why can’t they figure out that only headshots work? Was there no movies or thoughts about zombies in this universe 
I’m hoping that the release of Malibu Express and Hard Ticket to Hawaii is the beginning of releasing… 
It's a watch movies type of day. All I been doing since I woke up 
Sneak me in too, I wanna go to the movies  
You tryna hit the movies? Me: 
I don't think movies usually have music 
It's official: Mission Gateway adds entertainment complex — movies, bowling, escape rooms via 
Kevin Feige Alludes That Future 'Deadpool' Movies Will Stay R-Rated At 
After Avengers: Endgame, what’s next for the Marvel Cinematic Universe? 
The Cancun Resort has activities for the whole family: Lawn games, swimming, basketball, movies in the co… 
Fullscreen Signs 10 Clients to Talent Management Roster, Including Mikaela Hoover - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
BULLSHIT. I’m sick of the “Language Police”. Just leave us alone and make your damn movies. If we like… 
Literally every Tarantino movie is an obvious pastiche of movies within the genre a give… 
Example of a dead-end franchise:Why the hell is EVERY Terminator movie about the Connors and time traveling? We're… 
For those like myself who grew up watching the DCAU, this is just great to watch something come back that pretty mu… 
Feels so good having time/free time! Catching up on wrestling, gaming, anime, porn, sports, and movies! Don’t leave for work till Monday. 
22 marvel movies 
They literally just about to have 4 billion dollar movies in 1 year, who else is doing that… 
Losing Love Quotes From Movies 
Ha, yeah I figured why not? I'm sure I still have a TON to add, but was adding from the popular movies. 
I have sat there a lot of opening night movies. It’s at a movie with recliners it’s not as bad. So… 
The new #AvengersEndgame Twitter emojis, commissioned by #MarvelStudios, seem to confirm that the #film will featur… 
Gordon MaCrae  And Shirley Jones played the leads in the Oklahoma and Carousel movies. Great voices and perfect chemistry. 
"College is no game. You'll never analyze a movie" Me as a senior in two BA programs about to watch one of my all… 
Chinese Movies Bringing That Shit Back!    #Shadow 
I agree with you but I like Star Wars and I love the Marvel movies. But then again I’m not a sociall… 
The oral history of 'Office Space': Behind the scenes of the cult classic 
--*movies 
Movies that focus hard of style. Giant robots fighting kaiju, especially the jaeger names: Cherno Alpha,… 
Couldn’t agree more!!! Hell, they’d probably earn my respect doing something worthy like that! Amen!! I… 
Just heard this. JJ puts out so much misinformation during production of his movies that when RJs TLJ was being mad… 
animes with heavy mechanical/weapons fanservice like the patlabor movies, trigun, black lagoon and gunsmith cats 
i wanna go opening night but seeing these movies is a family thing for us and my dad is gonna be in… 
Gorgeous New #AvengersEndgame Poster Unites The Trinity - 
Definitely one of the best movies ever made. I’m proud to say I know every line.  
vcuarts cinema “make movies bad again” 
12TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
It's a great film. One of the best 80s vampire movies along with Lost Boys. Original plot, great actors… 
11 Actors Who Accidentally Spoiled Their Own Movies 
He was in one of my favorite movies - ‘We’re No Angels’ with Humphrey Bogart and Aldo Ra… 
The Marvel movies have zero stakes. The people legitimately scared of their favorite character being killed off in… 
And basically no continuity, just call it the dark universe. Maybe have a passing line that implying i… 
Avengers: Endgame directors urge fans to help silence spoilers #TercaDetremuraSDV 
Next Decade of Star Wars Movies Will Unite Game of Thrones Creators &amp; Rian Johnson 
Can Teen Disney Fans Guess Disney Movies Described By Kids?: vía 
Lol, no, just no. Stop being offended over stupid things. Both chick flicks and guy movi… 
The previews I saw before movies were "Let's show people getting smacked into objects, embarrassed i… 
Why yes, your ASMSA Library is celebrating Save the Elephants Day with The Wild Thornberrys! #savetheelephantsday… 
That’s a rlly helpful software. Some movies have actually been made with it 
After Its Fight With Agencies, WGA Will Have to Face Other Battlegrounds - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Also, a playstation is a gaming device, they made this very clear in the PS4 era. T… 
Me too... Always took us to the movies, went fishing and he too was a good cook. Loved… 
We already know what the endings going to be even without the spoiler.  For fucks s… 
"This movies takes a new look to an old and possibly overused sagas of lust-and-punishment." Today on… 
One of my favourite things about this Zac Efron movie project I'm doing is listening to a fun podcast #ZacAttack wh… 
I'm with you. Grown men blubbering about movies is fucking ridiculous. 
They grew up, became famous, became stars and are in movies. They are seeing the world driving nice… 
new target of the queen of EnglandJames Cromwell~ DEATH PREVENTED(PRESIDENT DEEP IMPACT MOVIE)OBITUARYMorri… 
The man next to me at the Abbott and Costello movie hummed gently along to the song I Wish You Were Here by Don Ray… 
Only when Hollywood stops making them, and starts making movies that star women that might actually appeal to the a… 
Wait wait does that mean he hasn't watched any of the previous movies that follows up to it??? 
...concept.And while I don’t necessarily think Kind Authur… 
the biggest lie i tell myself is that i’ll finish a movie later. do you know how many unfinished movies i have on my netflix list. 
Syempre gusting-gusto cuz anything you do, movies or TS the best ‘yan #MaineMendoza… 
I’ve heard and seen bro comedies, guy movies. Pretty sure there is a channel for movies… 
George Lucas Says Jar Jar Binks Is His Favorite Star Wars Character - #StarWars 
I make people spoil movies for me before i go see them so i can actually enjoy the movie without being focused on t… 
‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens   It is work seeing it open i… 
Yaaaaay so since Tuesday's are for movies Today I chose #LoveLivesHereMovie and it's such a greaaaat movie.… 
Listen to the latest episode of Vintage Voorhees now, on #iHeartRadio 
A lot of TV shows are based upon shitty situations and deal with difficult issues.  Game of Thrones is n… 
The live-action Minecraft movie release date revealed! (March 4, 2022) #Movies #TV 
Took the day off, took myself to the movies, and left my glasses at home.  
One of my fav movies  be prepared to cry !! 
 I hope that your streaming service will have audio description the same as  as a blind person it… 
Choose!  Favorite bunny... #Easter #poll #polls #polloftheday #Disney #cartoons #movies 
Way ahead of you. I call them daddy flicks cus daddy likes Ryan gosling movies. 
I'm right there with you. Have enjoyed most of these movies. It wil… 
, I love this game you're doing.  Next one do 80"s movies. 
I love The Goldbergs. The new spinoff Schooled is actually also good. 24 is k… 
A countdown video I’m watching of 10 best movies where everyone dies said Cloverfield was number one and as someone… 
#AvengersEndgame Directors Call For Silence After Massive Leak -   #TercaDetremuraSDV 
My Favorite Movies Inspired by Books 
Manure fans have changed the channel and now watching soapies and African movies  
it’s so fun rewatching all this shows and movies that I watched stoned as fuck in college cuz I don’t remember a da… 
are spoiler guesses ok? cool here's mine—most of the dead characters are going to be alive again, while some of the… 
Nope its one my of favorite movies, went to go see it with a girl i had a crush on ,she was a goth… 
Easter is this weekend!! Don't forget Elkader Cinema will ONLY have two shows on Sunday 4/21. … 
How much would you be willing to pay to stream new movies like #AvengersEndgame from home over opening weekend? $25… 
‘Minecraft’ Movie is Coming in 2022#Minecraft #minecraftmovie #movies #MovieNews 
I hate these stupid movies. I read the leak and all it says is that some of them will die, but the re… 
"The Wizard of Oz" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Yeah I didn't mean to insinuate that his… 
it's one of his earlier movies sksk 
"Will it be another 2.5 hours of calling for white genocide?" 'Real' Star Wars fan. "Looks cool, I like… 
Check out what the is saying about HER SMELL and make plans to catch the one night screening of this punk… 
my take on the Dark Universe is that they could have done it right and it would have been successful.… 
Oooohhhh!  I mean, I figured the dude in the gif, but didnt know his name or who he was. I don't keep u… 
Respective hero’s Last movies brother 
Got a binge box with the first 5 Mission Impossible movies. So there. That and Titans. That’s my vacation. 
#AvengersEndgame Directors Call For Silence After Massive Leak - 
I would go home have the patty melt AND the beer and crush out some movies.   
tea, sleep, movies.  Relax or you're gonna be f'd 
Movies &amp; Shows   &amp;&amp; like I said in the middle  
Since I see these movies on opening night, I choose to believe this is directed solely at me. 
Drake and Josh on their way to the movies 
Nah Marvel biggest movie franchise and brand in the world at the end of the day, they… 
Real cops from the movies. Lol 
He's the Sora of final fantasy, visiting other games instead of Disney movies and I'm all about that 
"Do or do not. There is no try."#MayThe4thBeWithYou #4DollarMoviesCelebrate May The 4th Be With You at Clark Pla… 
you can still be a true MCU fan and still have negative opinions on movies that came up short, you d… 
#NYTimes Review: ‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens… 
OH MAN WHERE DO I GET THIS I'M TIRED OF GETTING MY FAVORITE GAMES AND MOVIES SPOILED 
J J Abrams: so I know most people big complaint is that the new movies are he same story as the originals, First Or… 
Rita Ora managing to get acting roles in major movies AND singing the main songs of the Soundtracks 
Can we stop remaking movies 
It's Nollywood because they're movies from Nigeria 
Check it out! You can now watch #myoutdoortv on Amazon Prime! Never miss your favorite show again. Movies on the… 
How do you know I'm a fan?  I like the old school movies  
look who I found at the movies 
Yeah I’m digging the “I don’t know what’s gonna happen” aspect of a lot of the movies I’m looking forward to this year. 
Morris I. Diamond, Concert Promoter and Music Supervisor on Movies, Dies at 97 via 
For sure. I've been a fan for a long time, actually. I've read most of his books and seen most of his… 
Which website do you guys watch movies on? 
I've never had a date specifically at the movies. 
Lol not even... I can't deal with the Hollywood movies that last for 5 hours straight. And that's part 1 
I call some movies chick flicks. That should offend no one.   
A death, a twist, or shocking revelation? There’s basically no emotional impact of re… 
One of the BEST movies ever    
In the first year after its launch, Disney+ will include 7,500 episodes of current &amp; off-air TV shows; 25 original… 
The people want to know if you like Canes more or Marvel movies? 
I’ve never watched the SATC television series. I’ve only ever watched the movies. So I’m gonna give the series a chance. 
Forget violent movies and video games. Twitter is the real agent of desensitisation  
Check out the schedule for the upcoming movies! One more week until #AvengersEndgame get your tickets in advance!… 
Just give it back to new line/WB and let them make the movies I am sick of law suits it's suck so much right now. 
Agreed. This is one of my favorite movies and secretly why I named my daughter Charlotte so we can call her Charley. 
Ooyala CEO Jonathan Huberman on the Company’s Future After the Brightcove Deal (EXCLUSIVE) -… 
Of these four movies, which has the best cast? 
From my office and Irl BFF. Sometimes people just get you. Ps this is pretty much one of the worst movies. 
I miss TV shows and movies that aren't leftist propaganda that use lies and deception to get their cultish points across. 
This also raises the question of WHY a company that provides movies and TV shows is threatening the community of En… 
C'mon Jesus....NY Times just took a good look at the film and surprisingly, gave a great review! 
Oh, yeah, no. I know this sounded snarky, but I wasnt dragging anyone. I'm used to live theater so,… 
Will it be able to play 4K Blu-Ray movies?  The disc is also a nice option to have.  
Free online bondage movies 
/r/movies mods are saying that accurate Avengers spoilers are being spread on Reddit.I may have to stay off Reddi… 
Little Women is a remake, Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is an original story. Clearly the worse choice is Little Wo… 
Ugh fine I want movies right now But I am already in the middle of watching it. I’ll finish it  
Ahem *movies* 
I'd say destiny but movies are supposed to have a story kappa 
No. 1. Some movies have women as their primary demographic 2. A term for such movies is useful 3. Whatever you… 
They must not be over. Nancy Pelosi is US Speaker of the House...THIRD in line to be the President of the United S… 
What kind of movies are you into? #AskPredicts 
And Hulk was later reduced to minor roles in later movies. 
Its incredible how even with such large portfolio of ministries and successfuly delivering results,… 
I just watched the Endgame leaked scenes. I haven’t seen like the last 8 marvel movies so it didn’t make any sense.… 
A very nice collection of movies, records and books.. 
Make Horror Movies Scary Again. 
I've called certain films Guy Movies for decades 
I grew up in on Sam Raimi's Spider-Man and the early X-Men. The Incredible Hulk as well. While I wasn't a… 
If you think Star Wars won’t be remade again you’re delusional. Also, they’re still going to make Avengers… 
In the final scenes of Secret Window, Mort Rainey kicks his estranged wife in the back and drags her by her hair.… 
Make Terminator 3 poster (№1013) photo effect with PhotoFaceFunСategory: Movies - Terminator 3 poster… 
There are new movies being released on digital and DVD! Raphael Seth takes a look at this week's new releases inclu… 
6 Amazing Movies You Can Watch on Youtube Right Now #YouTubeMusic #movies More 
We have an online guide to award winners in our collection; award winning books, audiobooks and movies. Now updated… 
The best movie sequels   
123 movies 
Lemme download african african movies  for you  
Where can I download movies online? Or even watch 
I hate anyone who gets on social media to bitch about how people spoil movies on socia… 
Marvel fans        Marvel haters                                            Spending money seeing marvel movies when they come out. 
Honestly though, it feels the same as watching shit about cancer while being a cancer survivor. Or watching war m… 
Just wanted too see who loves nostalgic movies n especially romantic ones 
How #Romantic Movies Can Increase Intimacy In Your #Relationship?Love provides #Trust, #Respect, and #Affection.… 
I'm going to finish this bottle and die of sleep after movies. 
You’re making fun of someone who’s passionate about things they have watched since they were little. I love… 
You might not be blown away but if you like movies you won’t be disappointed. 
The most famous Trooper in movies. #AnimalHouse 
‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds 
Id say the same about movies by them. I think it’s worth discussing… 
FB friends in Atlanta, New York, LA...so on. How are your cities compared to what they show in movies? I'm curious..... 
Meh.  If it's a good movie, spoilers don't matter.  Good movies are worth watching multiple times an… 
Just stream movies &amp; TV shows then STFU. #SnowFlake 
I think it just arrived when people thought of westerns as Baby Boomer movies and even the appeal of Br… 
DC movies . Try them....original Dark Knight trio. Even Keatons original.... 
Pay for all these channels to watch a couple channels lol, and let’s face it, nobody watches all 600+… 
First: No, I wont stop calling them "chick flicks"Second: There is a "sweeping categories specific t… 
Kevin Feige: Marvel’s Disney+ Series to ‘Intersect’ With MCU Movies in A ‘Very Big Way’ 
Cartoon – On &amp; On | Best Romance Hallmark Movies [Video 4K] 
Yoh guess what I'm watching? #42. Ilike your acting skills, I sometimes forget theres directors in… 
I wanna have a beer with  The man has great taste in movies. 
I try and see most Jesus-movies. Most, not all. I've read a couple of reviews of this one. Evidently, in some place… 
Happy Birthday Sir Charles Spencer Chaplin , aka Charlie Chaplin. April 16, 1889 - December 25, 1977 There are few… 
Marvel Kicks Off 10 Day Countdown To #AvengersEndgame With New Promo - 
Lrt: same goes for the mcu movies like congrats, hating popular things loudly doesn't make u interesting, it makes… 
Coming to #Mission Gateway: Massive entertainment center with movies, zip lines, games #joco 
It will definitely make those movies hit harder. 
Since #women were little girls, they’ve heard things from their family, church, Disney movies, and society in gener… 
My answer to What film gave you the most enjoyable experience at the movies/Cinema? 
Grabbing passerbys and bellowing "THE CINEMA!" in their faces just so that I can be sure they are awar… 
New Poster for Drama 'Ramen Shop' #Movies #TV 
First full look at Chucky in new Childs Play Movie #Movies #TV 
How Kevin Feige Super-Charged Marvel Studios Into Hollywood’s Biggest Hit Machine #Movies #TV 
Wrote a thing for and shared some thoughts on why the work that we do in local government is personal. Chec… 
I don't see why going out by yourself is so foreign these days. Honestly it's just self care. Go to lunch by yourse… 
Y’all wasting time with this PSA. Hollywood needs to make everything streaming and stop over taxing the people for movies! 
Whether these movies are your cup of tea or not, what is happening with these movies is cinematic history and will… 
Dark Phoenix Is on Track for Lowest X-Men Opening Ever #darkphoenix 
This.Those of you who take perverse pleasure in spoiling movies from other people are some of the worst people on… 
BEN KENIGSBERG picked Hail Satan? as a Critics' Pick! 
I went wrong by stating a fact that Neera Tanden punched her employee? And that makes it ok for people l… 
Here is a website for new movies 
"‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT Critics' Pick 
Daisy Ridley Says Episode IX's Ending Was Changed During Production  #TercaDetremuraSDV 
Which movies? 
"‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT Critics' Pick… 
Mahesh Bhatt literally cashed in using the problem Parveen Barbie had..he created 2 movies Arth and Woh Lamhein ..u… 
Thank you. Even though its terrible news and I'm in tears, I appreciate having a source. My husband is a mas… 
You already admitted that you don't read. Do you not watch movies in your country either? 
"Any good relationship between two well-rounded individuals should be based on other common interests beyond politi… 
One of my FAVORITE MOVIES 
as soon as your home will we do cookies and the movies  
There you have it folks. I’ll be screening two movies. 30 seconds &amp; Fifa tournament. Cash prizes to be won. I’ll… 
To avoid spoilers please mute the hashtag, you can complain if the person tweeted spoilers without the hashtag. Oth… 
#CaptainAmerica my girlfriend and I are going to watch the whole #MCU. Six movies down 15 to go. 
Going to miss these guys!!!! They both and are their staff have done such a wonderful job making the Marvel movies!… 
Donald Glover should make more movies. 
5 Callbacks You Missed in Game of Thrones Season 8, Episode 1 - GoT Premiere Easter Eggs via  
So far the only thing I’ve learned in my movies and music class is that apparently 2001: A Space Odyssey in fact di… 
Maybe this will help it is also available via ITunesAlso in DVD and Blue-Ray 
Watchmen is one of the most underrated movies 
I'm really only familiar with the movies but with Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow I don't need much else tbh. 
I don't like that stuff. I love the original Star Wars movies, but that's where fanboyism ends. I dug th… 
Whoa! What a look at the voyage we have taken over the last decade, at what built from that which… 
Enter in your Wi-Fi and received movies 
I always buy DVDs/Blu-ray’s of my most favorite TV shows/movies. Sometimes you can’t legally stream the… 
Stick to B rated shows and movies.Leave the thinking stuff to smart people. 
please I’m begging y’all to stop make Chucky movies pls we’ve had enough 
That's the best case scenario. We could be tortured forever in the name of researching a functions… 
A date night movie night that consists of the following movies...Brown SugarLove and BasketballThe best manWhy… 
I don't watch comic book movies, so obviously this Endgame thing is "Endwhat?" to me.But I have a major spoiler.… 
I'll catch it on Netflix or Prime somedayI really like the other Hellboy movies so I might be too biased going in lol 
You're ready for action movies/series 
The top 10 movies on the iTunes Store $AAPL #AAPL #Movies #Entertainment #Mediadistribution 
Critic’s Pick: ‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds 
#FridayThe13th Legal Battle Shows No Signs Of Ending Anytime Soon #F13 
I really like your movies and am happy to see you making more. You've been an inspiration to many… 
Man we are not in the movies. At least if you try after hours maybe, then just maybe there might be a chance. 
Adesanya, Gastelum exchange compliments: ‘This is the fight movies are made of’ via 
Disneynature's 'Penguins' teaches lessons in parenthood and Antarctic survival 
Is it a problem when I find all horror movies funny. There’s always something funny about these scary wannabe movie… 
P.s. movies that men like - traditionally- should be called “dick flicks” #DickFlick 
Are there actors who don’t pick movies based on the script, but art direction ? 
last night I watched one of the Subspecies movies than  today I get up and read that they're making another one tal… 
Six movies ago....!!!!! #HowStarWarsShouldEnd 
No. I do like your new term “man movies” though, make that a new category. 
Anyone who misunderstands you is jealous, or crazy!  Take it from a vintage life-long Cher fan, you care abou… 
Bumblebee is the worst transformer movie ever created,  the script contradicts all the other movies, and the directing... Oh God! 
BIG KEEF writes music movies poetry and autobiographical writing and children books I'm rea… 
Fyi: The reason why there isn't is a category called "man movies" is  because the majority of films ar… 
Who needs to go to the movies? 
We watched so many movies together . 
I love this video for using characters’ themes from previous movies. I hope that Alan Silvestri has taken a similar… 
#Minecraft Movie Release Date Revealed #MicrosoftStudios #Mojang #Movies 
‘Penguins’ Review: A Nature Documentary Veers Into Fairy Tale 
They're making Rick Grimes movies, and I'm sure he'll reunite with the rest by the series finale. 
Vampires has a runtime of 108 minutes. That 80 minutes too short if you ask me. #Vampires #JamesWoods #movies 
I don’t know who first introduced me to it but I love it (especially as we enter a season that is fu… 
#Movie "Client Seduction" (2014) 
•Cowboy Bebop &amp; the movie that accompanies it•Ghost in the Shell : SAC &amp; 2nd Gig, &amp; the original movie… 
Movies that aren’t just about heterosexual love have been outdoing themselves in the last few years. I’m pleasantly impressed. 
Did you know Frank Darabont had a cameo in Vampires? #Vampires #JamesWoods #Movies 
What’s your favorite moment in the movie Vampires? #Vampires #JamesWoods #Movies 
Best And Worst Harry Potter Films Ever Made #horror: Here are the best Harry Potter movies ranked from best to wors… 
"‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT The New York Times 
I used to like watching movies he was in. Now, I would watch anything he stars in. Sa… 
Chicken Run is an artistic masterpiece and you're using it as a punchline for your bullshit insults to… 
From NY Times: "‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds" 
Anakin And The Emperor Reunite In #StarWars Celebration Photo - 
There’s nothing more fun than family night at the movies!  Ugly Dolls is a new animated film about acceptance, div… 
Breaking video news: ‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds" via NYT #movies #films 
I thought West life is western movies, when I opened your clip I was waiting to see cowboys 
"‘Hail Satan?’ Review: Pitchforks, Black Clothes and Good Deeds" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT 
I need new friends to watch all these new movies coming out this year lmao 
Thor has proven himself worthy to continue on! Thor will Return for Round 16, while Captain America: The First Aven… 
Maybe cypher but why he’d be in one of the movies I don’t know 
Yoh? The way u did it...its like Jackie movies. 
I finished watching all of the movies last weeks &amp; rewatched infinity war like thrice 
Super sad that in Eagan is closing in 2 days  I've seen 108+ movies here! 
No you dont. You know I have not even seen the 3rd avengers movie. I know I have to watch a lot of… 
Only THEN can u start reviewing movies 
This Friday Now Playing starts their look back at the Summer of 1989 in our Gold Donation series. But you can sta… 
They're watching quality movies/TV shows. 
Dude's legitimately happy about the movie, and the only thing you took out of that is "he's undateab… 
Its movie date night We seeing 2 movies tonight I hope my Sis make it in time too Working hard on her birthday pu… 
I've got over 30 movies on my list to see this year, most of them superhero or other nerdy franchises,… 
Hell no!!  Why people gotta mess with redoing movies...  no original ideas??? 
One Of My Top Favorite Movies 
The Chucky from the first 3 movies will always better 
What are some good movies to watch? Or shows ? Netflix or Prime ? 
My wife's PhD loves both Star Wars and super hero movies, and is hotter and smarter than you. 
Sci-fi movie general: "All of our missiles go haywire around (the baddie)."Smartest person in the room: "We have h… 
Ok this nigga had the worst death ever in the history of zombie movies 
Someone get this woman some popcorn! Did you know #EXTRAS Members get #FreePopcorn on #FiveDollarTuesday?!… 
THEY'RE COMING #newworldorder #riseofthedarkprince #theyrecoming #firstomnipotentempire #bible #revelation… 
The Fall of Physical Media: The Motion Picture Association of America reveals a near-50% decline in global physical… 
Shadow (2019) Official US Trailer #Movies #TV 
Actress Georgia Engel Has Died at 70 #Movies #TV 
Last time I went to the movies solo I was crying, seeing Paul walker for the last time hit me so hard  
Janvhi Kapoor and Sara Ali Khan - most overrated actress in Bollywood. They don’t deserve to be in Bollywood movies.  
Find great deals on books, music, movies, and more! The Spring Used Book Sale offers a well-rounded collection of m… 
Can we watch movies?  
At least we can't argue about the order of the movies anymore...  
#Y102 movies #bring your own bowl #free popcorn Monday &amp; Tuesday 
Star Wars movies should make you angry and make you laugh, for the same 
It’s one of my favorite movies as well. I actually went to the premiere at… 
New poster for the thriller THE INTRUDER.#theintruder #movieposter #thriller #suspense #michaelealy #meagangood… 
Wait a minuteIs my future roommate co forming to society standards?For shameAlso hell no I like superhero and… 
Early summer 1988 was an unreal time for movies. On June 22, Who Framed Roger Rabbit came out, then one week later… 
Production budget is the key here. Stop being afanboy, none of these movies flopped. 
#AvengersEndgame TV spot teases superheroes’ mission "to the end": 
#AvengersEndgame Twitter Emojis May Spoil Some Big Character Returns - 
How do I cancel my subscription and get a refund? I've been getting error messages and haven't been… 
Now Available The Kid Who Would Be King, with  Rebecca Ferguson, Tom Taylor, Patrick Stewart, Rhianna Dorris and De… 
 men can like romantic comedies too, I’m a sucker for emotional movies(Also Chicken Run is an A+ movie) 
This promo spot shows in 2.5 minutes why the MCU has been successful and why Endgame is by most logical measurement… 
New official poster for PLAYMOBIL: THE MOVIE.#playmobil #movieposter #adventure #children #kids #funny #toy #toys… 
Check out guides for programs, movies, documentaries, &amp; specials on faith-based and family media this week (4/15) 
Please stick to movies and tv and not trying to make us "Woke". Its just sad. 
Yeah those are the ones i skip and go to the movies. 
Awesome #umbrellaacademy Cosplay 2019. #cosplay #netflix #darkhorsecomics #comics #dccomics #marvel… 
Movies to Watch with Your Mom 
Alas nothing the series or movies offered could match the creativity and complexity of the Rihannsu as wri… 
Avengers: Endgame Footage Has Been Leaked on Social Media  #TercaDetremuraSDV 
Rock movies is the new hominhos movies 
Just got back from the Movies wit my sisters #Little was a good movie 
4k isnt even that big of a deal for games anyway, it's more for movies and TV. I would rather have my fram… 
#comicbooksFrom a cultural standpoint, its interesting to map pre-HAYS code movies lik… 
John Wick Star Ian McShane On How Movies Could Continue For A Decade - Summit EntertainmentOnly a month remains b… 
One of my favourite movies of all time , don't think I'll delete from my explora 
Yeah, smoking looks cool in movies, but have you seen Christopher Lloyd eat an apple with a knife in Dennis the Menace? 
How do I cancel my subscription and get a refund? I've been getting error messages and haven't been abl… 
One of the best movies ever 
Vacation time is great for catching up on movies. Today's viewing: The Proposition, written by Nick Cave. This is a… 
Please Go To the Movies 
Seen any good movies recently? 
Bliss is straight basura 
i wasnt feeling that movie at all. a lot of the characters were pointless &amp; i dont… 
Let's not forget all of the Schwarzenegger movies, or Alien, or the countless Vietnam flicks. No, those weren't the… 
Over 24 hours, people have told me to kill myself, sent death threats, contacted my boyfriends school to complain (… 
#StarWarsTheLastJedi Actor Throws Shade At Admiral Ackbar's Death - 
I knew about ordering the DVD I was meaning Amazon video streaming… 
Whiplash is one of the best movies I’ve ever seen 
Fantastic story about and how fandom is changing for the better (despite the loud losers): 
This trailer is better than most movies I have watched! #endgame #cantwait 
A conversation between two greats: Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations 
13 new must-watch documentaries, from Beyonce's 'Homecoming' to Steve Bannon's 'The Brink' - USA TODAY… 
Ever see the 1931 move The Public Enemy?  Cagney is the prohibition gangster, and his brother the la… 
Are these the right moves to be coming from 
You made your living in movies as a sexpot and you tweet this? 
'Do the Right Thing’ is one of those 25 or so movies that change the way you think about movies forever. 
Unless they agree to start calling all gun, mob and war movies “dick flicks”..... 
Lol. I’d put dean at the bottom too 
You ever think Dennis Quaid gets upset that he went from starring in one of the greatest movies ever made (Breaking… 
#Movie "Trancers 4: Jack of Swords" (1994) 
You know what's nice? Being able to buy movies. I get to watch what I like without having to go outside and sociali… 
What a productive day! Managed to tick off 3 from my list today. Here’s to more pending movies to watch  #whatacads 
Top 3 movies? — Aliens, Jurassic park and venom 
Agree on most. Obviously… 
Who here like “Movies”? No, not like cinema,  l’m talking about new song!! 
"It seems todayThat all you seeIs violence in moviesAnd sex on T.VBut where are those good old-fashioned value… 
Last time I had a hearty laugh watching comedy was watching one of the Laurel &amp; Hardy movies. This one beats it. 
Be the first to see the movies! There's always advanced screenings of new features on Thursdays! This week's sneak… 
These movies make me chuckle 
You know in movies there’s that awkward girl whose coat is buttoned up to her chin and she stands there with her ca… 
Marvel Disney+ Series Will Intersect With MCU Movies 
Marvel Disney+ Series Will Intersect With MCU Movies Marvel Studios president Kevin Feig… 
"If you like Hallmark movies you'll love this book." #romance #books #HEA 
Probably just for streaming movies. 
I found out about Cinemassacre's "Rental Reviews" and I'm fucking loving it.Stoped watching AVGN some 5 or 6 year… 
Super cool! 
This weather  hot food, movies and bed is everything!! 
At the movies with Levi.... — watching Missing Link at Franklin Square Cinema 
how to download movies to computer for free - how to download free movies for mac - downloadable movies for free 
You like marvel movies? 
Why We Shouldn’t Be So Serious About The New #Joker Film - 
Yoooooo listen very carefully to Vision’s quote in this trailer. The amount of depth laces these movies wit… 
Me: I don’t cry for moviesAvangers: hiMe: OMFG I CAN’T EVEN LIFE DOESN’T MAKE SENSE ANYMORE 
T-Mobile Tuesday: FREE Latte, Tacos, Deals &amp; More Every Tuesday (Mobile App Required) - Yo! Free Samples 
Celebrate Charlie Chaplin’s 130th Birthday By Watching His Films on Criterion Channel 
Lmao I hate you  who has time for movies when there’s beer 
guy in irelands bluray collection  i dont understand its just movies maybe those live in ireland and places underst… 
Chocolates, icecream, whatever your favorite chips/snacks are, a couple of movies or a netflix seaso… 
How To Pay Off Your Home At A Furious Pace-Home Refinance Program. Email dated 4/25/17.oth… 
lol we used to watch this movie on Etv long time agocan't believe sabc is still sh… 
Kriti Sanon on pay gap in Bollywood: Actresses are slowly getting their monetary due 
Shut up and stream movies. That’s all. Plus I like the term chick flix because it tells me what not to watch. 
From Dead to Dead 2: Monstrously Good Movies! #MacabreGrimoirePodcast 
People gonna hate this, but remember there are LEGO movies out there that people love. So shhhh, let it have a chance. 
A friend has seen most of the MCU but none of the Thor movies. How important do you think it is to watch the first… 
I think I broke that small bone in the thumb that bad guys break to get out of handcuffs in movies. 
"‘Penguins’ Review: A Nature Documentary Veers Into Fairy Tale" by TEO BUGBEE via NYT 
"‘Penguins’ Review: A Nature Documentary Veers Into Fairy Tale" by TEO BUGBEE via NYT The New York Times 
The movies are doing their storytelling magic! 
‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane - The New York Times 
From NY Times: "‘Penguins’ Review: A Nature Documentary Veers Into Fairy Tale" 
Kevin Feige Explains What Comes Next For The MCU After #AvengersEndgame - 
Netflix needs to stop casting Noah Centineo in their movies...over here making me wanna break up with my bf for no… 
The Netflix originals been the best movies on Netflix lately 
Breaking video news: ‘Penguins’ Review: A Nature Documentary Veers Into Fairy Tale" via NYT #movies #films 
Nex-Tech Tuesday!!!! Nex-Tech Wireless movie series paired with The Emporia Granada Theatre!!!! The Lorax!!! Sunday… 
Nex-Tech Tuesday!!!! Nex-Tech Wireless movie series paired with The Emporia Granada Theatre!!!! The Lorax!!! Sunda,… 
I used to go to movies by myself more often when we lived about 5 minutes from a theater. 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker's Daisy Ridley Can't Get Behind Reylo Romance - 
Absolutely. Whether or not it was a good business decision sort of falls by the wayside over the decad… 
A man named Steven Spielburg, created one of the greatest movies of all time. This movie was known as jaws. 
This constant regurgitation of old tropes/movies is the sign that a certain group has reached the cap on what their… 
New DVD Releases April 2019: All The Latest Movies And TV Shows Coming This Month 
Full screen incoming call notifications are the worst on iPad Pro (iPhone too). In the middle or writing on a 1300$… 
Yeah, if you could have a category called Guy Movies, that was more The Dirty Dozen and less The Unico… 
I'm not bothered by this. Going to the movies by yourself is a good time.Try it. 4/4 
Okay i know we’re talking about pickles.... but star struck is one of my favorite Disney movies 
Avengers: Endgame Said To Be One Of The Biggest Movies Of Our Lifetime 
New On Amazon Prime Video May    May is just around the corner, and with it comes a… 
‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane 
Y'all out here bragging about your #Endgame tickets. I'll see it when the theater is like the end of Infinity War;… 
plays all movies and shows but can we get the Madea Plays on BET already 
Superhero movies get so toxic 
What movies have opened the floodgates for you? Why We Cry on Planes - The Atlantic  
Here Are The Movies Coming To Netflix This Week 
Check out Game Of Thrones and about 20 Marvel movies... #ThatAughtToDoIt ! 
It’s so telling that of all movies made, actors in CGI-heavy movies like these have to watch their o… 
10 days to go, folks! 
Oh dear, I just realized with all these Disney classics being made into fancy live action movies, it’s only a matte… 
Netflix's Black Summer is an adrenaline rush.Episode 1 #Netflix #NetflixAndChill #Films #TVShows 
making deal$ w/ derekhunterart Fort Lauderdale Swap Shop &amp; Thunderbird Drive In Movies 
It’s like the common belief that today’s movies are mostly trash compared to the Golden Age of Hollywo… 
The idea that ‘calling movies chick flicks drives home that there’s something trivial about them’ is inherently sex… 
The idea that ‘calling movies chick flicks drives home that there’s something trivial about them’ is i… 
'Breakthrough' has its miraculous moments, but not enough of them 
Let them make their own movies with the cameras 
Mario: Galaxy 2 Zelda: Minish Cap (come at me bro) Sonic: uhh fuck sonic Metroid: never fucked with metroid Res… 
The last shot of this dream was and me, seated in front of his ride, talking. Presumably about movies… 
in Get Out, the Super Rich were part of a group , The Red Alchemists Society, All the tethered wore r… 
Is this from one of those loksion bioskop movies? 
Personally, I'd like to see more movies like the latest Spiderman, where the stories are a little s… 
The 1993 animated Batman film "Mask of the Phantasm" is one of my favorite Batman movies. And the musical score is… 
Yeah, chick flicks don't do that.They're usually a vehicle to let viewers imagine falling in love with Ryan Gosli… 
Someone needs to tell me where I can download these movies 
Baby is very retro, she enjoys alot of 80s movies, 90s cartoons and 70s music. 
Top 3 most viewed Tollywood movies on YouTube 1) #Srimanthudu - #MaheshBabu 2) #Dj - #AlluArjun3) #NenuLocal -… 
The thing that pisses me off about modern-day zombie movies is that the characters never think to shoot the zombies… 
I don't. So weed, vodka, and escapism through movies, video games, and fan fiction.  
Coming to Prairie Cinema!! 4/17, and 4/19Breakthrough starts Wed. The Curse of La Llorona starts Fri!#love… 
Most of yal that say yal don’t watch marvel movies or GOT coz blah blah lack creativity and innovation! Go argue… 
'Penguins' review: From Disneynature, lessons in parenthood and Antarctic survival 
Alex niggas robbed a Sabc crew . Hope they stole their movies hard drive. 
It is the name that Phantom Menace or Attack of the Clones should have had. Not the end of a dogshit… 
movies i like that others dont1. foodfight2. emoji movie3. boss baby4. suicide squad5. the matrix trilogy6. b… 
90s Black Love movies &gt; 
Interesting factoid: 'Also going nowhere is 4K or Ultra HD, which accounts for just 5.3 percent of physical video s… 
What are your favorite movies? — Gladiator is my number one. Gran Torino, Finding Neverland, How to Lose a Guy in T… 
U may actually be blind to the account that there are a lot of females out there with the same opini… 
Women say that certain movies are guy movies or bro flicks, do they also need correction? 
What hobbies do you have? — So many! I love sports (both watching and playing), hanging out with friends, going out… 
I love them too. She can date or not date whoever she wants. Who really cares? I go on d… 
#Movie "Fear No Evil" (1981) 
Translation is horrible, can say this definitely about Marathi movies. Ha… 
The Gods unotifungisa nigerian movies 
Also, excellent gif usage. Forest Gump is one of my top 5 favorite movies.  
Margot Robbie confirms 'Birds Of Prey' has wrapped 
Coming Friday to North Grand Cinema! 4/19#love #movies #LaLlorona #amesiowa 
FOR ALL THOSE THAT NEED THE ORDER OF THE MARVEL MOVIES.... THEY GAVE IT TO YOU IN THIS COMMERCIAL… 
#ThatCityFeeling I prefer staying at home... hell ig it was up to ke I'd sleep all day, watch movi… 
I know the feeling...Pedro’s response to Harris is now in my head...lol...I haven’t watched that movies in… 
‘Star Wars’ Movies to Take Hiatus After Episode IX 
I’m at the point now where the prequel movies are difficult to sit through. Even though ROTS has stuff going on i… 
It’s been years since the #HarryPotter movies were released, but there are still some things that we’re mad they le… 
no of course not. and idk this dude but i did watch the video and this guy seems to just genuinely lov… 
When I was a kid in primary school, I used to watch 'The Persuaders' on Cine movies. The main actors were Roger Moo… 
PBS POV Spark Announces Immersive Films, Instagram Stories 
Last day of the fest is Saturday, so make sure you see your fav films before they're gone. Something special about… 
"‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT… 
Thank you my special man for today. Walaupun busy jugak keje, sempat spend masa with movies &amp; foodies. And thank yo… 
With Claire Denis’ new sci-fi drama “High Life” slated to be out this April, we’ve continued the recent trend of sp… 
New Study Claims People Who Stream More Are Also Going to the Movies More Often 
What’s the point of Hollywood catering so many movies to the Chinese market if they haven’t learned a thing from th… 
Swordfish is in the top 5 of my fav movies of all time!!!! 
War Machine Picks On Ant-Man In New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot - 
There’s more then just the movies my friend 
Alice is learning about Disney movies and VHS tapes. Valuable lessons all around. 
Just show the movies, nerds. 
Hanging Lake, 14ter, hot air balloon ride, sand dunes, Germany, DANCE, movies, hikes, cardio! This summer is going to be a good one 
What Blockbuster movie you watch with Donald Glover? Solo was a flop. Who is also a whole ass musical artist… 
Looks like you’ve been watching a lot of movies.  
Oh wanted to see if you want to go to the movies or something but we can go another day 
I’m a bit sick after going to see 2 movies and binge watching full metal alchemist 
Women are cunts y'all, man just stoked that his favorite movies are still going and he just genuinely excited. I st… 
I fell in love with Evan a long time ago but wanna know what made me love him more? Him WILLINGLY wanting to watch… 
Also, me saying she’s focusing on movies doesn’t mean she’s trying to be Will Smith. Sis is also an executiv… 
"‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" by BRUCE FRETTS via NYT The New York Times 
From NY Times: "‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" 
Feel like watching Nollywood moviesWith Patience Ozokwo kn them 
She. Just. Started. Filming. Movies? Have you seen it? How does she lack star potential with an award-winning show on HBO lol? 
Breaking video news: ‘Avengers: Endgame’: Latest Trailer Is a Trip Down Marvel’s Memory Lane" via NYT #movies #films 
Check out our services and get ultimate entertainment with access to over 330 channels, watch every NFL game, and o… 
Laftrip man hangover 2  old movies 
He also produces movies portraying himself as a badass: 
I swear I am always late for the movies. 
Yes, Marvel's ahead in number of movies but that doesn't make them superior. Also, y… 
I love  hood &amp; action movies y’all can keep that lovie dovie shit 
6,126 comic book characters and they keep making the same movies. 
Gape those stupid glasses of theirs nna di nkopisa tlhogo 2D will always be the way  I try to avoid 3D movies g… 
It took me two minutes to see on Wikipedia that she’s filming two movies to be released next year lol. 
Movies and food, one leads to the other #GalaxyS10 
I am not looking for your "[x] movie glorifies abusive relationships" I am looking for "I WILL NEVER NOT BE STRESSE… 
Movies take a while to produce lol. I’m sure she has things in production. Hence why she’s too busy to film Insecure lol. 
He’s on the board of Netflix. He even knows what movies  you are watching. 
Putlockers pm or 123 movies 
You still have time to see any of our currently screening movies! Half your ticket is on us. 
End of the day movies aren't your Bible. But for those who know it we could enjoy i… 
Watched 'Einstein and Eddington' for the second time. I'm not sure how much of the story is just the story, but, bu… 
Haven’t seen those folks on here. Did have a lady jump on me and the person I was talking to though. W… 
I believe that Zack Snyder has made amazing movies. For me, 300 was groundbreaking and Sucker Punch… 
So awesome! One of my fav movies! Best soundtrack. 
Science fiction movies continue to show off the homes of the future, but when will we actually get there? … 
My question is will there be affordable AR/VR headsets and how close are we to AR play where we ar… 
My wife is giving me real grief about the $50 though. She doesn’t want to do it, even though I hit my d… 
"Under Siege" and 5 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
sometimes when I watch movies of people trippin when their high I be like wow weed really doesn't do that to you. B… 
books are always better than the movies 
I haven't gone to the movies in 5years. Plus I take the time to dislike anything on Netflix that has the a… 
Top 15 Scary Horror Movies to Never Watch Alone #horror: Read our picks for the top 15 scary horror movies to never… 
The best time to quote the prequel movies/Is all the tiiiiime 
First of all I watch a lot of amazing movies from even before you’re time and appreciate them… 
Be careful out there, folks. 
As a female I call those types of movies chick flicks all the time. You know what? Still love those ro… 
Did you know we also have a #YouTube Channel? Come on over and check out all the awesome vids, pods and movie playl… 
Shut up and just do your job. Buying movies and television programming that I want to watch. 
"Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations" by BARRY JENKINS via NYT… 
Our local movie theatre shut down a couple of years ago after bedbugs moved in, was glad I hadn't been to the movies in awhile 
I will admit to not being a huge fan of the new Star Wars movies, so my trailer reaction was pretty l… 
The real question is, who buys a playstation to play movies in this day and age. We've changed for… 
Two of my fav movies/plays are The Phantom of the Opera and The Importance of being Earnest 
Chelsea and I are gonna play beer pong in the garage and watch the purge movies 
So weird space movies? Flash Gordon? Barbarella? Maybe even John Carter of Mars?… 
I feel like this stems from a stereotype that all men are horny and will be dtf at any hour of any… 
New Episode!!! If you love movies abd Television shows, this the one. Guaranteed laughs too. Press play! 
You like scary movies? — They are my favorite. 
I wish life was like the movies 
Being single is a refreshing feeling but I just wanna cuddle w someone and watch movies now  
#Stonegasmoviechallenge2019April 16 - Favorite Charlie Chaplin movieChaplin (1992)This is the movie that was my… 
If this was done in Israel, thousands would be murdered in retribution, sympathetic movies… 
The Expendables franchise are man movies. I’ve never met a woman interested in those. 
Yes because men enjoying something to the fullest extent is the worst. Women don't get super excited… 
Loved Hero... one of my favorite later Jet Li movies. If this half as artistic as that, it’s a can’t miss. 
Because most of the movies are the same mush retained recycled and served like filet mignon. 
My pssy rate didn't go up after I got shot ..... Like they say it do in the movies  
Tony Shows Off His Upgraded Armor In New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot - 
||: Judged for being ugly I wonder Wow people never learned anything from these movies how horribly they are.… 
That’s a good question, but I love these movies  
"Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations" by BARRY JENKINS via NYT The New York… 
Side no… 
Has to be one of the best and funniest movies I've ever watched, more than 10 times I should add. 
New to Hulu in May 2019: All the Movies and Shows Coming and Going 
New to Hulu in May 2019: All the Movies and Shows Coming and Going New to Hulu in May 201… 
I dont usually get emotional over movies, but this guy literally just showed his love for… 
Should’ve brought my laptop to my plasma donation. Can’t watch movies and tweet at the same time. 
Hey are cargo pants and super hero movies worth this snarky comment? It’s sad when you put down people. 
From NY Times: "Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations" 
‘Tales of the City’: Netflix Unveils Trailer &amp; Premiere Date For Limited Series Based On Armistead Maupin Books -… 
Forgive me but you take psychotic looks and ugliness to entirely new depths. BTW: The Coen Brothers ma… 
We can’t call movies chick flicks anymore? Hmmm..... maybe we can call them: “the pretend world of movies offends… 
Breaking video news: Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations" via NYT #movies #films 
Emilia Clarke — Movies to watch after "Game of Thrones" Season 8 
7. Favourite MovieI don't know since I don't watch movies anymore...Maybe Winnie the pooh since I can binge wat… 
Due to my love for huskies, Balto is one of my favorite movies now. 
So many people triggered... look up on YouTube how to fix dceu, I found a couple videos where they c… 
Dawg..look like a big ass tree stump...from dem harry potter movies...lol.... 
okka pawan kalyan ke dammundi but he will not do movies now 
Good morning everyoneI love when we talk scary movies.I'm waiting for my girl Ava we're going… 
At The Movies Casting Call!  - 
 and "Trolls" on Tour! Here's a First Look at the Upcoming Interactive Musical Show 
In the old days we learned never fire till you see the whites of their eyes. Of course this was on all the… 
"Claire Denis Talks to Barry Jenkins About Director Anxiety and Expectations" by BARRY JENKINS via NYT 
That is one of his businesses. He builds technology (beme), he builds bu… 
I love to eat so Ya and movies #GalaxyS10 
it depends on what’s available with audio description. Most… 
"This baby has smart functionality and delivers all your favorite content with over 500, 000 movies and TV episodes… 
Heard lots of stories of #TCMFF ers missing their pets while at the festival. Warms the heart. I was one of them. I… 
Not. My man is in total denial. He loves Trump and supports him fully but “[they] woul… 
Try Podcasters Assemble if you like Marvel 
Taping Thursday 
Movies and criss crossing the country #GalaxyS10 
I love to spend money on data and movies #GalaxyS10 
The newest type of televisions being sold is 3D TVs. This type of television allows you to display 3D content and c… 
This is such a fun movie. It's definitely not one of the best MCU movies. But it is always entertai… 
Chick Flicks are exactly what most of your Netflix movies are.  Now that the Barry and Moochelle sit o… 
You making money movies 
Here’s to many more years and movies!  
Muzi AL concerts movies wow that I can pay #GalaxyS10 
If we stop saying chick flick then I’ll have to stop calling movies dick flicks, I absolutely refuse this reality. 
Not forgetting movies and parties #GalaxyS10 
I use to watch Rodan movies lol 
Hitchcock said, ""33% of the effect of PSYCHO was due to the music," which was scored on a low budget by Bernard He… 
Find out what has to say about her newest project, which opens this Friday at… 
Things movies always get wrong about being a mom #moms #motherhood #hollywood #movies 
I swear they had a movie where there was a treatment center that did weird shit to water making Peaple act weird n… 
Shows movies and fitness #GalaxyS10 
Uh, The best part about Jason was his obsession with Marvel, Star Wars, Star Trek And Stargate. He opened my eyes t… 
Finally a chance to use a line from one of my fave movies ever, The Rock...to tell 
Spend money on movies and catching up #GalaxyS10 
Yeah, like that guy #TuckerCarlson what a prick! He was on a talk show laughing at how “pot heads were all couchies… 
Movies and drama shows #GalaxyS10 
so many movies that i want to watch but my pockets are dry 
Chucky is one of my first horror movies memories.I'm happy to see an remake with one of my favorite actors of all… 
Yes,the kinds of man who loves games,movies and all that related to super heroes because people like… 
Deadpool 3 Idea: Deadpools infinity war. Show how Deadpool has been in all the Avenger movies but… 
now do "teen dramas," "black entertainment," "children and family," "british humor," "GUY MOVIES," "lgbtq," ... 
Converts and new movies #GalaxyS10 
Omg, guys l I'll ke them too, yes, but its targeted towards women. war movies toward men. It's pretty obvious as to why 
I drive a truck, drink whiskey and beer, own and know how to operate many different weapons, I fish… 
Pleasure of seing movies and watching rugby #GalaxyS10 
Just eating takes myoney and movies #GalaxyS10 
I enjoy the moments of eating and movies #GalaxyS10 
After years of being called to task for sidelining female filmmakers, studios as a whole continue to rely overwhelm… 
Celebrating Girlhood: Rise of the Black Girl Teens In Hollywood - Blackfilm - Black Movies, Television, and Theatre… 
This is probably one of the best tribute to the old movies promo I have ever seen ienjoyed it’s lot and there are “… 
Swimming and catching new movies #GalaxyS10 
Pleasure on movies and pool #GalaxyS10 
Eat outs and movies yes #GalaxyS10 
Movies takes my money #GalaxyS10 
I've never seen any of the star wars movies. Ever. 
I love movies #GalaxyS10 
Movies and beer yes #GalaxyS10 
I love entertaining my self movies and #GalaxyS10 
Up until the 1:50 mark, this one is all stuff from other movies. But very effective at increasing the heart rate. 
Great movies make cry   
#AvengersEndgame's Final Battle Said To Be Just As Massive As You'd Expect - 
Shut up and sit down, do what you're paid to do, release streaming movies, shows and documentaries.YO… 
I’ve seen pretty much all of the movies. All of them. I haven’t watched a reali… 
Yep, I pull a lot of new (to me) music from TV &amp; movies I see. Some shows are amazing for that - #Chuck was one.I… 
I cant pull up to a concert solo lmao I will go to the movies by myself though 
 ajpunk: Rébecca’s favorite movies (3/?) - The Lion King (1994) “The great kings of the past look down... 
Miss something important? These movies are filled with just mindless action and quips 
This is why I cancelled my ... how about you just provide movies for people to watch and let us decide… 
It freaks me out how some movies can predict the future.#BeforeSunset #NotreDame 
If you like animated movies, try Your Name. I’ve never cried so hard over a movie in my life. 
Officially 23!... But no plans at all. Spending my day at home doing nothing but watch movies..#23 #birthdaygirl 
Ive actually never really ben a fan of 3D movies hey...id rather just watch 2D and save myself the stress tbh....Br… 
Right... and like.... has she seen the people we get to star in our comicbook movies? I mean. 
Absolutely.It’s the entire reason for superhero comic books/movies.Be the alpha, even if for a moment. 
Y Showrunners Michael Inexperienced and Aïda Croal Half Methods with FX 
It really is a gold mine. The entire series is on Hulu right now. I think some of the movies are o… 
I get excited like this for horror movies and doctor who. So I get this. People can fuck right off. Fucking miserab… 
Tom Savini has directed a Joe Hill adaptation for Shudder's Creepshow via 
Check out the latest Valero Verdict where they tackle the Worst movies of 2019 so far. 
You can do both. Watch entertaining movies and be a millionaire. The two are not exclusive, bruv 
Why is there so much hatred for Solo? "That Star Wars movie nobody asked for that spelled out a backstory nobody ne… 
Good movies? 
Dont understand why its so hard to find someone to text me, get food, and come cuddle and watch movies when needed 
"My son's been watching Disney movies and cartoons since he was a baby. Are your kids Disney fans too? Get our must… 
“When I was finally allowed to go to the cinema […] it was magic to me. If you knew what the London suburbs were li… 
These movies are still happening I guess! 
I’m pretty sure I saw Spaceballs before I watched any of the Star Wars movies. (I saw them for the… 
Thor: The Dark World: Worst Thor, but only a step down from the first (both paling in comparison with Ragnarok). I… 
Marvel's The Avengers: Felt like I was in the theater again. So many beats were so classic they felt stale (not the… 
I cannot tell you how much I love Nick cage and the national treasure movies. 
Oh, man! Let me know if you need me to bring more movies! We probably have the entire Disney library (minus the newer ones...) 
Have you heard ‘Romance in Movies’ by Love It Or Hate It on #SoundCloud? #np 
     Well see there- proving the adage that all movies have an audience.You go… 
Morning all.. i slept a bit later tgsn id like.. might go to the movies 
Traveled home and went to Whole Foods all while wearing my Chattanooga Film Fest t-shirt and telling… 
Back in college in the '90s, I worked at the radio station there. It was an amazing experience, but I… 
10 Movies That Changed How Stories Are Told In Cinema 
 HIGH NOON (1952) d. Fred Zinnemann; starring Gary Cooper, Grace Kelly, Thomas Mitchell and Lloyd Bridges .… 
What’s ironic is these people who rant about needing solo movies before Justice League advocating for DC… 
Harmonies and lyrics. The Drifters - Kissin' In The Back Row Of The Movies. via 
NO DUDE!! I'd have to get a copy of it!!I'd been dealing with a VERY BAD APARTMENT FLOOD recently!!… 
guys and girls can hangout and not be a thing guys and girls can go eat and not be a thing guys and girls can go… 
Will wanted to cuddle last night and watch movies, we laid on the couch and did just that. Next thing I know it’s 8… 
Genius edit these movies were great 
It's mostly BS around bollywood movies that is called culture. 
Bull crap men watch” war movies “ or “car movie “ or “ Syfy” or “ anime “ .. blahaha Netflix sounds “B… 
Save your #money Watch the original #Hellboy movies 
I'm a good place right now. Not emotionally, I'm in my bed watching movies. 
At the movies 
I didn’t know you were a Keanu fan Donna. I had a friend that worked in the movie industr… 
#AvengersEndgame Directors Say The Film Is An Epic Final Chapter - 
I asked about what you see. But yeah, it's weird that guy sees exploit… 
Watching Lake Michigan is beautiful..watching wwe &amp; movies are awesome..but unless You have someone there You can l… 
Most of the content are frames from old movies or repeated scenes throughout trailers 
Michelle Yeoh joins the 'Avatar' 
I can’t watch movies. Two hours? No episode break? I’m gonna fall asleep. 
One of my favorite characters ever from the movies.  
I be slacking on the movies. 
I think it's mostly just for future proofing. Just because it can output 8k doesn… 
Mark Hamill Debuts Chucky’s New Look In ‘Child’s Play’ Reboot - OrionRemember Chucky? He’s back, in reboot form.… 
New #AvengersEndgame Trailer Reflects On A Decade Of Superhero Cinema - 
My podcast quietly hit 1 million downloads recently, and I think that's pretty cool. It's not about t… 
#Movie "Step-by-Step Bellydance" (2010) 
Nachos is trash!!!!!!!!!!!! who tf really buys that stuff at the movies 
Celebrating the Notre-Dame de Paris Cathedral in film 
This from a corp that  sells us  false flag nature programs, happy Marxist movies and racial divide in every progra… 
Incredible hype video for 'Avengers: Endgame' looking back on all of the movies will have you ready to run through… 
Explore Seville’s most impressive cathedral, Plaza de Espana built in 1928. It’s been featured as a backdrop for se… 
I was looking at a top 25 list on here the other day and realized there are a lot more go… 
Just a few miles south of Santa Fe, Bonanza Creek Ranch is where the Old West comes alive! Look familiar? That’s be… 
Fine by us! 
It made me think that all super hero movies should be animations instead of live action. The genre work… 
Bellatrix Lestrange from Harry Potter movies 
Looks like just chill and watch movies all day!  
An Insane Mike Minute 054: Even though he can't count, lists his top 10 favorite ghost movies! #AotKP… 
The movies are nice but the original programming are the attraction. 
- shut up! Keep it up I’ll cancel your service in a heart beat. We don’t need your Social… 
I'd imagine they'd do another phase collection. I have the SHIELD briefcase and the Infinity gem. A gaun… 
An American biographical drama starring about Judy Wood, an immigration attorney who changed the law… 
Good morning Twitter gas’s what I woke up with a power ranger up ass lol I watched to many bad boys movies #...  
Hahaha  ngathi they are advertising James Bond movies lol 
Watch "Molly's Game" and next time you see a preachy Hollywood P.C. phony think about it.  via 
Marvel Fans Fleeing Social Media After Huge #AvengersEndgame Leak - 
Best Movies and TV Shows for *Game of Thrones* Fans Game of Thrones season eight just premi… 
Don’t believe the movies. A will is a legal document, not a note on a napkin. Go see a financial adviser about gett… 
One of the first horror movies I saw. Hooked for life. 
It doesn't to me.But then I'm not fucking stupid… 
One of the best movies ever made. now watching : #NowYouSeeMe 
I don’t give a fuck about nepotism.. It’s about who u like or don’t like... Sara India… 
I don’t think it needs to be that blatant, but movies and TV shows have been doing that for sometime.… 
trailers from the movies “Greta”, “After” and “Five Feet Apart”  
CINEMA: Filmmaker Banned in His Own Country, Design with a Purpose, and Can a Mixtape Save the World?… 
So? They haven’t made any decent movies in 20 years 
Geez... somebody needs to duct tape her mouth, put a veil over head, put concrete shoes on her feet and toss her of… 
I REALLY want to do the helicopter tour but I might just do the movies tour where they take you ar… 
Updateable to you but I love Star Wars and Superhero movies just as passionately. People who love th… 
Jack Skellington &amp; Sally Portrait of Love 3-Piece Bedding Set in White 
I do not agree with StClair's point of view. I think the way she went about it is deeply disrespectful to a large a… 
Target audience = woman.. makes it a chick flickWomen are a huge demographic, and movies that cater t… 
Even if there was a bit more, I highly doubt Rowling had too terribly much fleshed out. She… 
me and lane watched wolf of wall street over the weekend which is one of my favorite movies and he didn’t like it.... i can’t 
Today is #NationalHealthcareDecisionsDay As an oncologist I have two things to say:1) always consider tradeoffs b… 
Romance isn't just for women! When Harry Met Sally is just a great movie period. The Big Sick is just amazing. Movi… 
I feel I’m too old for Edgar Wright movies...but .... 
Quick pls does anyone know any sites where I can hate watch some movies pls pls 
I’ve watched way too many lifetime/hallmark movies  
Always love the paintings and illustrations that appear behind the credits in old movies. This one is from GUILTY H… 
his other movies r not as gory as green inferno. 
See It Soon! Five Must-See Films For Spring &amp; Summer 2019 #News #Movies #stupidDOPE 
That’s like watching the original Star Wars trilogy, and taking the part about the bl… 
First Full Look At Chucky From The New #ChildsPlay Revealed - 
Cheeky emotions will get ya in a uniform &amp; then?all these all think… 
Will Michael be the next Superman? 
Grab Your Popcorn, Broomfield! The Summer Blockbuster Season Is Coming.  Here's some of the movies to get excited a… 
Y’all should have just let the original movies be 
Usually I avoid modern horror movies because they have the tendency to suck but the new Child’s Play is gonna have… 
90210 and the X-Men movies have a kid and they beat it and you get: The Gifted. 
Review by Finn  does anyone enjoy making movies as much as agnès varda does?Liked 47 likes 
Your parents should be ashamed, not only in your taste of movies, but to know you're online disresp… 
Don’t you remember how violent those Cheech and Chong movies were? 
 Why aren’t more superhero movies like this?? 
My mother has been scouring our TV's streaming services during #HolyWeek to watch all the #Jesus  movies she can find. #ayecarambamama 
I don’t mind chick flicks.  But why don’t we call action movies dick flicks ? Lol 
Someone’s watched too many movies. 
Top 10 Awesome Concepts Wasted On Mediocre Movies #horror: Here are some of the worst movies ever created with tota… 
There’s no one quite like Steve. See #DisneynaturePenguins, opening April 17. get tickets: 
My birthday is April 21st.I will be off from work for 5days. I will dedicate my time re watching all the marvel m… 
it's so crazy that movies really be happening in our sleep 
Im making dinner and watching movies on my couch with turtle  
Why is there ppl at the movies in the middle of the day?!  I needed this to myself lol 
'Star Wars' Movies Might Be Heading To The Old Republic #laugh #humor 
 same shit different day! LMAO apparently I need to watch more movies!! 
Movies that premiered on  April 16:Bulletproof Monk (2003) Kill Bill: Vol. 2 (2004) The Mummy (1999) 
Seems like to me  has a problem with gearing movies towards women only.  They also see… 
I imagined this beginning wi… 
Hey I think the "Here come the Fuzz" was a Flip Wilson saying and there are at least 2 other Pokeman f… 
What if you could own a Bentley and watch all those movies... 
I am leaving because they hardly have any movies, series etc. I will su… 
You are one talented actor. Been watching movies you starred in in netflix several times. 
I've said before my brain is (evidently) weird in that I don't dream abt anything I think abt constantly.So it ma… 
I’ve seen anime box sets be released new for 50 or 60 and most times that’s HAL… 
Mna I remember this one, I must have spent 100's of hours playing the game &amp; have seen the mo… 
Go behind the scenes of the terrifying #PetSematary with the directors, Kevin Kolsch and Dennis Widmyer.… 
WORKSHOP/CLASS: Michael Play Wright is teaching a screenwriting class at Central Center in Centennial Park.Find o… 
In case you missed it a few months ago. 
you must watch Empire the series starring Terrence Howard. Value for money. This ancient European warrior movies r obsolete 
ah okyou can never really be sure lmao 
Aaaah this cast!!! 
Is this some form of joke or is Netflix seriously trying to sink their company with this bullshit SJW… 
All Ben Stiller / Adam Sandler movies  
I really don't understand what she's trying to accomplish here, Next thing… 
OK, Twitter, thanks for not unfollowing me while I ranted about B action movies last night. Back to work today! 
Or maybe it's because some men don't like some lovey dopey mushy movie? I love those lovey dovy movies… 
No one cares that you hate, cargo shorts or superhero movies or video games! We are what we are,get over it! 
Finally got back into reading after so long  And guess what I’m reading? The Help by #KathrynStockett I’ve hea… 
Like.... why have I watched all these movies about "Strong Women" (TM) with magical powers but ha… 
I like Chick Flicks.Not a fan of dude movies though 
I am a chick, just not a “Spring Chick.”  Netflix get real.  You’ll never find a better name for Romantic Movies! 
Yeah, that's a start. Also really appreciate the recent Tomb Raider and similar action movies tha… 
Of homework, reading, watching movies and daydreaming.For me, and so many others, all roads led to Paris, not Rome… 
I like the talk show appearances better than most movies/TV. 
You shut your whore mouth. The Resi movies are works of art. 
I've found that as I've gotten older I still have the same taste in movies somewhat. However, I am slowly starting… 
I WISH my kids were as obsessed with Halloween as I am...but no. It’s Christmas music and movies  
Those include both Guardian of the galaxy movies, both Ant man movies, Doctor strange. Along with rewatching captai… 
My students asked me yesterday if my friends get annoyed watching movies with me bc I complain about historical acc… 
I either don’t remember watching or never watched the first 2 movies so I just did that... my day off… 
I was just thinking, Bollywood film viewers must be insurmountably patient to not only sit through 3 hour long movi… 
We should stop calling the "comic book movies" the term Graphic Novel film is much better. 
I boycotted pedowood long ago.  Don’t miss their crappy movies and tv shows.... 
Unless it's the drive-in with my kids, I only go to movies by myself. It's supreme. 
I can't bring myself to watch any of his movies anymore (sad because he is a fine actor).… 
Alright, everyone. We are in the endgame now. As in Endgame premieres in a little over a week and there are already… 
I’m so excited to go to the movies  
Hundreds of men frothing at the mouth on the internet about women an POC in the new movies and the “SJW agenda” tak… 
The Batman will have at least four villains. #TercaDetremuraSDV 
No, that makes him sound normal! My husband will watch a few chick flicks with me and I will watch a… 
I’ve got our tickets for #AvengersEndgame. To some they’re just movies, but to have followed these actors and their… 
might have made one of the dumbest tweets ever. The Stars Wars and Marvel movies are pretty good but… 
He should’ve stuck with movies. 
The Batman will have at least four villains. 
Let it cool off this time. Thats like saying one bad movie ruined all movies. Pizza is a gift from the Gods. 
#Aquaman analysis - the introduction of Arthur's musical theme and his connection with sea life. Young Arthur in th… 
I can’t watch scary movies cause even at 23 I still have nightmares  
Movies/series and songs are two different things first of all. But okay. The reason why the… 
Khadija is Full hse treatment shower movies popers naughty no limit 
Never occurred to me that pigeon cages on the roofs of NYC buildings in movies was something weird until… 
I want to lay in bed and watch cheesy slasher movies and eat Chinese food.  
I love seeing movies by myself. There’s no one to shame me for my nachos, Reese’s Pieces and Diet Coke! 
So this weekend I am gonna binge on disgusting movies. Borat, Bruno, any other suggestions tweeps ? 
Fairy tales and movies?? How the hell is that even significant?? People pray five times a day in the Masjid and tha… 
11. An idea of a perfect date would be a afternoon on the beach watching the sunset then going home and just watching movies 
I've only seen two of the movies on the list for 2018 - Hearts Beat Loud and Searching. Both really very good. 
Disney+ will be available on November 12th for $6.99 a month  vía 
If those movies didn’t have the Star Wars name attached to them they would have seen less revenue than John Carter. 
Some of the nicest people I know love to watch super hero movies and Star Wars. You mocking someone for their passi… 
You have enough garbage movies. Don't add to it. 
In all seriousness, pictures cannot be "enhanced" to the point you see in movies and TV unfortunately… 
I don't typically go for era type movies. That's my daughter's thing. Love fantastical creatures t… 
Go around the countries and go to the movies showing in some countries like 'O Canada in Canada or Impre… 
Appreciated this take from Disc Sales Collapse Nearly 50% over 4 Years (Because Movies Suck)… 
Or, hear me out, because the original movies are coherent. What’s Doug? 
No I see exactly what you're talking about, but, you see people loose it over any other production… 
I got cranky and said a thing about how people should try liking the non-fascists in Star Wars ~5 comments deep int… 
SSSTECH FOR SERVICE EXCELLENCE AND SOUND ADVISE OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK 24/7 REMOTE SUPPORT BACKUP SALES REPAIRS UPGRADE… 
Commenting on superhero movies fandoms is our era’s “airplane food amirite?” ... 
#Movie "Big Moments from Little Pictures" (1924) 
10 Movies Every Social Media Manager Should Watch // Social Media Perth 
Its not movies dude its Investigation Discovery Channel 
Stop calling yourself NETflix unless all your movies are about nets.   See how that works?  Kinda dumb isn’t it.  
just watched "Fallen." Will they be turning the other books in the series to movies? 
We figured they did. 
Star Wars franchise needs to learn from the MCU boys. Didn’t like the last few movies at all. 
"Ad:" Pure Terror: 50 Movies DVD  FlyingTreasures 
Australia really does get the short end of the stick when it comes to Godzilla content here the movies in their ori… 
It would be great if there's a law allowing killing people who posts spoilers.#SPOILER #truefacts #movies #Cinema #series 
People go to the movies to escape and be entertained. Not have preached to about how we should thi… 
Girls don’t ping boys underwear, tell their friends what their boyfriends didn’t do, call… 
That was one of the first movies I really liked but only watched onceThat was right around the time I… 
Saw Zootopia for the first time. It’s ironic that this Disney animated film that deals with sexism and racism came… 
They’ve seen it in the movies mos lolololo 
You wanna go to the movies  
Next on my list. I like fun movies, not so dark so I look forward to it. must love your accent!  
Movies That You Can Watch In 4K On Cinema Network via 
If you haven't seen either of these movies, you need to. 
Yall wanna know something creepy. Me being as morbid as I am, last night I was watching "the most cursed movies of… 
Wow, she seems a bit overly critical. How dare you like pants and movies.... I guess? Is… 
Jay And Silent Bob Reboot has wrapped! is looking to hit the runtime of Jay And Silent Bob Strike B… 
Some of my favourite movies ended up being ones that were just sort of 'on' in the background when I w… 
I wouldn’t date someone who’s going to cry in my popcorn at movie theatre.  Movies are expensive! 
Top 10 Movie Devils You MUST See Again! #horror: I enjoy watching exciting movie villains, and my favorites are the… 
Sunil is back again to do comedian roles in the movies. Recently he was seen in Chitralahari  movie and has been ap… 
Of self and selfies  
Only in Movies and the Sovereignty of God 
So tell me, Milla... what's the one common factor in all those movies?It's YOU, isn't it. 
You can’t fool your audience.   Lol. You are whT you spend your most time doing? Watching movies.  Go be an actor.… 
I have everything plus movies for $0 per month! 
Anyone else in a movie mood? Got shows to watch but I just want to watch movies 
"The Wife" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Why don’t you focus on getting more good movies back, and less on giving me your opinion 
Visit to watch Zollywood movies 
I should also be able to get two movies in on Saturday, because I don't have anything going on. 
3. Movies from as little as R32! #Staycation #MultiplyYourLife 
New Movie AlertMary Poppins returns decades after her original visit. The magical nanny returns to help the Banks… 
The woman who changed the law for immigrants who seek asylum in the United States forever. #SaintJudyMovieIn cine… 
It's Nigerian Movies 
I will only go see movies by myself 90% of the time. It’s wonderful. 
"Obsession." I get the feeling you're confusing it with "passion", and there's nothing wrong with th… 
When Iron Man came to India. Well, almost 
False. The Turner networks did a whole promo campaign called “Movies for guys who like movies.” 
do you watch horror movies? — Yes! 
I listen to albums that have helped me through it before. I workout(even tho I don't want to). I drin… 
More and more Bernie Sanders reminds me of Wesley Mouch from the Atlas Shrugged movies. He eventually… 
Dance your way to the cinemas this FRIDAY to watch #LittleMovie. Get your tickets here 
Speaking as someone who likes the new Jurassic World movies, nothing you said is untrue. Especially #2. 
Working overtime. Going to the gym at 7 until 8:30. I think it will be a bit late for the movies then 
I gave my sister my card for movies on Saturday, she hasn't given it back yet. Ong tshwere matsogo 
The original is my favorite horror movie, so that's my choice.I did enjoy Rob Zombies version as well… 
It’s Star Wars for me but running in second place is Back to the Future. Oh, and the new Star Trek m… 
Captain America: Civil War - Easily one of the best MCU films. A very solid script helps to evoke more emotion and… 
Mill Creek Exploitation Movie Explosion: Andy Sidaris and Blaxploitation! -  #exploitation… 
Check out this product at JB Hi-Fi  #JBHiFi 
I have watched so many of your movies but you know that 2003 Gothika movie intrigues me even more not s… 
hi friends, if you want to Stream the Best Movies and Shows Now? Just you follow this 
John Legend locked Chrissy Tiegen out of their Game of Thrones viewing party because she was talking too much...who… 
Who wants a movie night? #netflix #feet #foot #worship #fetish #bdsm #goddess #footfetish #footworship #heels #tv… 
Nolte: Disc Sales Collapse Nearly 50% over 4 Years (Because Movies Suck) 
Dish Network Subscriber Referral Coupon Codes | 12 Free PayPerView Movies. | Dish Network Subscriber Referral Coupo… 
Only when you stop calling an “action film” or a “sci-fi” film what it is! An action film an a sci-fi… 
I dont understand this defense mechanism nigerians always employ where they leave the issue raised and sta… 
I wouldn't say dead inside, more like most people who kinda get jaded from movie sequel… 
I still remember when someone said Mbc Action, Mbc 2 &amp; Mbc max are better than M-Net Action + HD, M movies premiere… 
Both have terrible 3rd movies 
I predict a possible problem with the end of the Star Wars series will be a misguided tendency… 
His reaction is genuine and really shows his passion for the franchise and characters. It connected wi… 
Well "who are you to say no" to Disney movies. 
Watch Free Movies. #FREETV.  Top pick channels &amp; apps.      #watchfree #cordcutters. 
‘Pavarotti’ Trailer: Famed Tenor Luciano Pavarotti Struggles With Doubt In The Ron Howard Doc -… 
Disney's Live Action 'The Little Mermaid' to begin production in Spring of 2020. #Movies #TV 
    The accuracy here. My uncle used to throw 10 peanuts while watching movies with 12 ppl and we would fight f… 
This #retro "Star Wars" toy is selling for $365,000 — plus tax 
Ok, I give up. I think I may have crossed over the boundary between nerd &amp; obsessed. I have seen every one of thes… 
Why go there? Haven’t they seen the Planet of the Apes movies?  They never end well for humans. 
- Daryl, Carol, Maggie &amp; Michonne in TWD10 + Alicia, Morgan &amp; Dwight FTWD5- Daryl, Carol, Maggie, Alicia, Morgan… 
Stream your all-time favourite movies with MConnekt’s superfast uncapped unshaped fibre connektivity. 
I'm guessing u don't enjoy watching TV, movies, listening 2 the radio, reco… 
Net-flix are ruining our genders and this is another example because the chick-flick is only for the chic!! My moth… 
I call stereotypically make movies "dick flicks" so there's that.  
And I generally love those stupid movies like I even cry but that one was rubbish 
Family Movies for Earth Day and Every Day: Earth911 | More w/ Eco-Search: 
I see all the jobs and good movies on the internet.… 
Def one of my favorite movies of all time! 
I so wished for this to be good 
idk what's up maybe this house is legit haunted or maybe my brain's just worse in general but i have been in high p… 
Tales of the City Lands Premiere Date at Netflix — Watch a Heart-Stirring Teaser - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Best Movies Of 2018 | Our Guide To The Top Must-See Titles Of The Year 
Can we stop calling made for Netflix movies “films” 
You didnt think about it because this is retarded. And in the past hardcore action fil… 
Science Channel Greenlights ‘Legends Of The Deep’ Series From Céline &amp; Fabien Cousteau - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Cannes: Cirro Guerra To Lead Critics’ Week Jury; John Waters To Be Feted At Locarno — Global Briefs -… 
The books are better that the series, if you enjoy reading like I do, you will like the books, beats… 
May be she liked Azam khan's views about Women which apparently resembles with her… 
Replicas BLU RAY REVIEW + Unboxing #BluRay #DVD #4K #Lionsgate #Movies #Movie #TheMatrix #Matrix 
How Parks and Recreation Reinvented Itself and Found Mike Schur's Sitcom Sweet Spot - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
"A writing teacher once told me the most successful movies and books were simple plots about complex characters. Yo… 
Today = 17 hour flight: Knocked back some scotch, caught up on some movies and finished reading this book (no sleep… 
#Movie "365 Boots on Ground" (2005) 
This is already being compared to Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy. High Praise indeed. #amwriting #scif… 
Lmao the problem here is they feel like they paying for a family of 6 with your phone and mac book connecti… 
I love the way English is spoken in the pirates of the Caribbean movies   
This Easter, we have a dynamic lineup of movies, shows and specials that will strengthen your faith while you conti… 
I truly enjoy original Disney channel movies 
Hahhah you should...i love those movies 
It's literally the only reason I have HBONow... All of the other shows and movies are just an added perk… 
What if I'm not a chick but I love those movies? Sorry I'm with 
Cont.This series had so much potential but it was wasted on dumb material. Like i don’t even claim it as being pa… 
2016 Full Length Movies - Chiru Entrance in Supreme Movie - Telugu Movies 2016 Full Length Movies… 
Lol African movies ain’t got time to play  #GameOfThrones#GoT 
Two movies?  Gone with the wind 
One of my favorite movies is Fright Night 1985. I recently read an article that said that the vampire Jerry present… 
Got new movies  
and family-friendly movies  from Twentieth Century Fox, like  The  Princess Bride.Disney+ will cost  $6.99 per mont… 
Binge eat horrible food, binge watch trashy/ embarrassing shows/movies, wear clothes I wouldn't be… 
My love for horror movies is inexplainable. I worry when I haven’t seen one horror movie a week 
Ted Turner: The Maverick Mogul Reflects on His Legacy, Big Deals and Old Feuds - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
It's all over the movies and TV too. 
True to The Game &amp; Deuces . They both are movies but so good ! 
i want more horror movies where no one dies bc everyone is smart af and works together to beat the big bad tbh 
Have you seen their game of Thrones?  I'm done with Nigerian movies ah 
Do you prefer watching movies at the cinema or at home? — I prefer watching it ü 
#Tamil Weekend Entertainment – Watch #Thadam, #Boomerang, and #Nedunalvaadai on #YuppFlix 
Hay self, why do you always like to watch heartbreaking movies. Oh how annoying! Tapos teary eyed sa office. Daw gaga gid hahahahaha 
Ithola kalaphi le liver i mean i want one, I wish i could see these movies though just to see how… 
Am I the only one that finds memes from movies more interesting than the actual movies, more often than not?  
I’ve never understood people excluding movies based on setting or genre. If it’s good, I’… 
Hi Cher, Trust yourself. You have a good heart. Thanks for all the music, movies, and the Sonny and Cher sh… 
couple choice bruce lee movies too 
You should try putting it in the simba popcorn when you go to the movies.  Much better b… 
I just said it would. :)I've read (and watched) dystopian book… 
What? I really didn't expect Critters to rank where it is. Anyway... That's my pick. Dig those movies. 
Took 4 teenagers to the movies  
#Movie "The New Normal" (2010) 
Did you miss the Sunday Night movie? You can still watch it online. 
It's okay as a holiday destination. Kind of sucks as a place to live. the internet is s… 
Very bad decisions and no sense of humour and stopping me from watching Cartoons and Animated Movies #iLoveCartoons 
With no cable or satellite growing up on the Navajo Rez. Comics were my only entertainment - they so… 
There are tons of non original shows they have I adore, and some they have picked up like Lucifer.… 
I'm not a massive SW fan. I like the movies well enough (I've seen the first 2 trilogies and 7), but… 
catching up on some movies  
Giveaway - Trivial Pursuit Harry Potter Ultimate Edition Trivia Game | Harry Potter Licensed Merchandise | 1800 Que… 
It's not about them being white, don't be silly but they're in some of the best movies 
You're right, Russo brothers. Thematically, your movies are the ones that connect to each other: Winter Soldier, Ci… 
I kid you not, I feel like they will drain all my time, I prefer movies I spend 2 hours then done. Ser… 
Vintage 16mm Film Mouse Movies a Terry Toons Cartoon by Castle Films, Black and White Silent Film Collectible Anima… 
It it weird that i want to spend my weekend watching Barbie movies. 
I have the full series and the movies on DVD and Wallace and Grommet as well  
How are fighting movies, boxing in particular, so good? There's so much story, action, romance (if you watch any of… 
Relatively few movies I have strong feelings about came out the year I was born. 
rewatching marvel movies before the end game 
U watch too much movies... American pie to be precise 
Bakit ang bagal ng net namin?  I can't watch movies on netflix  
Y'all mother fuckers clearly never watched any robot movies . 
‘I don’t want you’ or ‘I’m done’ in his vocabulary when it comes to me. Because not having me is like not having ai… 
Lost interest in it after the last movie. Action wise it was cool but the story is bor… 
It is ironic that people who love Super Heroes so much get so pissed when you tell them their fantas… 
Bear Grylls Reviews Survival Movies | Vanity Fair via 
Taken..Titanic and all pirates of the carribean movies 
People piss me off in zombie movies/shows. Like they make things so complicated on themselves. Everyone knows it’s… 
They have new ideas, that is why you get a new animated movie and multiple live action movies from Disney per year 
I like chick flicks, I like , I love movies and I despise the PC silliness y… 
Pick the Lastest Blu-rays | #BombayElectronics Brings you Blu-Ray Players Under $150#blurays #bluray… 
Love only exists in Disney movies 
Also if you believe that Disney isnt pushing their SJW agenda through their movies, se… 
hbo is where woody allen movies go to die. 
Do henchmen in these Movies get paid well? Or they get promised alotta money? Cause theres always so many henchmen… 
#AvengersEndgameleak why do people like to ruin movies 
But regardless she’s not a Disney princess. Disney didn’t come up with her character and she’s n… 
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina Season 2 Episode 3 Recap - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Cancel your dstv. Spend that money on getting better WiFi. Go to makro/takealot and buy a tv box and stream unlimit… 
Titanic remains one of the biggest movies to ever be made, but it’s based on true events That ain’t an excuse  
#Movie "What a Cartoon!: Podunk Possum in "One Step Beyond"" (1996) 
I remember people (in movies) during WW2 dancing and partying. I thought then, how can they do this in war time. Bu… 
I love cartoons and animation movies. I will never stop loving them. Stop segregating!!! 
You see I love love old classics and breakfast club is a classic. All movies before 1980 are my fav… 
Trash movies at the cinema this week   
I see that you are constantly being mislabeled as a racist and I thought we could get married and show… 
Us chilling at home watching movies and eating everything and anything. 
My wife and I buy our movies off Amazon. Can you please help get Dogma available to buy on digital?… 
Have you watched the breakfast club? Was also one of those movies I had like 15 times start to it b… 
I wanna go back to 2007 where watching new movies in DVDs was so fun 
I watched The first. And it's good good good. Yet to watch the sequel. It's on my list for this week's movies. 
Please Disney.... give us new original movies... no more remakes of classic movies... don’t beat a dead horse... please 
It's about and Angel who falls in love with a human and falls from a bridge to be with her...to become human...it's… 
-thinks of all the dramatic movies where the protagonist has to escape some insurmountable obstacle and evade detec… 
Go borrow movies from dstv Lokshin Bioskop 
Whytf does my streaming service have the 2nd and 3rd Lord of the Rings movies, but not Fellowship?This is some bullshit 
I need someone who’s willing to binge all the Harry Potter movies w me 
Looks like their party is over.  They politicized themselves and nobody wants to watch their crap but… 
Amazing - many shows and movies I've yet to see! 
It takes a certain level of intellect to understand Batman movies. There's more talking than action here. 
"The LEGO Movie 2: The Second Part" and 5 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
it's genuinely a fun movie, and I hope DC follows its success with other fun movies.I'm tired of… 
I don't think your wife would want to go to the movies with a stranger sir 
watching cliche teen movies cuz I’m freaking sad 
Wats some good movies on Netflix 
How? She would come to my place, we went out for dinner, movies... She once spent a night… 
Simultaneously very excited and also horrified about Beetlejuice the musical. One of my all time favorite movies. A… 
sinister is one of the only movies that's ever scared me and i might rewatch it rn tbh 
the problem is not SABC 1 playing Anoconda again... the problem is relying on SABC 1 for movies  
I know how to play my role but I don’t wanna be in movies this summer 
He slept on the floor and even if he was on the bed with child… 
these two STAY killin black folks in the movies 
Lol! Well I've never read any of the Harry Potter series or watched any of the Twilight movies. GoT is… 
True Detective was great this year.  Watching Barry and last season of Veep now. Then there’s always old movies on TCM. 
Enjoy Sports, news, movies, and shows with Directv best deals. Directv bundles, select $ 35/m, Entertainment $40/m… 
TFW you feel like shit then go to bed then wake up at 2 am and feel worse and then go to Twitter and then find out… 
All the black movies on Netflix are fucking awful. Like damn they suck. 
Nolte: Disc Sales Collapse Nearly 50% over 4 Years (Because Movies Suck): The reason people are no longer purchasin… 
“chick flick” is a popular slang term for certain types of movies and will continue to be used. Not su… 
Loved Glass. One of those movies where I really appreciated the perspective of the characters over my own per… 
#Movie "Terror Inside" (2008) 
No Black Folks in the Series haike am never gonna watch.... Black Fol… 
Rihanna and Donald Glover's on-screen romance premiered at #Coachella Find out where you can stream #GuavaIsland… 
The New York Times Movies, Television"What’s on TV Tuesday: ‘There She Goes’ and ‘Bless This Mess’" by LAUREN MESSM… 
We deserve more Andrew Garfield movies 
It’s one of those movies where you always forget that it actually is that good 
#Mammootty starrer  #Unda poster is here 
.VishalKOfficial confirms #Thupparivaalan2Read more at: 
Four promising new faces in Kollywood! Read more in PICS at: 
The Barbie movies are superior to the Bratz movies. I refuse to let anyone tell me differently 
Enjoy sci-do and fantasy shows and movies 
Ofcoz, y wouldn’t it? The concept of a soulmate n the romentic movies ppl watch fuck u… 
If we're just talking about the movies, nobody even comes close in terms of character depth. 
I always associated theatre with plays and theater with movies 
A lovely way for the whole family to spend Good Friday- watching Peter Rabbit under the stars...for free! 
Making an effort to be choosier in how I spend my time. I spent the majority of my flight reading with a few movies… 
This guy gets emotional over Star Wars and super hero movies, I get emotional over sports, and you h… 
What??? No more calling movies #ChickFlicks. Who is steering the U.S.S. about we call… 
#Hellboy was a fun, dumb movie. Good violence. David Harbour was great. Badly edited and paced, with some questiona… 
List two pet peeves. — 1. Constant negativity (disliking, or being negative about a thing here or there is fine, bu… 
There is absolutely nothing wrong with being passionate about something that you love! Gaming, movies, comics, coll… 
i don't really watch movies i just watch whatever video youtube puts on next 
Meh - the great thing about comic books and comic book movies is you can do whatever t… 
Tamil Super Hit Action Movies | Tamil Full Movie | Latest New Tamil Movie| Tamil New Movie 
Top 10 Best Movies of 2017 
2018 | New Blockbuster Hindi Dubbed Movie | ANU | Latest Hindi DUbbed South Action Movies | Full HD 
NEW ACTION MOVIES 2018 – Man of the Woods 
Back to the Future, in the sense that I like good, perfect movies 
"Ilang movie na natapos mo, Nin?"My boss after seeing me watching GoT and One Day hahahahaha yep we can watch mov… 
Theatre company Outside the March takes its audience to the movies #entertainment 
This wouldn't be nearly so scary if it wasn't in b&amp;w.  I don't know why horror movies are ever made in color, tbh. 
Its decent not like the movies though.It has a Todd and the book of pure evil vibe to it. I guess… 
i want to be the kind of person who watches movies but I'm actually the kind of person that browses netflix for 15… 
Guess that's why Superman writers like Dan Jurgens and Grant Morrison praised Snyder's Superman and h… 
The ones from movies yes.... In real life NOThere was a dead relative who showed up in my dreams ab… 
Sam Raimi, Director of 'The Evil Dead' &amp; the Original 'Spider-Man' Trilogy, to Produce Supernatural-Thriller About… 
How MoviePass Makes (or Doesn't Make) MoneyWith MoviePass, you can see up to three movies in a theater for under… 
Video Game Review: ‘Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice’ - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
That's a wrap! 
You are a truly AWESOME LADY who puts on the best concerts &amp; you made movies that touched everyone’s heart. Y… 
I have an app called showbox it has movies and series but I just download movies. For series I use 
I think it has to do with Anakin because he was the Skywalker in all six of the movies, and he is the… 
First it was that used to show us Apartheid movies when it's closer to Election times and now it's… 
Yeah...let's make a movie that literally continues and concludes episodes 1-8, but let's not use… 
Tomorrow calling the mother fuck doctor because why and I up. Granted  no work but uhmmmm I don’t need to be watching movies 
Two subtle girls dancing and stripping: #movies Two subtle girls dancing and stripping - leder boxershort mit harte… 
We here in GA love you!  This is a photo of me with my best friend at The Whistle Stop Cafe - where… 
This picture tells a story that you thought you will never see in real life but recreated scene in movies !!! The g… 
Which Marvel characters are alive or dead ahead of 'Avengers: Endgame'? - Yahoo Movies 
lowkey can’t wait to have kids so I can watch my old Barbie movies without feeling weird about it 
Woohoo!!! People kept 6 billion dollars more of their money to spend on food and meds and gas and healthcare and mo… 
Want to watch a Movie on #DirecTVInternetPackages, but confused to choose from the 
There are so many films marketed towards men, like The Expendables. It’s okay to say… 
Check out these 20 Best Sales Movies of All Time...How many have you seen?Share your views in the comments. 
Definitely going out, dinner &amp; movies with favorite human then I’m g… 
Those two movies, along with La La Land have just totally sold me on his talent. And one you recently… 
Lol nat you be with the movies that’s why I fuks with you 
My wife is out of town so I am getting crazy*.*drinking $8 Cabernet &amp; watching monster movies with the sound up real loud 
Late night movies 
#Movie "Slaughterhouse Rock" (1988) 
$25 Fandango Gift Card! Movies *Brand New* 
The Holiday will always be one of my all time favorite movies.  Especially around Christmas time 
so glad I watch romantic movies by myself bc I’m such a ugly bitch when I cry :)))) 
lol, rom coms are cheap low effort movies, that they shot over a weekend cater to casual movie goers specially women. 
Yeah and I was thinking about the Rambo movies when I wrote the tweet! 
Something found footage probably? My guess would be Paranormal Activity but my knowle… 
A First Look! The First 'Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker' Trailer #Movies… 
If anyone is undateable it's you Ashley. How dare you talk down on a type of person because they are so in love wit… 
This drunk watching marvel movies night is the best 
Check out Mozart Jones Music On #Music #Apple #iPhone #BestTalkRadio… 
Ewe. I can't believe you just fell for this. Where's the proof?And you just knocked on… 
NCAA Title Game Ratings Not A Win For CBS Despite Historic Virginia Victory - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I dreamed someone asked me what were my 5 fav movies were. My five:1. Conan the Barbarian (1982);2. Excalibur (1… 
As someone who’s not heavy invested in the Avengers movies I watched the apparent spoilers. And yeah, they are defi… 
I like the way that in Australia that we are allowed to bring outside food like Chips and candy etc in the movies.… 
All this time I thought there were only 5 movies 
George Lucas was writing his movies in between takes while filming the same movie. Hi… 
in universe pepper probably isnt happy with tony continuing to be iron man, but i believe the actor j… 
A commission I had done of Geki from Kyoryu Sentai Zyuranger by Shinji Nishikawa, kaiju designer for m… 
Tuesday Challenge: This cool cinematic trick is used to make roads look awesome in movies. What do they do to the r… 
At the movies with the loml 
Hi James! If it helps: Your grouchy old white guy routine is a tired trope, like a moldy VHS tape… 
Currently thinking of a WW2-esk #DnD campaign.Any Shows/Books/Movies/Games that come to mind the help with the se… 
In my defense, I haven't watched half the movies I own. And whenever Google sends me a code for a movie re… 
Who watches movies to appreciate the people that do editing? We watch movies for the story or relevanc… 
Tonight's movie... Paul Thomas Anderson's The Master. I have a habit of waiting to watch his movies so I can forget… 
It’s one thing to enjoy movies about people with super powers. Quite another to believe there is a single super pow… 
The more masculine movies most women only see with a guy because they’re less interested in it such as… 
My family to lit out here we living movies fr though 
Limited tickets for this weekend's Hollywood Hits at the Rockwood Theatre Pretoria - an unforgettable journey throu… 
Music and Watching Movies make me feel better always when I'm sad or alone. 
Star Wars movies suck!  From Jar Jar Binks to a third Death Star - were there seriously no talented writer… 
Those are less masculine movies which is why they’re called chick flix. And why they will remain being called chick flix. 
I love watching these black independent movies. They are some very talented brothas and sistas. 
Chris Hemsworth to appear in Kevin Smith's JAY AND SILENT BOB REBOOT #film #movies 
Mommy for the win. My son is sleep. I even got him in his own crib. (Thank God) I want to go to sleep so bad but na… 
We need more movies about small baby chickens 
The same people who don't understand the fuss around GOT are the same people who went to watch Black Panther even d… 
i watched the leaked endgame footage and all it did was remind me how ugly these movies are lfmskxjsjxjsjxjxh 
Nope. I’d be asking his big ass to walk tf out. Too much talking. Like a female at the movies my guy 
Terry Gilliam's THE MAN WHO KILLED DON QUIXOTE to begin U.S. theatrical rollout on Friday, day-and-date with its VO… 
The “Before ...” movie trilogy, “Dazed &amp; Confused,” or other Richard Linklater movies. Movies whe… 
Cleaning tips. Vaccum all. Don't vaccum cat toys. Magic eraser everything.I want to watch them becau… 
This is the one time in my life I DO NOT want spoilers not for this. 10yrs of these beloved movies and ch… 
I would have to spend money on Uber and the movies... That's damn near $100 lol 
Would it change your memories of going to the movies with other neighborhood kids, if you learned that each time yo… 
How could I have forgotten? From one of my favourite movies. #beforesunset 
Latest Super Hit #Tamil Rural Drama #Nedunalvaadai Directed by releasing soon on 
Uh, have you seen the Herbie movies? There are some definite doing it in the road vibes. 
Don't you know we need a movie every year? Oh and 3 superhero movies too? God forbid they use good… 
after watching the Batman trilogy for the first time last weekend, I have to say that I guess I like superhero movi… 
Watching movies with people who fall asleep before half way through suuuuck smh 
While I was obtaining my Bachelors in Criminal Justice, I had a specific professor I took multiple classes from. He… 
#Movie "Turn Around Jake" (2014) 
can y’all just like not post endgame spoilers like fuckin heck guys give people time to see movies !!! what the hec… 
Oh hey now. Depending on which one it is I’d watch with you. I have all three Bridget Jones movies. And Notting Hill. 
Add on all Hallmark movies. 
Walk Hard completely changed my opinion of Bohemian Rhapsody #Movies #TV 
100 Days / 100 Movies - Day 4This one is easy... and Excellent 
Nolte: Disc Sales Collapse Nearly 50% over 4 Years (Because Movies Suck) | Breitbart 
Shots fired! 
He looks like an awesome guy! Great to see someone who is not spreading hate all over this movies  
I just want to lay in bed and watch movies with my twin sister.... 
ooh now the music in movies make sense. Like I really got it when he said "now the lies are fallin… 
Glad to see you and cast members of having fun on The Tonight Show. Wish I was close enough to s… 
No NO NOOOOOOOO .THEY NEED TO LEARN ENGLISH ...GO TO THE GD MOVIES ALL DAY LIKE MY DAD DID !!!! WITH HIS FAH KI… 
These movies keep tryna tell black people to go the OPPOSITE way of the whites cause some of y’all ain’t learn YET 
Nice homage to Bill Murray, the great Bill Murray, if ur down rent his movies but especially the one( w/ the Psychi… 
I’ll take you up on that offer  I got a feeling we have the same taste in movies 
Shoulda learned from the movies, that good guys don’t run away. 
watch movies nerd 
Jokes were on point but the villain was super weak. I actually strongly enjoyed it compared to most other… 
SABC has been playing straight to DVD movies since the 90's. This isn't the results of tv licen… 
You do realize no one thinks chick flicks are only for women, right? Only the most infantile minded ma… 
The 10 best grown-up jokes hidden in animated kids movies 
Screen Gems picks up bride-centered horror pitch with HELL FEST scribe Blair Butler set to pen script and Sam Raimi… 
Finally getting a letterboxd account and reviewing 1000 movies, all with either "Good" or "Sucks" 
Joss Whedon’s Avengers Films Never Understood Captain America 
This mo… 
Universal to release Stella Meghie's Issa Rae/Lakeith Stanfield romantic drama THE PHOTOGRAPH on Feb. 14, 2020… 
How about All the books &gt; the movies 
All shows and movies should just come out on Netflix or streaming apps 
Porn movies 
is the Drive In you do your opening from the same one that you did the opening for The Sleaziest Mo… 
The last movie I watched of Zoya was Dil dhadakne do..then I watched Made in Heaven recently after 3 yrs..I think I… 
123 movies has game of thrones free HD 
I want in on ramen and Jim Carey movies and New Farm celebrations! 
Yes along with business documentaries, car shows, technology shows, and movies but not series(I read rather) 
Without volunteers, we could not welcome the 30,000 guests who visit us for #tours, #exhibits, #movies, #speakers a… 
he knows jake has a good taste in movies! 
MEN WHO LIKE STAR WARS AND SUPERHERO MOVIES ARE THE ONLY ONES WORTHY OF LOVE. FUCK YOU. 
This is one of those horror movies where you think the main perpetrator dies at the end of the film only to be some… 
Hahaha #NewMexico has had crap education always. The rail… 
You getting swole for one of them Marvel movies? #AndyRichter4KaZar 
Ouch. 
What’s Some Good Movies On Netflix  
Top story: As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse see mo… 
Dear media outlets, please don’t spoil movies before they come out. Don’t be dicks. 
First Look At Godspeed  Awesome. #godspeed #theflash #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv… 
I think to TRULY play Baconsale, all of the movies should have to be family friendly  
VR Headset, Cobra Tech 3D VR Virtual Reality Headset For 3D Movies and Games,360 Panoramic with Built-in Stereo Hea… 
Box Office: Hollywood Hoping for "Herculean Reversal of Fortune" After Worst Early Slump in 6 Years… 
Started rewatching all the marvel movies today. On Thor now. I think I’m pregnant 
I don’t watch scary movies, ain’t about that life 
Warner Bros. Freaking Out Over Having Johnny Depp In Fantastic Beasts 3 
I’ll stop using the term chick flick when you all stop creating 400 categories listing the same 200 mo… 
#AlitaBattleAngel is one of the best action/sci-fi movies I've seen in years! 
Thank God no one died. But a historical building that took over 200 years to make, that babtism,we… 
She's the Man is literally one of the greatest movies of all time. 
The point is they are movies where men think it's a guy flick and women think it's a chick flick. 
Pluto TV is getting a Classic Doctor Who Channel in May!!!?You all heard of Pluto TV?It's free and full of weird… 
Needs to stop making movies. was absolutely garbage  
3 really good Movies.    1.)  The Green Book    2.)   On the Basis of Sex   3.)  The Girl in the Spider's Web 
Hope y’all like wacky ass movies. 
The Addams Family Trailer: The Classic Characters Return! - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Horror movies.......&amp; or in life as well 
Yeah I know, I’m not debating whether the movies are good or bad, I’m just saying that the mark… 
“I think I’m the ONLY one who doesn’t watch Game of Thrones tehe lolol!”.. we get it becky ur taste is greys anatom… 
Just watched “Bullitt” on TCM.  Still one of my favorite Steve McQueen movies as well as one of my favorite car movies. 
i’ve never been one for scary movies. but i don’t have emotional trauma that could cause severe harm when triggered… 
Haven’t watched a single trailer for Endgame, haven’t speculated about it once. I’m still rewatching all MCU movies… 
Most chicks I know find those type of movies boring. 
Hey, yeah so all bullshit and politics aside, looking at it through an impartial lense, i enjoy the new Star Wars m… 
Aye well i understand if somebody shooting Snapchat movies some mfs deserved to be skipped through  
I just wanna be caked up eating some wings watching movies  
They always want their policies and 'laws" to apply to the rest of us and not to t… 
#Movie "Chernobyl Diaries" (2012) 
so if i told you that a podcast fully devoted to movies about and starring dogs was currently in the works would th… 
This may become one of my favorite movies. Wow! No nudity. No cussing. A little predictable but totally great! 
10 Movies that Drove People to KILL #horror: Here are 10 Movies that Drove people to Kill. The killers used these f… 
I barely watch tv. Mostly cuz its hard for me to get into a show especially those that are still airing… 
I can understand. But Videodrome is one of my favorite m… 
To me it feels like one of his movies but one where a normal dude who we connect with walked into th… 
Who else Love Watching Horror Movies . Example Jeepers Creepers Lol? 
Ok #HallmarkChannel, time to stop showing Christmas movies! 
Ever notice how a lot of horror movies start with "The"?  
Movies that were so bad you walked out of the theatre? I'll start. The angry birds movie 
Just watched #hereditary by ... and to be honest it got me scared and it's not easy for me to get scared by movies 
Me: “what would you do for a girls night?”Chelsea: “watch the purge movies” 
thank you for uploading your reaction &amp; allowing us to see your passion &amp; love for these movies. I c… 
Movies? — Okay anon 
If Hasbro ever gets their  together with the movies, I would love to see Tomax and Xamot in a GI*Joe movie. 
Happy #MovieMonday! Ugly Dolls is set to be released May 3rd of this year! Are you excited? #UglyDolls #2019… 
Home Alone and Ferris Beuller are the only John Hughes movies I’ve ever watched. 
Hey, remember how you guys JUST STREAMED MOVIESI'm not paying for a sermon. Shut up and just tell me… 
My rant at the end of the GW survey was about the current state of 40k. Played by a group of like minded friends it… 
#hellboy was a hell of a good time at the movies!!!! Go see it, so we can have a sequel! One of the comic's writers… 
#StarWarsResistance update. Omg omg omg omg that season finale was 100% epic as heck. The show starts out slow, but… 
Same with Insatiable but that's and both of what I suggested are series not movies ...  
watch them keep this shiate for the rest of her movies 
This get out chic fucking up another black person! Smh, can’t believe I still wanna watch her movies! Why is she so… 
You can find "fun" movies with good visuals anywhere. This one actually says something to me, so yeah. 
Don’t watch sappy love movies lol 
I don't get it either. Frankenstein is good. A classic. Like the OG Zombie. Then there's the plethor… 
I thought the trailer was great, but I have seen great trailers to shit movies before. However I think TR… 
Because apparently you saw those atrocious Star Wars movies so still understand.  
I’ve watched 9 MCU movies in the past week.#Endgame 
I’ve only seen a few Marvel movies but I’m going to RAGE if Thor dies 
What is up with all these MK11 girls looking like Ruby Rose from John Wick lol...I mean I’m not complaining because… 
Get over it. The Last Jedi was a massive success, Rian and JJ have certainly collaborated since befo… 
On that fgo grind watching binge watching all the marvel movies before the new avengers 
You and your bad movies &lt;3 
Here’s my #laika #collection on #bluray #coraline #paranorman #theboxtrolls #boxtrolls #kuboandthetwostrings… 
I saw Little with my mom tonight and she has always been so incredibly loud during movies and it brings me such to… 
YEEESSSS Scott pilgrim vs the world is one of my fav movies. That’s perfect 
But my top choice is always scary movies. They are better to me. 
I’ll watch some action, comedy or romantic movies .. depending on what it is! 
I love scary movies.  I can watch it all day. 
I wouldn't argue he's made any bad movies, but I think there's a balance between being consistent an… 
I've never went to the movies twice a year 
Netflix series or movies suggestions? 
Slave movies etc 
I love old black history movies 
I don’t understand people who don’t watch movies 
"The Equalizer" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
This is a good idea except Natalie Portman should be replaced by someone else that is in good movies 
Love songs got me wanting to find love, but experience got me saying fuck it ts only exists in the movies 
Everybody needs to shut up and enjoy the movies.  Or don't enjoy them, don't watch them,  but definitely shut up.… 
Cale Makar looks like he was in one of the Harry Potter movies 
Rewatching Harry Potter movies as Ryker gets older is my favorite because he understands more and more each time. 
Netflix: Hey guys, look at this bunch of shit movies we are making.Me: Ok, but when is Mindhunter...Netflix: Mindhunter what? 
Thoughts? 
Top 7 Scary Movie Scenes You Won't Watch More Than Once #horror: Looking for some scary movie scenes, you will not… 
And we need to stop calling some movies tear jerkers because it offends the jerks that try to police our language. 
Just noticed the similarity between these scenes of Hitchcock's "The Birds" and Columbus' "Harry Potter and the Sor… 
Was 1999 The Best Year Ever For Movies? via 
Agreed. Which is why I asked a few questions.Is it okay to like those at all… 
Rom coms and chick flicks are two very different types of movies, IMHO 
Watching all these Marvel Movies over and everything adding up 
Greece steps up campaign for Elgin Marbles return with attack on ‘murky’ British Museum | World News #update #news… 
Hey Numbskull, Here's another one for you.:  35 plus movies and shows and 11 awards. How many do yo… 
Why is it whenever I watch shows and movies the dad becomes my favorite character immediately? Maybe i'm just getting old. 
The Lost Boys is still one of the coolest movies ever.. that bitch was cold back in the day .. 
I still just can’t believe we’re getting new movies. When I was young I thought I would have to on… 
Here's another one for you, 35 plus movies, shows, and11 awards. How many do you… 
I condemn those losers. I  think people obsess about marvel too much. I also think it'… 
Having a discussion on worst (best) villains of movies: 
Hunter left for work early, because we had Redbox movies to return and I was hungry he had extra time and didn’t te… 
This is the kind of passion for a movie franchise that helps #Rocky endure over generations. This is why we talked… 
I be watching horror movies like regular movies 
I'm a fan of them both and I condemn the harassment. However I still oppose this intol… 
HQ: Which band was in Idle Hands?Me: The Offspring.Hubby: Are you sure?Me: I know my Devon Sawa movies.12 yo me: 
Aye cop out is one of my favorite movies lol 
Evergreen tweet. Cats too. Could’ve done with the warning before Alita Battle Angel. Thought of all movies… 
ROTJ is the best film.ANH is oddly enough the least interesting movie of the whole bunch.TLJ is a masterpiece we… 
It's funny seeing my older brother having his own Otaku night binge watching Initial D series and movies while munching on some sun chips. 
"Look mom, Dinosaurs!" Not the dinosaurs you expected I'm sure! Godzilla comes trumping into Dendy May 30.… 
How dare you tell us women how to think and what to say! No, I'll continue to refer to movies popular… 
So we now have front hole films. And since they say men have no current name for their m… 
I realize maybe movies like Moana, Frozen, Tangled, Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin, The Little Mermaid, and The Lion… 
Replace all you DVDs with bootleg copies of dodgy 70s porn, then look her in the eye while asking if s… 
how many more transformer movies where megatron gets his shit rocked and comes back for the next one 
April 16, 2019 - oha–asa: Capricorn › Movies › Blue Taurus › Gyoza › Light blue Scorpio › GPS › Brown... 
Lmfao... Try talking music?? Movies?? Places of interest?? Good place to start 
One thing I didn’t realize until I was a parent is how casually death, killing, threats of killing, and slavery are… 
How do you see movies early? 
If I can have a girlfriend who I can watch anime movies or anime in general with that would be amazing:) 
honestly wonder how u guys make time for reading books &amp; watching multiple movies 
I heard some good advice once at a writer's panel, go to Wikipedia and look up your favorite movie.… 
Lemony Snicket’s a Series of Unfortunate Events is one of the greatest movies of all time 
That's not fair as liberals are secretly putting estrogen in our food supply so men stop calling rom… 
free The Dark Knight Rises Action movies download - Action movies free download | download free online movies for f… 
Rachel Talalay to direct #film adaptation of A BABYSITTER'S GUIDE TO MONSTER HUNTING for Netflix #movies 
I forget how cute this movies is. 
I have more movies and video games than a 33-year-old man without kids should reasonably possess 
We kid you not. 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #9 #IYPT2019Gallium is found in only one movie!Gallium movie 1 of 1: Galaxy Quest (… 
Everyone is gonna hate.  These last movies have been great. 
Not only books, I find that happening in movies as well. 
movies where dogs die should be illegal 
Yeah. I couldn't fathom that it was actually happening. It was like one of those disaster movies. 
Recommendations for Netflix movies please?? 
Yay my mum said that we are going to the movies in the evening to go see Shazam. So exited to eat chips and Coke. A… 
Arkansas news, politics, opinion, restaurants, music, movies and art #cannabis 
i have the house to myself so what better time passer then binging marvel movies? the correct answer is there isn’t one. 
I'd be highly willing to bet if society allowed men to feel more emotionally in tune an… 
#ooc I'm scared of those animatronic dolls. I can't watch movies like Annabelle cause it freaks me out  
This is actually really frustrating. Because when a guy expresses real emotions, the very thing that ends most rela… 
Mother of Limes 
This retro "Star Wars" toy is selling for $365,000 — plus tax 
I have watched a lot of stupid movies in my time (all 2-7 headed shark movies&amp;the sharknados) but I will never watch game of thrones 
books will always be better than movies 
#Film adaptation of Angie Thomas' ON THE COME UP moves to Paramount from now-shuttered Fox 2000 #movies 
I really hope the possible new LEGO Star Wars game is all 9 movies plus Rogue One and Solo. It would be even better… 
Don’t get me wrong...I REALLY liked it; but each character from the Phase 1 movies has been… 
Also great movies ! 
I do love his movies, though. 
Nigga gone get mad cuz I went to the movies solo &amp; ask did I do my walk today, naw hoe but I still made it to the g… 
Movies visualize the story in books you can visualize in your head and make your own movie and what they would look like 
Movies w My Girl are the best  
Really OMG, first buddy comedy movies, now chick flicks! Get over it lefties. Laugh instead of sho… 
I dont stereotype greek life based on movies. I actually look at them with the spiritual research tha… 
Threesome full of glamorous people enjoy great sex: #movies Threesome full of glamorous people enjoy great sex - Th… 
As someone who has a strong faith life and is apart of Greek life.. please do some research. Not all Gre… 
To all #film buffs and #cinema fans out 
It takes approximately 200x less energy to enjoy movies/media/art than endlessly nitpick and say how much you hate… 
Saying goodnight to the cows and hello to the owls on the farm. And now some family time with dinner and a some mov… 
Lifetime movies be pissing me off them bitches act like they can’t even pinch a bitch  
I should probably learn to embrace it  when I’m ready, at least I know some good movies now! 
Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018)  #trakt 
I just watched Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018) #trakt 
“I have a bunch of movies that we need to watch before going to Europe and most of them are Mary kate and Ashley” 
Maybe I'll go one day...love my old Hollywood movies, Actors...I always like to know where they filmed, etc... 
I went to the movies, had a drink and then worked out  smh now I’m like “oh why am I a bit nauseous” 
Looks like a female version of Billy doll from Saw movies #RAW 
Im so sad.... Marvel try so hard keep the secrets about movies, and then a leak may ruin… 
Finished Spiderman, so all I need to see is Ant Man in the next week. Then I can rank the movies. 
&gt; Once voted by The Guinness Book of World Records as the most beautiful woman who ever lived.&gt;… 
Just because I have great taste in music and I can speak and listen to 3 languages( broken), I can cook and recite… 
"Logos are bad! Narration is bad! Exposition is bad! Movies are only good when they can set up stories without any dialogue!" 
This is how you know is a psychopath, she stays watching scary movies all by herself I could never sit… 
Black holes in films: from Interstellar to Star Trek, 5 movies that imagined the cosmic phenomenon: South China Mor… 
Man. They are so dumb. When I had my company the entire 22 yrs I did NOT talk politics to my clien… 
They have excellent movies too. Awesome. 
What I'm getting at isnt your soul but AI. I've been highly interested in the subject lately and was pondering the… 
I love your responses James!  I read them to my honey and we laugh so much!  You are one of a kind!… 
I love superhero movies: where Scarlett Johansson is wearing super tight latex.  
Watching low quality movies in a language I don’t understand 
Just got finished watching one of my favorite vampire movies Subspecies 4 Bloodstorm.. #horror #Vampire #bloodstone… 
Gonna start a petition to make the last four Fast and Furious movies disappear forever in exchange for one more Rus… 
"I'm Self-Important-Pseudointellectual-Film-Critic-Who-Hates-Everything! I'm the best film critic on the internet!… 
So my sociology professor had us watching movies to write extra credit papers....yeah I’m scarred now watching them  
Take a look. 
Going to the movies alone is stressful. The ending of this episode is painful (literally). Just ask… 
acting like she’s gonna hurt Georgia. No one needs you or the crappy TV movies filmed with a cracked… 
I mean of all the things people give the anime/movies shit about, animation is rarely, if ever, one of… 
Who cares what this guy has to say. Hopefully, nobody goes and sees anymore of his movies. Used to love w… 
Shazam was great. Laughed my ass off, and I enjoyed the big surprise near the end. Definitely one of the best DC Mo… 
I see that now  that’s fine I will watch my movies 
I wonder if we still going to the movies tomorrow  
i love netflix, between our planet, lucifer, seven deadly sins, atypical (my favorite show all time), a… 
My huge concern is how they thought this would be a worthwhile investment. Like as mediocre as pokemon… 
I liked Disney movies and I still enjoy the old cartoon shorts, but fuck Disney as a company. 
And as long as we’re preaching a sermon here, no Disney is not buying off all the critics to like M… 
i was reading somewhere about how the reason early comic movies failed was because none of the people who actually… 
SPIDER-MAN: HOMECOMING and SPIDER-MAN: FAR FROM HOME helmer Jon Watts in talks to direct BLACK PANTHER's Michael B.… 
absolutely We Hate Movies, predicated on the request that you skip the ads and nonsense at the start and get r… 
Ok I’m going to suggest that my wife watch all her “Chick Flicks” (Her Word) (And Yes, there are MAN m… 
Why would you ask for people's opinion on the best of the worst movies of all time? 
Is DC continuing to make less bad movies? Is DC's Captain Marvel movie better than Marvel's Captain Marvel movie? A… 
The entire Star Wars series of movies are children’s movies. 
these movies should have been about finn and finn only he is easily the most interesting and powerful character in the sequels 
There are some movies that I could watch every day #TheLastHoliday #QueenLatifah 
 on Too Powerful For Marvel Movies: The Unstoppable Colossus 
dOeS hEeE wAtCh YoUR fAvOriTe MoVieS? DoEs He HoOoLd yOu WHen YoUu cReii??! 
Hey me out, k? Instead of re-making your entire canon of movies into cynical "live-action" CGI abo… 
Finally saw the movie this evening.  Surprisingly, it surpassed my expe… 
The movies is actually interested in the Transformers as characters rather than as SFX. 
Um wow, this is rather rude? He’s undateable because he loves amazing movies and stories? I cried watching the trai… 
So after watching Solo a Star Wars Story on Netflix I am now interested in watching all the movies. 
I bet not see one end game spoiler go down my timeline.How much of an asshole do you have to be to spoil one of t… 
Might go to the movies on my dolo tomorrow , i want to see that movie “little”  
They’re all good. The movies, the shows, the spin offs...all of them.#StarWars 
Oh, do you NOT watch movies to learn how people got their last names?! Yeah, we don’t watch movies the same at all  
im very sick so im doing what i always do and take nyquil, watch a popular live action movie ive never seen, and ha… 
I love Marvel and the original Star Wars movies and am a nerd for both. But now that Disney own$ the… 
Kenny Ortega to direct and produce AUNTIE CLAUS movie and musical comedy series JULIE AND THE PHANTOMS as part of n… 
Yeah, I think my reaction was about the same as this guy, but internally, since I was a… 
Select Family Movies Starting at Only $9.99 each at Best Buy with Free Pickup #bestbuy 
The movies were quite creepy. Something about humanoid/animal hybrids in a psychedelic dreamscape-lik… 
i will but do you have any movies where you've seen it? 
Movie Talk: Rian Johnson Working with ‘Game of Thrones’ Showrunners on Future ‘Star Wars’ Movies -… 
...and for loading down with coke &amp; snacks at the movies.... 
I have never received more death threats than when I’ve made these two tweets:1) My video against Captain Marvel… 
Yeah people over-praising decent superhero movies is pretty much modus operandi at this point though 
That’s very comforting, thank you. I always think that I shouldn’t talk about myself when writing about m… 
#Movie "Stars in my Crown" (1950) 
with all of your new live action movies coming out....can we pleaseeee get a live action The Rescuers 
I just don’t have the attention span or dedication. I can do a few movies but not tv series  
Marcus is, no question, back in his groove"Movies" by 
As films evolve in the digital era, a movie theater owner explains how cinemas continue to update from reels to har… 
Hey I use Coto Movies all the time but it’s been revoked. If I subscribe to Build Store and download it… 
Ya ever just feel overwhelmed with how many movies you wanna watch and look through a huge list of them and can’t p… 
Nonsense like that makes me want to see it even 'Avengers: Endgame' Being Called "O… 
i watched the leak cos ive gone into movies spoiled for most of my life so im not even ... phased anymore 
I was around before Internet Cell phonesCall waiting RedialI used a land line I used a pay phone… 
Hate when movies tell me that instead of letting the character's actions show it. 
Why are pig tails like M. Night Shyamalan movies? They both have twist endings! #pig #pigs #pigtails… 
Not much in the way of new footage, but we'll take it. 
Grow up Ron.. are you pretending to be people in B rated movies has gone to your head. 
Have you ever tried a refreshing cold brew from Why not switch up your daily coffee and try it t… 
Wandering the streets of Minneapolis searching for a bartending job. They make it look so easy in the movies. SOMEO… 
There hasn’t been any good movies out. Literally none. 
I finally watched the new #DEATHWISH and it was fucking great! As a lifelong fan of the original films I can say… 
And when I recently said “white” should be dropped from W/Supremacist because it is racist, I was atta… 
Unadulterated Joy: An Oral History of ‘Step Brothers’ - The Ringer 
I know it's not the same, but I know the Harry Potter books by heart.  Read them bef… 
Nice to be able to go to the movies again without fear of seeing a Serenity trailer. Idk why they decided to do Tha… 
Sorry I hate your movies 
I thought it was pretty self-centered of her to claim that Star Wars and superhero movies "revealed" th… 
I like it because of Tony Stark reasons. The best character in the movies, of course 
in any way and that we must cover ourselves because we should never expect men to control their impulses. Through m… 
I’ve enjoyed going to the theatre to see all of the recent Star Wars movies. 
148 is the end theres no more. But there are I think 3 movies. Also Kurapika is the best 
Rest in Peace, Joe Campos. Thank you for your you and all those who served an… 
I like the movies (most of em) but I don’t lose my  over em. Now you tell me that Mopar is introduc… 
Back when REAL actors and crew were talented enough and ma… 
I always google the ending to movies before I watch them. I can’t handle suspense 
if you want to keep your sanity and faith in humanity, don't go anywhere near comments. holy shit i… 
ACTUAL propaganda movies created by Nazi Germany aren't labeled "propaganda" as search engine for suppressi… 
I adore old movies but I have never seen it. Thank you i will be watching it for sure 
They need lessons in living within their means. Oddly enough, Sen. Grassley was bitching about poor people blowing… 
Sunset Boulevard' - the story of Hollywood movies draped on a depressing sex affair - is an uncompromising study of… 
Had to skip hulk and dark world . 6 more movies !! I got this 
jfc are you really complaining about them not really being in the water??yes. they're… 
Sure, action movies are typically marketed towards men. I think there's a bit more cr… 
Getting a little nervous that Disney is coming out with a streaming service and taking all of your goo… 
During my youth and when it was affordable to go to the movies this nines show was called looney tunes an… 
Susan Harrison, 'Sweet Smell of Success' Actress, Dies at 80 
I'm sure if you sat down and thought about it, you'd have no trouble coming up with music videos, movies, TV shows,… 
This is the dumbest thing I've read all week...and that includes crap on CNN.  I will always say "Chic… 
How about "guy" movies?  
Have thought about pretty much no other movies since seeing the S-H stuff on FilmStruck last year. Gotta catch em all now. 
if i ever make a dating profile i’m gonna mention i got john cena’s wristband and i was on his movies bc that’s the… 
The Dark Knight is one of my all time favorite movies. The Dark Knight Rises is one of my all time most hated movie… 
Havent seen 1 episodeI prefer #Movies, #BIOPICS are my latest (2018) Was Fasci… 
Everything We Know So Far About 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' via 
i hate watching movies because i forget they are not real life and i feel all of the feelings the characters are fe… 
Proof or it didn’t happen. 
We talking quadriplegic or what? 
No. It's not. $12M opening on a $50M budget is actually pretty stellar. Yes, it's less than GDT's Hellboy films, bu… 
'Avengers: Endgame' Star Jeremy Renner Shows Off His Ronin Look - Heroic Hollywood 
Reminds me of many movies including GoT, "choose both" when you are a blend of two or more cultural 'families' 
I love romance movies  
I'm now a permanent co-host on Movie Podcast Weekly. "Where it's no longer weekly but it is still about movies." If… 
I feel similarly about Peter- a normal nerdy kid from humble beginnings makes him relatable. He’s grow… 
in conclusion watching all the avengers movies to understand one trailer was a great idea because now I can’t wait… 
Don’t Christians burn incense in those smoking things? I legit am too pagan to even know what they… 
What is it with choirs singing in old movies sounding especially bad 
Fire the intern. Certain movies are more popular with women. Wow. Real controversial. 
Watching #40YearOldVirgin for tonight’s #GoToSleepMovie ... it’s amazing how some movies age better than others. 
In the minouette shop: Women in Horror Movies Weekly, Happy Planner Stickers, Women in Horror Movies Stickers, Horr… 
Cursed movies 
Christmas movies is the only thing I’ve sustained. I think it is because there isn’t an overwhelming… 
Now they want to dictate how we refer to movies?! Piss off, 
Happy 31st Birthday to Chris Stuckmann! The YouTuber who reviews old and new movies. #ChrisStuckmann 
If the government asks, my name is Bobby Collins and I produced the Bourne Identity movies 
Ambot commission for a friend to look like Long Haul from the bay TF movies. #paintingwarhammer40k 
Dear Netflix - Shut Up. Don’t tell me how to run my life or label my movies. Thank you, that’s all. 
Keanu Reeves Says He Was Put in ‘Movie Jail’ by Fox for 10 Years After Turning Down Speed 2 
“Netflix and the expansion of platforms will have minimal impact on box office given the vast supply of content, pl… 
Someone Just Leaked Almost 5 Minutes Of #AvengersEndgame Footage - 
Meat Curtain Movies 
I need a weekend to myself. No kids. No Man. Just me. Lol. Go to the movies alone, out to eat alone, don’t answer my phone. Just serene.  
Considering most of these magical creature scenes (in the movies) took place in the ni… 
I've had a horrible day so I'm watching movies guaranteed to make me laugh.  I just finished "To Wong Foo, Thanks f… 
I must be getting old. I don’t remember that. Of course it’s been a while since I’ve watched the late… 
If it happens yes. I’m more likely to just not watch movies but there have been a few that I’ve start… 
TV Review: ‘Les Misérables’ With David Oyelowo and Dominic West - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I also liked the Greatest Showman, Dumbo, MaryPoppins &amp; Returns , A.X.L, any or movies 
Gilliam’s Fear and Loathing and The Fisher King are both in my top 25 movies EVER. Brilliant filmmaker. 
De loser he is, no longer spending a dime watching any of his past or future movies. I… 
Gotta disagree. There are for sure films that folks dub "guy movies" that aren't the best choices dates and such. 
just cancel avengers it’s gonna be like a horrible movie anyways just like the rest of marvel MCU movies 
CHILLIN WATCHING MOVIES 
Movies and hot fries my kind of night wish I had somebody fine ass daughter beside me 
Create a MCU TV and Movies Tier List via 
Fargo Season 3 is nostalgic in many ways. From the gritty realism to the homage to The dude in the bowling alley, a… 
I have a really hard time with "woman trained from birth to murder people" movies where they cast... unripped actre… 
What a cute little boy. Congratulations! You'l be a terrific aunt. You can stir him to all the good movies. 
Movies influence violence in real life 
A take I disagree with, but respect. As I love both movies. TFA - 9 TLJ -8 
I purposefully look up spoilers in extremely stressful movies or tv shows to keep from being anxiou… 
I drew the fox from Anti Christ #Movies #TV 
Rian Johnson and 'Game of Thrones' Writers Working Together on the Next Decade of Star Wars Films #Movies #TV 
#Movie "Daria in 'Is It Fall Yet?'" (2000) 
Well documented in Marvel movies lmao 
Right! It's better than all of the live action movies! 
The Original Star Wars Movies Have Way More Aliens Than You Think 
A Dog's Way Home (2019)  #trakt 
My childhood movies! 
PewDiePie Picks DLive as Exclusive Live-Streaming Platform, Will Donate Up to $50,000 to Other Creators (EXCLUSIVE)… 
See the film Variety calls “honest and thoughtful.” #TheBestOfEnemies starring Taraji P. Henson and Sam Rockwell –… 
Shitting on things people love has revealed a whole new population of unbearable people. Might be worse than people… 
And yet the genre is at best a guilty pleasure for most people who enjoy watching these movies.  
It is SO underrated and one of my favorite superhero movies. 
As someone that liked X-Men since a young age and hated half the movies/enjoyed the other half it's… 
Never thought I would see a genuine Nazi in our White House other than in action or war movies. Stephen Miller is a… 
“she was aware of her standing as the lone female director in the New Wave and how her presence could be used — as… 
idc how many times I watch Talledga Nights, it will forever be one of my favorite movies. 
One of my favorites movies 
Did you watch any Harry Potter movies?? 
Ugh, listening to insufferable people on NPR bow to a caller who is upset by males talking about movies involving a lot of males. 
I got Hulu and never looked back. Way better selection of shows and movies, plus add-ons. 
You are supposed to forgive once they repent   have you sat down and wat… 
objects to recognizing movies designed to appeal especially to women. 
I’ve finished the first 3 Death Wish movies. I’ve learned you just shouldn’t be Charles Bronson’s wife / friend / d… 
What do you have against movies with content geared towards women? 
I almost added this movie as a bonus on my list of Marvel movies to watch. 
There's no need for me to do it, but I collect the Marvel movies on Blu Ray even though they are all on Netflix and… 
I nominate two movies as being both a guy flick and a chick flick at the same time: 'The Princess Bride' and 'Ladyhawke.' 
Stream more “man movies” and Chicks are effing awesome!!! 
I'm watching Captain America: Civil War (2016)#InfinitySagaMarathon (13/22) #trakt 
You get my money to provide as a service of entertainment. I do not need to be told what to call a cer… 
I really want to like those movies, I just wish they were half as good as the director thought they were. 
"She shows you the rush of emotions just before they break the surface, so the hurt and confusion flicker on her fa… 
He would have screamed that it's a trap and then watched his fleet get torn to bits? Tbh it too… 
My film poems lurk within this book.I hope you like the way they look.               Though movies are my favorit… 
Why do guys think all girls want in a relationship is sex! I am perfectly fine with laying on the couch all day wa… 
Donnie Darko's bunny was pretty dark! One of my favorite movies. 
I know it's them from other Twitter comments. I only remember them from camp rock but I haven't seen them movies in ages 
TV shows or movies? 
sucks! You won't send me enough movies for what I'm paying for. You won't have a meeting w… 
Today on my day off I only watched movies and I was on twitter...I'm a failure  
Me too. I saw it three times the week it was released. Back when I used to go to the movies. 
Y'all suck! You won't send me enough movies for what i am paying for. You won't have a meeting with me… 
GOTG 2: Ugh, so good. I loved it. I am so sad I never watched the GOTG movies before this. Also, v pleased Kirk f… 
Good evening Horror fans!QOTD: what is the title of the movie that stars these demons?#horror #movies #QOTD… 
For example, this shit. Turns out I can walk and chew gum, I can endure my life's biggest tragedies and still laug… 
want to watch a semi-mediocre comedy movie but all I'm finding on my streaming services are Really Good Movies or Shit Movies 
Supposedly the rumor is Kennedy is meeting with both GOT guys and Rain J in a big Star Wars Paw wow to get the next… 
 yoursoulsgspot: Favorite Disney animated movies 
Captain Marvel's Brie Larson Signs 7-Movie Deal With Marvel Studios 
Girl this is why we’re best friends haha the minute I saw it was on there I watched it, and now I’m wat… 
I love it so much! If you go to the original thread, there’s other Disney movies with Mikrocosmos edits 
I cannot tell you how many times I've worked through all 6 Middle-Earth movies.I start with Unex… 
I indulge in Hallmark movies on the weekend. Rest of the week I watch MSNBC. 
ABC News Producer Alexa Valiente Dies at 27 - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Ken Chester FINALLY let things get crazy...  LOL... Tell us what you think! 872-222-9793 
Happy 60th Birthday to Emma Thompson! The actress who played Karen in Love Actually, Nanny McPhee in the Nanny McPh… 
Can I have girl that just comes over &amp; cuddles with me? No funny business or nothing. Let’s just cuddle up and watc… 
I’ve watched 5 movies today. What have you done? 
There are few shows or movies I can get into anymore because the Hollywood holier-than-thou hypocrites. I do hope t… 
SHIT THERE ARE SO MANY MOVIES I NEED TO WATCH 
Only about next year Star Wars celebration is there will be hardly any new live action movies. A lot of leg work wi… 
Who the hell died and put you in charge of our culture RegretFlix? Stay in your lane, we'll call movie… 
Alugar "Nervo Craniano Zero" online for R$3.90 on Google Play Movies 
Comprar "Nervo Craniano Zero" online for R$7.90 on Google Play Movies 
Eh, I don't have a problem with liking movies, video games, books, music, or nerd culture in general.… 
Comprar "Morgue Story: Sangue, Baiacu e Quadrinhos" online for R$7.90 on Google Play Movies 
Thank you! The misinformed representation of NRIs in telugu movies has always been my pet peeve. N… 
It’s one of my all time favorite movies. 
I ain’t tryna fw none of the live action Disney movies 
I’m facing the same predicament, I have too much anxiety to go to the movies 30 minutes early and sit in a full theater 
I love it..netflix is upset some movies (usually reruns can be seen on Lifetime) are called chick flicks.… 
Already watched the Red Sox this morning. Thought tonight would be a good time to watch one of my favorite baseball… 
Star Wars Episode IX: 12 Facts You Need to Know About The Rise of Skywalker 
Streamed a pretty awesome B-Action movie on  tonight. Thought it was worth sharing since you so rarely fin… 
They’ve been trying to tell us this in movies for years.  It’s scary to me to think that they litera… 
I hate CHICK FLICKS, and Bollywood movies but your site is full of them. 
Two savvy filmmakers saw just what a big deal #RankedChoiceVoting would become! 'The Battle for Ranked Choice Votin… 
#Movie "Late Night Double Feature" (2014) 
Idek what to do with myself when I get days off...I’m such a homebody I just stay home, watch movies, &amp; take a million naps. 
I know it sounds trite but I found it worth as 2nd look.  I'm a snob too, about movies.  Hopefully we can be friends.. 
So he promises violence against law abiding citizens to stop crime? well that makes perfect sense? Heres a better i… 
From all of us who remember silent movies, I say no way! And if any man disagrees with me then he n… 
Impossible unless they don't have a car note, car repair, gas, tolls, rent/mortg, home… 
It's only one of my favorite movies of all time :/ 
The freaking Communist/ Democrats have ruined everything for the good people of this country. Holly… 
Btw if you meant Princess Bride.. one of my favourite movies Buttercup  
Boo to You blew my mind. I first saw it on one of my 10 honeymoons with my lovely wife. We… 
That's a great one. Top 5 Et movies for me. 
No doubt is the king of horror movies #NetflixSaveZNation #NetflixPickupZNation 
That looks like a creepy Stich . How many live action movies are coming out now ? It’s crazy . 
You are tweeting the video game which needs to be cancelled for its own pile of sh… 
 is good place to buy music or movies you’re to embarrassed to buy in the store. 
I just watched You've Got Mail (1998) #trakt 
Star Wars and super hero movies... 
There is no definition of what a President needs to act like. Sure, he cusses, but so… 
He who tells the story, gets to define the narrative. Six mega-trans-national corporations are telling over 80% of… 
Love the original karate kid movies, but I'm all in on #TeamCobraKai cannot wait till the new season! 
Two of these movies were bad. 
Submissive BDSM sex with butt whore: #movies Submissive BDSM sex with butt whore - BRANDON is a sexy frencwink fuck… 
Ian McDiarmid Addreses The Emperor’s Return In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
Someone Great starring is the top movie to watch on Netflix this month! FULL LIST:… 
Sharing good music with people can be one of the most joyful and intimate things, watching movies and tv is great a… 
See with this Thursday night at Tix going fast!! 
Plz keep doing the scoring thing, Cards! I’m gonna go be a bad fan and go to the movies instead of watching the game 
no matter how many times I give a thumbs down, I keep getting these made in India movies all because I sta… 
Daddy and I went to dinner and stuff... now I'm gonna see if he will give me a bath and then watch movies and color!  
I turn to Turner Classic Movies. 
White people can annoy someone in horror movies  you see danger and you are shouting hello  
Oscar may be one of the 1st African American movie produces to discuss interracial relationships in his movies? 
That's because a lot of women will watch "man movies" so they don't need classification. A lot of men… 
I need to update that piece bc several new movies/shows, notably Disney’s “Dumbo,” set in MO since I wrote it. 
I finally got internet access and a Netflix account. So, I am gorging on PG-13 movies. 
Watching my childhood movies with my kids is so exciting because they also get so excited about the movies  
I originally planned to watch 2 movies for one class, do an outline for that same class, and my history essay tonig… 
Like I said, she can do her. I don't mind watching her in Marvel movies, mostly because she's not b… 
Just don't have ask me to watch true crime or scary movies lol I like my creepy shit to be centuries old 
Available now Victoria, Season 3. #NewRelease 
Happy 40th Birthday to Luke Evans! The actor who played Sheriff’s Thug in Robin Hood (2010), Girion &amp; Bard in The H… 
Shazam reigns at the box office once again, while many didn't seem to miss not seeing The Missing Link. Read our th… 
#Ephesians #peace #HeIsMyPeace #PureFlix #FreeStuff #free #movies #faith #family For He Himself is our peace, wh… 
will Disney original movies (Susie Q, underwraps, etc) be featured on Disney + 
Yeah, while i don't prefer TLJ to TFA, I watched both of them once, enjoyed them enough, and didn't… 
Wats some good movies or shows on netflix? 
could you sing this song or any other songs from other Disney movies, Your voice is amazing a… 
The EU had a lot of really great overarching concepts (even if most of the individual books are terrible) and it's… 
I’m gonna go next time. Well we gotta a produce date tomorrow. I’m gonna see if we can go to the movies… 
I heard movies don't like to be called flix. Please change your name. Thank you. 
Tell me you take it into the movies also!  
Wonder how much mass/politics he or Atlee will add into it. It’s too enticing for Vijay to not take adva… 
From Discover on Google 
Not really. Netflix only asked if people "can" stop calling films chick flicks. Happily… 
People go to Netflix to watch something. They don’t expect it to be great (tho they wouldn’t… 
My son kept trying to talk me into it. I don’t like the time period, don’t wTch a lot of sex and violence… 
THE BARBIE MOVIES DIDNT HAVE TO GO THIS HARD BUT THIS MOVIE WAS LEGIT... 
Also we don’t need to call it man movies. It’s already assumed when a movie is good it’s men doing the… 
There you go.Civil War 2 #avengers #endgame #roadtoendgame #blurays #movie #film #cinema… 
"The Hunchback of Notre Dame" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
I'll just call them "Shitty Movies" again 
Was 1999 The Best Year Ever For Movies? - Texas Public Radio 
Action movies. 
There was a movie about it all, just to clear this up. Not stating it is true but from w… 
People who watch horror movies alone is a special kinda alien   
Um action movies 
Turn your Cartoons/Anime/Movies/Books into a derailed RPG ala Darth's and Droids! 
Movies and motherhood: How this star director is raising two autistic children 
What could've been, eh? 
Oh never heard of it. Mainly bc I don’t fw scary movies. 
It looks like is ready to make you think about some of your favorite movies....#435Network… 
1) i agree fully, it was the perfect amount 2) thats how you know it’s absolutely quality3)it’s one of… 
Why don't you just put movies on, and keep your fuckin opinion on what people say to yourself. If I wa… 
If the new LEGO Star Wars game isn’t all 11 movies, or at least the last 5, I’ll be disappointed, I really wanna pl… 
Movies, pizza, sex and cigarets what more do I need in life? 
Call them what they are, Lame Movies That Make Women Cry 
Zack Snyder May Have Just Revealed Who He Cast As Darkseid In #JusticeLeague - 
Adding narration to a script while writing, in the creative process, is fine, it's organic. Adding it during post i… 
Eh. With games, movies and TV, lately I’ve been preferring more light-hearted stuff. I don’t know i… 
Your parents talk mad shit about your video game console until the cable get cut off they they tryna figure out how… 
The beautiful thing is- if that’s someone’s preference- there are 4 movies featur… 
I own the John Wick movies!!!  I plan on watching them! 
They are showing true selves. They are lashing out because Disney is taking all the goo… 
Well I say accept gifts. I mean like dinner multiple times, tickets to sporting events and movies and all that jazz. 
BEST. SHOW. EVER. (Movies were awesome too!) 
SEEEEEEEEX. Like a not-lying version of HOLLYWOOD BABYLON. Out now from #forbiddenhollywood #tcm… 
I’ll admit, I enjoyed the nun. It wasn’t that scary but I enjoyed it. I like crappy horror movies. 
To this day I can't watch any of the Lord of the Rings or Hobbit movies (regardless of quality) wit… 
Hey this app is the best I have ever came across it’s free and update with movies and tv series what el… 
My mom never let me watch the 50 shades movies so I went ahead and made one  
Her movie, A Case of Rape (NBC Wednesday Night at the Movies), was an eye-opener for me. 
This coming back off a injury thing is nothing like the movies  
My wife has always referred to a certain type of movie as "chick flicks".  YOU are the ones who have n… 
I find people who say things like that and try to dismiss MCU movies as “all comedies” are simply t… 
Klay on what fans don't see behind the scenes: "Pretty normal. We enjoy our families, outdoors, movies, music, art,… 
The boyfriend and I are at full lazy mode today, napping and watching movies with the kids. Waking up at 4 AM to catch a flight is no joke. 
There are few movies thay are worth crying over. 
Never going to happen because anyone with a TV can become a movie theater overnight. There'd be absolu… 
They killed lady. They fucking killed the wokf and im pissed off fuck. I wouldn’t cry at sad movies but defo would… 
I don’t know why so many want this to fail. Without the Fox X-Men movies there wouldn’t be so many super… 
People who have never seen star wars knows the line " luke i am your father" most major… 
It is a quick way to identify movies I have no interest in watching.#KeepIt. 
Jennifer Lopez-led HUSTLERS set to hit theaters on Sept. 13 #film #movies 
Our family bonded over Bela Lugosi’s Dracula and all the classic horror movies. Some of our best memories! 
Redbox Sets First Original Release: Bob Saget Drug-Addiction Comedy ‘Benjamin’ - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
What about “Bromance movies”? Thats become kind of a thing. I couldnt care less as long as you keep ad… 
How the hell dio they come up with this solution? You only periscope, refute/explain talking points (Bot… 
One of my all-time favorite movies 
Hans Conried was so funny as Wrongway Feldman on "Gilligan's Island" (2 episodes).  He was also in one… 
has all The Land Before Time movies and that makes my inner child so happy!  #yupyupyup #kidatheart #BingeMode 
I do this all the time. Also with comics, movies, and books. 
because animated movies are for babbies lolololol.!!!! how are we suppose to make money from all those babbyes???? 
I just watched new trailer for star wars rise of Skywalker i want more Dinosaurs movies please Hollywood 
I'm watching You've Got Mail (1998) #trakt 
Marvel stars who accidentally gave away massive spoilers - Yahoo Movies 
Looks like the alien from the Alien movies with a shitty dye job! 
#shudder has added some interesting new movies for April, with several more available later in the month.… 
Discovered how to piss off #scifi folks. Tell them you enjoyed all the #StarWars movies better than any of… 
Yes!!!!! Good point!!!!!! Without their nickname these movies would be ruined!!!!! 
ive only watched a few spooky movies so ill say the Shining is my favorite 
Hey dumbass, they’re called “chick flicks” because the producers of these movies know their target demographic, and… 
typical bollywood movies 
25 Terrifying Movies That You Never Knew Were Based On Actual Events 
i feel like movies n tv n jus the whole ass media have sometimes romanticised the idea of love bein painful for it… 
My wife and I have categories. Laser movies and bonnet movies 
Watching hood movies on Amazon (only the one with 2 stars and below) is my absolute favorite past time 
I have always been a big fan of James. "My Name is Bill W" is one of my all-time favorite movies. W… 
Wrong— the term Macho film is bandied about quite often..Stop trying to ruin our culture with politi… 
Fine, we shall now call them floozy movies #EffYourPC 
" Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid"’s Oscar-winning song was almost cut from the film 
Tons of Friday the 13th movies are on prime right now so of course I'm watching The Final Chapter 
Okay so this is a bit of a long story. So I mine was at the screening of the first Hobbit movie.… 
I hate #horror movies but I would go with 
In honor of EmWats’ birthday, here is my review of The Circle, a film that features Tom Hanks, Patton Osw… 
Nahhh, some movies are just CHICK FLICKS! Stop spreading this stupidity! 
90s Movies? How about Toy Story? 
Mark N Tompkins See Courtney Love Portray a Hollywood Producer in ‘J.T. Leroy’ 
How about you play movies instead of regulating my speech.  M'kay. 
Also how have you seen so few of these movies? 
This small clip is better then most full length movies 
You take yourselves way too seriously. Movies are not important and are certainly not art. Get over it. 
Help! Netflix’s Top Picks for me include three different Spy Kids movies. 
First week in a long while where I'm not traveling extensively, so I've got big plans: roast a lot of potatoes, rea… 
Seriously want macaroons and a  glass of wine and wear pink silk pajamas and watch old hollywood movies. #ChampagneWishesAndCaviarDreams 
From 3D movies to stunning #planetearth explorations &amp; #funforkids #events, keeps everyone entertained… 
I know I shouldn’t admit to this but I kicked all… 
Dumb statement by Marley. Movies recently have some kind of stupid political or social justice messag… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Blaze (2018) [HEVC · 1080p · R · 6.8/10] is now available in the Movies… 
School holiday fun with Dumbo! Enjoy a day at the movies at Queensland’s most affordable cinema! Book online no… 
This is where your rant loses any semblance of rationality. There are, 100% objectively, without a dou… 
since you like horror movies.  I was wondering if you ever watched and to get your thoughts? 
I  DC movie makers are stepping up their game... Last two DC movies were AMaZiNG! #Shazam #DC #comics #funny #Aquaman #goseeShazam 
this bothers me bc there's a whole ass dragon in two hobbit movies but instead u used one completely unrelated to t… 
LOLHackers is one of my favorite movies, and with this?:D 
Years of turmoil and complaints led the Southern Poverty Law Center to fire its founder Morris Dees… 
I swear they don’t make good movies like Days of Thunder anymore 
Considering the lousy movies, this is no 
No dumbass..They are called Guy Movies...not man movies 
The person responsible for this is unfamiliar with “action movies” and the superhero genre. 
For fuck's sake, - This woke shit is not winning you any points with anyone who isn't bumming a login from… 
Thanks for the memories your Cameos in movies will be 
How to delete your Netflix viewing history 
Alice At The Movies: The MoviePass Patents 
The best free TV show episodes on YouTube 
She’s been in some great action movies  
So, I grabbed the wonderful &amp; VERY immersive vest. It’s a haptic feedback vest w/8 transducers inside which… 
My wife and many women she is acquainted with call movies “chick flicks”, so if I have to choose betwe… 
3-D movies must be his favorties. 
Keanu Reeves Shows Off His Most Prized Motorcycles 
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world? 
I go to the movies all the time and both of these movies looked like absolute trash to me I probably… 
#GameofThrones #GameofThronesSeason8 #movies #Nine noble families fight for control over th… 
is planning to make a movie about Mexican icon #PedroInfante, and people are really mad.  
50 Best Movies On Netflix Right Now, Ranked (Updated April 2019) - Imagine EntertainmentLast Updated: April 15th… 
Yes!! I can't tell you how many movies there are with similar white men and women and I don't even… 
I'm watching Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018) #trakt 
Birds of Prey Official Movie Logo Revealed. #birdsofprey #dceu #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks… 
This nation's immigration crisis is the creation of YOUR federal government, not President Trump.  Think of i… 
Funny you say that... just not long ago I was explaining to a kid that only cartoons and people in the… 
I have not. Maybe I’m missing out, but I can’t handle watching shows or movies with violence in them,… 
How do I forget the bad movies? 
Why can’t we support horror movies... why do we have to distinguish what color the actors are in the film?   So stupid. 
I'm good.. I'm really excited for all these great movies to come out.. 
Netflix has been making some good horror movies lately. Hope we see some King remakes hit the small screen!! 
Everything is planned well before. They show it in movies or cartoons (simpsons) prayers for the people of france… 
Which movies fit this? 
Feeling nauseous is the WORSSSSST. Have been doing really well for the last few days but now I’m stuck in bed watching favorite movies. 
Netflix boards Gil Kenan-directed #film adaptation of Matt Haig's A BOY CALLED CHRISTMAS, now shooting with cast in… 
Ok that wasn’t so bad I can’t wait too seee my baby girls. Rain, bomb good and Movies until we pass out.  
A new movie was added to the media server:The Professor and the Madman (2019) [H264 · 720p · 16 · 7.6/10] is now a… 
Can’t beat some movies. 
Movies, albums, &amp; books, some of my favorites I have given them away more than once to share with frien… 
You are a corporation that distributes movies. That’s all. Also, “guy movies” have been a thing since… 
How Turner Classic Movies Built a Marquee Brand by Catering to Film Fans - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Pineapple Support Secures Non-Profit Status in U.S.LOS ANGELES—Pineapple Support, a leading mental health resourc… 
I hate to hear that. I always like his movies 
Getting ready to record! One of my favorite movies of all time. 
As far as I know, the only unproblematic good things he's written are Superman: Red So… 
Hopefully one of those movies is a future JL movie. 
I’m here for one of my favorites, #LightinthePiazza.  I love the movies about special daughters. I had a special ne… 
Michelle Yeoh added to cast of James Cameron's AVATAR sequels #film #movies 
let's not talk about how i totally wasted SCREWED my life not watching emma stone 's movies before and now im total… 
People watch too many movies. Water-bombing a 700 year old cathedral in the middle of a city? Not hardly! In forest… 
There aren't enough movies about small baby birds. They should look into that. 
Excellent! Both good movies. 
Hey Netflix if this is the case make it impossible to have more than one profile on an account. Cause… 
Go watch and support ya dinguses! He’s a really nice guy who makes awesome content. If you like movi… 
I’m talking about movies mf 
#Movie "Busking the System" (2011) 
Watch stream Game of Thrones S8E1 HD     #GoTS8 #GOT8 #GOTonDSTV   #movies #movie… 
FLEABAG creator and star Phoebe Waller-Bridge to punch up script for #Bond25 #film #movies #Bond #JamesBond 
Further books on the wider efforts resulting in the death of Mr. Lincoln still too hot for most doc… 
zombie movies are my favorite or just anything zombie related, that apocalypse world type shit hits my sweet spot 
Your Highness is legit too Haha. Love all their movies. This Is The End cracks me up. 
Exactly, the product isn't movies and shows, its screentime, which every media producer is competing… 
Just in case you just recently jumped onto the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) bandwagon, here is a list of all the… 
Predator vs. Nazis - Predator Nein: Rise of the Nutzis - Movies That Sho... via 
I got "You got 7 out of 9 right!"!Can You Pick The Movie That Made More Money? 
"Neon Genesis Evangelion: The End of Evangelion" is now #195 out of 2072 movies on my Flickchart! via 
Just Watched "A Quiet Place" With my daughter.  Thats was a great movie.  Wish I had reacted to it but I dont know… 
I like the trailer, it was pretty cool, but that guys excitement is exactly how I feel seeing Marvel movi… 
It's not nearly as fun when you're allowed to download the movies.  
No, I havent watched ANY movies or TV Shows for over 2 years.. Hollywood gets 0% of my time, zero amount… 
The 11 Most Beautiful Animated Films Ever Made — IndieWire Critics Survey 
You’ve never heard black people don’t tip? Are you being for real? Black people talk dur… 
The Hunchback of Norte Dame is one of my favorite Disney movies of all time so seeing what’s happening in Paris rig… 
Fantastic movies love them both 
"Neon Genesis Evangelion: Death &amp; Rebirth" is now #896 out of 2071 movies on my Flickchart! via 
On god the movies would hate me 
That's what I'm talking about, I don't watch superhero movies but if someone is happy then let it be.... 
Princesa Kaguya &lt;3The 11 Most Beautiful Animated Films Ever Made — IndieWire Critics Survey via 
I'm looking forward to the last two X-Men movies before the X-Men become another cog i… 
Seeing the aftermath firsthand was like something you only see in movies....I will never forget. 
there’s some movies I need to watch, but I need someone to watch them w/ me because I can’t pay attention when I watch movies by myself 
These marketing campaigns for Disney's new live action movies are getting out of hand! #NotreDameFire 
Yeah, that’s cool. But I’ve gotten into arguments with people who insist that I “nee… 
I enjoyed all of these horror movies. But if you had to make a choice. Which would be your favorite?#horror… 
I need to go to the gym today because I won’t ever go and haven’t officially gotten my tag from Planet Fitness, but… 
The Legend of Keanu Reeves #Movies #TV 
Yep. Few movies have such a collection of unlikeable characters. 
There are movies catered to men as well ex: The Expendables. This logic is so incredibly flawed and isn’t meant to… 
To see something like this is truly saddening and devastating. The loss of history and the iconic nature of all tha… 
So. Many. Possibilities.  
I’ve watched both Green Book and The Hate U Give in the last couple of weeks. Both of these movies are well done an… 
i disagree lol...those movies didnt live up to expectations of what X men is suppose… 
He reminds me of a vampire in the old vampire movies. 
Urm.... Disney movies suck? 
The 11 Most Beautiful Animated Films Ever Made — IndieWire Critics Survey via 
There are so many movies I need to see 
Yeh, not so much. I mean, you do realize that we enjoyed movies in theater… 
I pay you for movies and shows. NOT to tell me what I better do… you overstep yourself. 
MOVIES: Avatar 2 - News Roundup *Updated 28th March 2019* (Posted: 2019-04-15 
Vol 1 was great but I’m a sucker for father-son movies and I thought Vol 2 set up Infinity War perfectly… 
New #AvengersEndgame International Posters Show Bruce Banner In The Hulkbuster - 
Yes, plenty of garbage entertainment can make you feel all kinda of things, you can even like them exh… 
"Roswell's Alien gods" by Pastor Mike Hoggard. Why have we been been groomed for yrs by "alien" movies? And the ser… 
You are comparing very different scenarios. Movies are considered a hit or a fai… 
Two hours before the tragedy, I re-watched the Hunchback of Notre-Dame, that is one of my favourite Disney movies.… 
Also, pretty sure whatever bozo wrote this wasn’t alive (or aware) that since the 1980s an entire genr… 
They are trivial. Chick flicks are the Us Weekly of movies. 
from  -  One of mine from 1988 -My title- LAST FRONTIER “Before the STARTREK movies with humpbacks in… 
Haha I actually had no idea. This was directed at the "Keep your movies I'm a multi mill… 
I like 
Well, I could really use landscaping at my house and I’d rather watch Disney movies with my daughter… 
is cranking out these teen movies as fast as in the 80s 
Be happy with anything that makes you happy. May it be dancing, singing, movies, books or games, wh… 
Evil found her 8th grade horror story that was a scary/horror/Halloween story assignment. Evil's story gave chills,… 
Watched enough post apoc movies to know, if I bide my time, there will be hot chicks. 
From Audition to Guinea Pig: The 7 Best Japanese Horror Movies #horror: When talking about scary flicks, Japanese h… 
"Hyenas" still remains one of my favourite movies of all time. A masterpiece of the ages. 
Dames Driving off Cliffs movies. 
The hardest thing will be trying to stay away from the internet until I watch Endgame. I usually spoil movies mysel… 
I know everyone is looking forward to the summer movie season for the blockbusters, but ENDGAME aside, these are ac… 
- THE LAST JEDI and REVENGE OF THE SITH are the best two Star Wars movies- ROGUE ONE is better than THE FORCE AWAK… 
I mean, I was actually really interested in seeing this, just haven't had a chance… 
Please do come help. It needs attention &amp; I lack the motivation to complete it. :pAs for the cube movies… 
Hugh Jackman = likely guy movie.Hugh Grant = definitely chick flick.Virtue signaling x 1000.On average more wo… 
ok but how do i find these 1970s russian scifi movies i wanna watch 
might fuck around and   |      |   \          / ____| |_____/        __/\_Finish my assignments on time s… 
1. The Sandlot2. Batman: Mask of the Phantasm3. Army of DarknessQuick shout out to Robin Hood: Men In Tights and… 
"The Chaperone," the novel by Laura Moriarty, associate prof. of hit bookshelves in 2012. Now Moriarty'… 
I respect your views. But heterosexual men and women are being pushed out of main stream… 
MOVIES Sky Is The Limit With Our Android Theater Stream TV OCTA CORE TV Box Category: Home Entertainment Vendor: Bo… 
This is BS. My wife complains frequently about "guy" movies."Just fighting and explosions" 
Fosse/Verdon Review: Big Stars Can't Jazz Up a By-the-Numbers Biopic - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Same. Also never watched any Twilight movies. 
Dude I love how much you love these movies. Makes me want to go back and watch them 
The German TV show "Dark" has taken the spotlight from all others because of its deeply twisted plot. Read on to fi… 
Some movies I'll be seeing on the big screens around DC over the next three weeks: Blade Runner 2049AkiraIncept… 
No thanks, not interested in anything Hollywood. 
10 Most Memorable Quotes From Sam Raimi's Spider-Man Trilogy Sam Raimi helped to start th… 
Top 10 Things We Want to See in the Upcoming Matrix Movies via 
The Rush Hour movies are underrated 
Haha! Thank you, Nina! I'm a little embarrassed about being caught with Ocean's 12 in the b… 
You can make your life like the movies. 
Nigga avengers aint ever been bigger than x men until the movies came along lmao, if x men was done right it woulda… 
I love this period of Shrodinger's #starwars. The time when anything is possible, fan theories seem to hold weight,… 
I shouldn't watch Stormy movies. I was curious. Showtime is free for a month. Now I'm really bothe… 
They really need to make more movies like Terminator 2: stark, cold, unflinchingly violent but not flashy, not caug… 
#Movie "The Angry Birds Movie 2" (2019) 
I need a streaming service that only offers old horror movies. 
I don’t watch it not because I dislike it, I am not into series TV… 
movies named after location where books were written that movies are based on 
What were the two movies? 
The office is the only show I can re watch. I notoriously only watch movies and shows onc… 
Daisy Ridley Discusses The Ending Of #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker - 
All Dog's Go To Heaven is definitely one of the best movies ever made. AMAZING JOB KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!!!!! 
Good thing he didn't. 
“is a masterpiece.” - Get tickets now:  #WatchYourself 
#RedJoan opens at #TheLandmark this Thursday night and expands to additional #LandmarkTheatres on Apr… 
It's scary considering all of the apocalyptic movies I've watched! Many species only hang around a few million year… 
I still wont watch it kak net you know i dont even watch movies that has dragons masepa fela 
What movies you watching? 
No idea only Marvel movies I've watched over the last few years have been Deadpool 
Indeed. I think hoity-toity lit mags have killed off the desire of most re… 
I grew up hearing the stories of those people who believed in the torture. I knew them through movies, books, tv an… 
Great insights and behind-the-scenes talk from Mary Winchester herself, on #Supernatural, as well a… 
We were promised life changing movies this season out of game of thrones and got that last night lmao 
Enter to win a Limited Edition Prize Pack from the over Ends 4.15.19… 
notre dame is one of disneys most underated movies 
last week's breakdown over not getting 2 see a movie bc of a tornado and then the next day being late to the movies… 
5th Place with only 25% of the votesKate Upton: Her most popular movies are The Other Woman and The Layover 
New Action Movies 2016 Adventure Movies - Myths Movies - Science Fiction Movie #2 
Hugo (2011) - The Story of the First Movies Scene (3/10) | Movieclips 
Mark why did you not tell me that your dad directed one of my favorite movies ever 
I don't pay you $15/month for lectures of what I should or shouldn't do.  keep your dumb takes to your… 
He's way cooler in the books and movies than in the films. I just like Christopher Lee lol. 
I think that’s referring to the dismissive word “chick,” the demeaning word “flick,” and th… 
Someone once said: people who hate scary movies, have little dick energy And I have yet to hear a more true statement 
10 Nightmarish Horror Movies on Netflix Full of Jump Scares #horror: Netflix is soon becoming a much better platfor… 
I know why George Lucas wanted his fights choreographed that way and I understand the re… 
Pretty sure he likes scary movies. 
Finally back to watching the Marvel movies in order lol 
Mind you, I love the show and I am in awe at the production and actors. But like with movies; the books are better 
Velociraptors were smaller than you think (and than they were portrayed in movies). They were closer… 
I'd estimate that over 1/3rd of the world's population has never seen any of those movies... 
Was 1999 The Best Year Ever For Movies? 
In movies I always get really bummed when cities or sites are destroyed, and watching Notre Dam burn feels like tha… 
So far none of them.Disney cancelled Agent Carter and inhumans didn't took off, and Defenders might… 
It won’t be fair if I say I loved #singham , but didn’t like #simba , farak mere maturity level mein aya hai I gues… 
Says who? you? not me? not anyone else using the term. It literally just means a movie targeted toward… 
Remember when summer blockbusters only happened in summer? Now we get them as early as spring! What are you excited… 
Seriously? Shut up....there’s a reason why certain movies are labeled “chick flicks”. Stop being so damn offended a… 
I prefer watching movies at my place.. I don't like Cinema 
Oh yeah I definitely hate that George killed him off. I like Christopher Lee but we real… 
Tell them you are opening up a FISA On Bernie due to his Communist movies he made and honeymooning… 
Bring back movies with out vulgarity substituting for clever dialogue, plot, and characters. Pretty people, homes, scenery. 
Who would watch a #gameofthrones recap of Seasons 1 thru 7, as told by Luis, from the #Marvel Ant-Man movies? #MCU 
3. Ronald Regan- Told Russia to F off and ended the Cold War, made some decent movies, survived assassination attem… 
PHOTOS: Scenes from the Duluth Rotary Car Show 
The problem is how African and Africa is depicted in movies and in news. It very biased and shows only negativity  
Take-out, wine and movies 
Villains who disappointed me during their Final fights.1-Ronan(GOTG1)2-Steppen Wolf(JLMovie)3-Utron(Avengers2)… 
That said, i think D is a great company. My thoughts (above) are hard… 
Hollywood knows men will watch almost anything, including "chick flicks". In fact, by studios panderin… 
This is the first time I've noticed the people on the ship. Shows you how you always learn new things wh… 
That sucks. I’m sorry about that. I have 2 pairings I love the most (lots of ships for different movi… 
STX Films’ Hustlers Set For September Release 
Not just children, families with children. Disney has really only pro… 
Now they're just broadcasting movies that they pirate 
"Let's pretend audience demographics don't exist!"No.Some movies are guy flicks. Some movies are chi… 
When movie theaters have good air conditioning and a great film, they’re the ideal spring and summer chillout spot.… 
Normally movies will be available on our Pay-Per-View service 3 months after the theater release. I am not… 
All totally spoiled daughters of rich Bollywood movies industry.All have sold their religions for fame &amp; fortune ma… 
Less than two weeks to go now! 
This isn’t a spoiler -- we’re pretty pumped about all the big summer blockbusters coming out!… 
Would you still want my money if I told you to fuck off I’ll call movies whatever I please? 
Quick PSA: Remove all Steven Seagal movies from your inventory 
Unpopular Opinion : all unpopular opinion movies are pandering and naive 
YES. a big big fan. and after, i saw Soul to Keep, a new horror film that came out on VOD. Soul to Ke… 
how about just name it, movies for those that have no balls? 
Make more gun violence movies and the be outraged by gun violence in America..... 
Well no shit foo, we talking about movies not comic books.  
WP Films is showing all their movies for free Easter week!  Help me spread the word 
Just uploaded a mukbang where I discuss Disney movies 
All CHUCKY Movies Ranked Best to Worst #horror: Chucky fans have loved the little deadly doll Chucky all the way fr… 
Our Trailer Watch Party for next semester’s films is TOMORROW in The Shack! Sit back and relax with FREE food while… 
It may only be April, but who cares? Bring on the summer movie season! 
This is the first I've heard of it, but you have good taste in movies so I'll trust you and go in totally blind. Excited! 
Romcoms are for chicks. Check your viewer data. Also (as a biased 'dude') they're objectively terrible movies that… 
4 Videos You Need to Watch Ahead of Game of Thrones Season Opener | Man of Many via 
you must tag to ask for #startrek4 not forget and and… 
For over 43 years, has brought Hollywood's best family films to keep kids entertained and cool dur… 
It really does remind me of those terrible disaster/end of the world movies that I can't bear to watch, gleefully c… 
I thought about both of those movies earlier, too. 
Too much movies!  
DVD and Blu-ray sales nearly halved over five years, MPAA report says #Movies #TV 
I hate the US military so much. So many people watch these movies uncritically and then internalize pro-military se… 
When To Expect The Full Length #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer To Come Out - 
Only Loki has a good amount to do in movies.  The rest need more attention. 
Such a beautiful day in SA. Morning at #ThabaYaBatswana and late night movie #Tinkerthemovie with my sweet teen. Au… 
Wanda and Vision because they barely do anything in Marvel movies.  They're powers are awesome and need to be better used 
I just realized, most of my #Letterboxd list of movies I recorded have films from the year 2010 onward, and have le… 
Can one be too independent? Like I do things on my own and I’m not really bothered, School , work, gym, movies, din… 
We, people, are destroying our history. Statues being torn down in the US, Paris has been burning for months… 
weed movies and boy 
Sign Petition, Show Warner Brothers, Netflix and Amazon Prime! That we support desire to make #Chuck M… 
children keep leaving crying, can parents pls screen movies for their 5 year olds 
Me with Marvel movies. 
I have never watched this show and never will! And I never watch CBS, or any o… 
So Johnny Depp Might Get Fired from the 'Fantastic Beasts' Movies #uncategorized #feedly 
#Movie "How to Seduce Difficult Women" (2009) 
We'd be alright with that. #SegundaDeTremuraSDV 
Why y’all tryna ruin our childhood movies so bad??? 
ETV had better movies. It still does along with SABC 2 and 3  
Shazam is the best superhero movie so far this #movies… 
MipTV: Canal Plus’ Maxime Saada, France TV’s Delphine Ernotte, TF1’s Gilles Pelisson Lay Out Strategy -… 
Here’s my review of Disney’s live action Beauty and the Beast. It’s also Luke Evans’ birthday, so I’ll po… 
Yea I saw her in like 3 movies. Not many voted for her so she gonna have a bad score. 
Nobody working on the recent sw movies had any clue. Here is your explanation. 
Star Wars Fans Have an Incredible Theory About What the Episode IX Title Really Means 
i think winning the masters is a great achievement for tiger. it's one of those disney channel original movies abou… 
Luke wielded it through TWO WHOLE MOVIES. It was Luke's. You're r… 
If there’s one thing I learned from horror movies: it’s that you never trust a person who goes to church. 
Spending my entire afternoon telling about my movies/series life. So addicting! 
Critic’s Pick: ‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens 
I truly don’t see this show lasting much longer. I think Issa about to focus on movies. 
The Rock makes 6-7 movies a year and we ain't skipped a season of Ballers yet 
Family Truckster replica sells for over $100,000 at Barrett-Jackson: Filed under: Humor,TV/Movies,Weird Car News,Fo… 
Yeah it is. The notre dame is famous for it's history and also for a lot of movies/stories/... The templ… 
Too many movies are art imitating or guiding life. Thanks to Pedowood DS.Imagine the movies are codes written for… 
How about speaking volume about my taste of movies/series? 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Curse of La Llorona’ Review: Horror Fans, Prepare to Feel Cursed 
Most movies are bad or at least unnecessary remakes of better movies. 
Let's join forces on what really matters - putting an end to these god awful superhero movies 
Yeah! I mean, YEAH! Because female Air Force Veterans NEVER wear makeup or do their hair!&lt; looks in the mirror, s… 
Or the good stuff always tend to be marketed badly, like i didn't see any billboards, spots or anyth… 
on that note, does anyone have any ideas for displaying and storing VHS tapes? my current solution is throwing them… 
Only in movies 
For some reason I still remember this song. Easily one of my favorite Barbie movies to this day. I t… 
First Full Look At Captain Marvel's New #AvengersEndgame Suit Revealed - 
What if for Plan A or B - they created movies to familiarize members of phases &amp; actions to… 
Dr Evil and Mini Me from the Austin Powers movies, though mini dudes sound cool too 
"Tommy Boy" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
"‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens" by BILGE EBIRI via NYT Criti… 
BILGE EBIRI picked Breakthrough as a Critics' Pick! 
‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens 
1. That scene was in BvS2. You're talking about two scenes from MOS and purposefully ignoring context.I'm convin… 
I had been feeling very burned out and negative towards the fandom and it was bleeding into my enjoyment of the mov… 
For narrative reasons I still think both of Luke’s fights with Vader are better but The… 
You forgot drinking wine. And watching Jerry Lewis movies. 
Me. I’m still catching up on 2017 movies. 
Actually the best selling books and movies are based on that formula. So the answer is yes. 
New movies have to actually look good and interesting for me to want to watch it. I don't know how good or bad th… 
I think the First Order is written like trash but the Empire in old movies/books is what… 
Bring your student ID and come out to Midnight Movies before you leave for break!  This Wednesday Vista 3 Theaters… 
Celebrating 4/20 this year? Check out these events, deals around Denver for the annual pot holiday.… 
if I can’t see movies then why am I paying you? 
From NY Times: "‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens" 
"‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens" by BILGE EBIRI via NYT The N… 
"‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens" by BILGE EBIRI via NYT… 
That's what I said to my wife. I said "That dragon look familiar to you?" She didnt know what I mea… 
The Movies in the Mountains schedule for this summer has been announced! Get ready for 7 nights of free family fun!… 
I love going to the movies, restaurant, arcade alone. 
Breaking video news: ‘Breakthrough’ Review: A Remarkable Story of Survival, Told Through a Religious Lens" via NYT… 
noah centineo really loves to act in roles of fake dating people and then actually falling in love with them but i… 
Several instances of amnesia from head trauma, honestly I just got stoned and meditated while watch… 
Those free movies and games were the best! 
For some reason I dnt see Insecure lasting too much longer. Issa bouta glo up and leave that show behind for movies 
Yep! The only siren we have close to us is 15 minutes away driving and it’s… 
Such an AMAZING movie! Thank you for this incredible love story, not a lot of movies (South Africa… 
Lol i know this is how i feel about all the Marvel comic movies and atje "Star" wars/trek s… 
Great to see that Noah Centino has settled in to his role as the local Netflix hot throb for all predictable movies. 
Shemp came in later to replace Curly, who suffered a stroke. Shemp was actual… 
Romantic movies annoy me, nxe! 
Why horror movies hold the key to great filmmaking via 
IFF Panama: The Dominican Republic Builds as a Production Hub - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I agree. I saw trailers multiple times at Alamo Drafthouse movies and they made me entirel… 
As technology advances, so must we. For all things #LeonIssacKennedy log on to the new improved… 
Luke wasn't "minimized", he's been an integral part of both ST movies… 
I loved The Next Generation.Also, the new movies. Love them, love the new Spock. 
Game of Thrones S8E1 HD      #movies #movie #MovieReview  #moviepass #TVSeries #TVShow… 
Movies at 3am 
It’s a short film, but it actually might be the most bizzare thing I’ve ever seen. David Lynch movies ca… 
#Movie "The Man with Two Brains" (1983) 
One of my recent favorite movies. I watched it a few days ago, and now I can’t stop rewatching it, lol. Probably Ji… 
The movies aren't very good. 
Binge watching series/movies. 
I spend most of my days playing a 2D wrestling/fighting game that I have ample amounts of… 
I can't wait for this to come out! "Amy Poehler's 'Wine Country' Looks Like a Hilarious Romp Through Napa"… 
Earn points while seeing your favorite movies, and turn those points into cash. Our #CinépolisUSA Rewards Program… 
Lol movies will someday be made, about the life of Kim Kardashian.Your children and grandchildren will watch them… 
some movies just shouldn’t be live action  
noooooo they re relaunching #thematrix movies! sure 2 &amp; 3 movie had some bumps but still great. 
Do you like to go to see movies in the theatre alone or with someone?#movies #movietheatre #poll 
I asked my local Costco and corporate to quit playing violent or Rated R movies on their TVs they were… 
Contact is one of my all time favorite movies.  You were great in it. 
Are you ready for it? 
please make movies of all Spy novelists such as David Ignatius, Robert Littell, Charles McCarry, and thril… 
We mainly use for kids shows. Movies if they have them, or we’ll pay to rent if it’s… 
What is Taylor Swift hinting at? How many Star Wars movies are there at this point? 
Lisa, he is Robert Osborne, the host on Turner Classic Movie channel. He always tal… 
Dani: that’s cool patch! Brie is an inspiration! I never seem to feel satiated with spending… 
BAD GUYS ARE OUT THERE...#newworldorder #riseofthedarkprince #featurefilm #movies #action #thriller #producer… 
Did you miss last week's combined concert? Don't worry, some AMAZING photos... check them out … 
Michelle Yeoh Joins the Avatar Sequels  #SegundaDeTremuraSDV 
Really dude? I haven’t even seen the die hard movies yet. 
Maybe I’ll get my nails done today instead of movies. 
When I think of Notre Dame, I think of this scene from Before Sunset (one of my all-time favorite movies). 
I watched one too many heartbreaking movies today 
This is the kind of 12-dimensi… 
Get unlimited entertainment of sports, news, shows, and movies for the whole family, with a powerful HD DV. Learn m… 
If you were going to go to the movies alone, what would be the perfect film for you to watch by yourself? I like… —… 
Hobbies? — Movies movies movies movies and exercise 
Here Are The Movies Coming To Netflix This Week (April 15-21) 
and you can't fight the tears that ain't comingOr the moment of truth in your liesWhen everything feels like the… 
At least Phantom Menace had practical sets and a dope climax. Unlike the other two movie… 
If you like fantasy books/shows/movies, you like it. If you aren’t interested in the genre, you still m… 
I had someone stick up for me and then they told them I could never be their plus one to any movies they’re invited to 
"Ad:" DVDs Horror 8 Movies  FlyingTreasures 
I’m trying to get on the press list for screenings in my area. I’ve been denied 3 years in a row and they… 
I don't like Revenge Of The Sith at all anymore. All three of those movies have gotten w… 
Are you remembering the movies you’ve seen as time goes by or do you just look through a list?? I can’t im… 
Which Is Your Favorite Closing Line In Film? For me, it is Seven's closing line. #Movies #TV 
Have you ever been watching a movie, thought it was average or even bad, but then something happened that made ever… 
Box Office Week: Shazam! holds #1 with $25.1M. Little opens okay at #2 with $15.5M. Hellboy bombs at #3 with $12M.… 
Looking for some fun, family friendly entertainment this summer? Check out Springdale Parks and Recreation's line u… 
Have you heard ‘We Obsess Over Movies | Ep.05 | Blade’ by WOOM on #SoundCloud? #np 
take note of viewer's comments....! Stop playing and repeating old movies asseblief  
Lots of celebrities have had a cameo in #GameofThrones. Do you know who have been some of these special guests?… 
Here’s how to watch Star Wars online, so the Force will always be with you 
Listen to her, she knows what she's talking about because it keeps happening to her fa… 
Top 10 Most Pirated Movies of The Week on BitTorrent – 04/15/19 
Yeah. Everybody's an expert. Paris firefighters are always on standby with waterbombing h… 
Reading or watching movies helps me. I almost always get a spark. Hope it helps  
I've been a few times, but there's not much I'm willing to pay good money for. I need better movies. 
Little brother and I are going to spend Friday evening dog-sitting and watching Marvel movies in anti… 
What I Learned About Love From American Movies - Is it normal to use someone's shower on the first date? According… 
6 filmmaking tips from  Luca Guadagnino1. Good movies come from the unconscious2. Coverage is for cowards3. Make… 
Goodbye Notre Dame, a beautiful monument and the inspiration for one of my favorite movies (Hunchback of Notre Dame) 
STX Films’ Horror Pic Countdown Adds Seven To Cast 
You are missing out :). . BalckDat is a service, that allows you to stream, rent and view the latest movie… 
#EastTexas #forsale #dvds #Quitman #movies62 New &amp; Used DVD's.Pick up only.Must take all the movies. 
Idk, Netflix has a ton of original shows and movies, which also get released to DVD eventually. I a… 
It really is but all DC movies are....spark died with The Dark Knight trilogy 
Me too is it a game or movies or what ? 
Nope! Let everyone love what they love. We all fangirl/boy over something--sports, books, movies, tv… 
Lunch with this #averyway fantastic 4th grader today. We talked about: baking, Iceland, Marvel movies , and remode… 
Psych is making movies maybe put in for a scrubs movie what do you say 
DEMOCRATS CONTINUING #INVESTIGATIONS AND NOT FIXING #ImmigrationReform AND OTHER REAL ISSUES IS ABOUT EQUIVALENT AS… 
Heads Up! Movies Wed+Fri This Week!Wed &gt; #DisneynaturePenguins #Kalank sel. loc.Fri&gt;… 
Are youI have never had it I thought it was all movies lol 
Did anyone else catch in this interview with Pattinson that he said Christopher Nolan's new film is "the length of… 
I love her performance art, and I adore movies like Mask and Moonstruck. She is smart, self possessed and funny. Bu… 
give the man a break, he in the trenches of Africa and just tryna watch some movies  
Follow your timeline very different from dragon ball GT. that dragon ball GT stays in the timeline of the movies. please 
In most outdoor entertainment spaces, rain showers bring the party inside, but in this exterior A/V paradise, the f… 
One of the best movies ever. 
Lawyer Breaks Down 30 Courtroom Scenes From Film &amp; TV | WIRED Lucy Lang, Executive Director, Institute For Innovat… 
Who doesn't love going to the movies? #movies #blog #amwriting #freecontent 
"Your choice should always be informed by your interests, so immerse yourself in books, television, movies, and any… 
There's alot of artists worldwide that get thier music streamed yet they don't get playe… 
#Movie "The Big Caper" (1957) 
Last night I went back and watched a 80s horror movie one that I for some reason never watched god I miss these old… 
World disaster movies always start like this. 
SO PERFECT  Reserve your seats for now playing: #MakeItICONIC 
Sorry I know it's a sad day for fans of super old buildings, but it's a big day for fans of making jokes about 90s… 
fire stick does not play any movies in South Africa. Getting error 5505...please advice. 
Cinema Recall Podcast: Comparing Old and New Pet Sematary Movies Which is your favorite?… 
it's hard to get into the music though as good as the singers are, just because the VAs and singers are different p… 
Anthony (Allegedly Sometime in the past):"Ive handled documents written by presiden… 
There is something singularly comforting about Elvis movies; I think it's the wiggling and wasting of time. 
Pulp Fiction is one of the best movies I’ve ever seen. 10/10 would recommend 
We're all #ForTheThrone but before that let's catch a movie!  Catch Hampstead on M-Net Movies Premiere… 
Mark Ruffalo Filmed An Alternate Ending For #AvengersInfinityWar Where He Dies - 
We're all #ForTheThrone but before that let's catch a movie!  Catch Hampstead on M-Net Movies Premiere Ch… 
That did it!  I'm not reading any more of your posts!  I'm sick of people spoiling movies!  (JK).  
Yeah, but I still loved it nonetheless. I love how all three of these movies stand out on their own.… 
I’ve spent 3 hours and 20 minutes last week watching TV &amp; Movies. Calculate your time on Simkl #Simkl 
Hahahaah and you are not into these kind of movies hhaahahaJust smile and wave TumiJust smile and wave 
trying to book movies and still can't. I sent DM, emails, and still no answer. Y do you charge us a yea… 
I watched The Phantom Menace 20th Anniversary panel, its awesome that they gave time to the visual effects team, I… 
Me in 2 weeks sitting at the movies 45 minutes early for #AvengersEndgame 
We're all #ForTheThrone but before that let's catch a movie!  Catch Hampstead on M-Net Movies Premie… 
We're all #ForTheThrone but before that let's catch a movie!  Catch Hampstead on M-Net Movies Prem… 
We're all #ForTheThrone but before that let's catch a movie!  Catch Hampstead on M-Net Movies Pre… 
But most of those movies didnt do well at the box office despite good reviews which is why I ask 
Watching all three Mighty Ducks movies today and wondering why it took until D3 for someone to realize Goldberg was a terrible goalie. 
Joey slipping as usual. Stop adulting and watch movies… 
Fast and furious movies WERE ALL awful. Come me. No ordinary car can do that shit. 
Watch Online Game of Thrones S8E1 HD     #movies #movie #MovieReview  #moviepass #TVSeries… 
 le one!!!! OMG, We have two movies to watch le pasta date 
Pizza, wine and movies with  
I ate a whole thing of cinnamon rolls for dinner last night. I didn’t even put them on a plate... just brought the… 
Two movies late, but accurate XD 
Why do people bitch about things like books, movies, art. music, etc being created for money?  "Sell Out" is just a… 
Committing to watching a TV show is too much of an investment. I'll stick to movies 
Oh yeah,  we would have been all bleary eyed at the Midnight movies and AM Mad Love. Some Day! 
Just in case anyone forgot, there are going to be 4 more Avatar movies that are going to be released until 2025. No… 
Watch BTS Perform ‘Shallow,’ Shout Out Halsey April 15, 2019 10:35AM PTThe boys of BTS… 
Why is the Snyder Cut the biggest concern here when they could just make better movies? 
Happened to came across this movie yesterday and recorded it. Nice to see that you still kickin… 
Avengers: Endgame Gets Striking UK Exclusive Posters  #SegundaDeTremuraSDV 
They’re good. The last two are animated movies, though. The first one is based on a true story about… 
In most cases it doesn't even mean actual funding, just permission to have US milit… 
Tip:Get her dress Cook for her Get wine Play nice music Watch movies and cuddle her while she layi… 
Issa Rae Presents Is Learning to Make Her Big Voice Heard in today's The New York Times #IssaRae 
i love marvels, them movies b fye af idc 
ASLA Minnesota | Movies + Sketching! - 
Lol come on just three movies? 
Movies/TV need to understand that men who are covered in blood from a battle are 1000x more attractive than some du… 
Pure, unadulterated bullshit propaganda!  Go back to making movies and leave government to people who c… 
I complain about how movies use too much CGI, but then I see something like this and...I prefer crappy CGI. xD 
Me: You know if we were in A Quiet Place, Bird Box or any of those movies, you be the reason we’d die.Bae: How?!… 
Life Lesson #1: Give It All You've Got! #MissingLink - now playing: #MakeItICONIC… 
This heartwarming movie is perfect to watch before the action of #GoT!  Watch it on M-Net Movies Premie… 
Everything I Know About Love, I Learned From American Movies via 
The Cubs' hangout spot will offer free live music, fitness classes, outdoor movies, a French market and other event… 
The level of toxic fandom makes me reluctant to label myself a fan of the series. I… 
Natalie Dormer (Margaery Tyrell) is in both. She’s only in the last two Hunger Games movie… 
I don't remember which of you asked, but here are the movies I've given 5 stars so far… 
Earth's Mightiest Heroes Blast Off Into Space In New #AvengersEndgame TV Spot - 
Lol. You know how Nigerian movies  end where the 2 bad guys meet and their eyes Jam.... 
Keanu Reeves Was Put in Fox Movie Jail For a Decade After Turning Down ‘Speed 2’ He was wis… 
Three movies. Stay up late. #JohnWick #JohnWick3 
I'd like to see a movie with ... I know Joe doesnt like the… 
That's a wrap! #SegundaDeTremuraSDV 
Still one of my favourite movies Bryanston 
I would assume the excuse is that the percentage of old men footing the bills for these movies hasn't changed either... 
This heartwarming movie is perfect to watch before the action of #GoT!  Watch it on M-Net Movies P… 
Seriously. I can name like 5 blockbuster movies in the last few years that engage w… 
Mark Hamill Hilariously Confirms Luke’s #StarWars Fate - 
Do you guys at #DStv watch the movies y'all put out for people to watch or y'all also chilling on Netflix like everyone else? 
I know Cillian Murphy from the movies I've seen, an excellent actor, but as a DJ… 
I love how in scary movies the person yells "Hello?" As if the killer is going to be like "yeah I'm in the kitchen want a sandwhich?"  
anything? ok! tell me your top 5 favorite tv series,… 
Based on the previous two movies, everyone is pretty sure that some more of the original #StarWars crew will die in… 
There's this view in #Hollywood that women &amp; minorites should only direct movies for women &amp; minorites. It is ridic… 
Love his books and movies. Let's not forget wonderful series Justified that was based on his books. 
hello canada, i have a golden chance for you . you can seen  your movies  any were any time . only submit your cred… 
While we may not be leading fully automated lives like the characters in futuristic movies and sci-fi novels, new t… 
Filming on #AvengersEndgame was so secretive Brie Larson had "no idea" what she was shooting -… 
Any good movies or shows? 
it be me get all the hard movies for this side . bet 
Today's Throwback: The Machine Girl (2008) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: Maimed while seeking revenge, a gir… 
I guess I'll have to get in this LOL my two favorite movies Star Trek 2009 in… 
Remember This: Demons (1985) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: A group of people are trapped in a large movie th… 
Um... DCEU has released two whole movies that were almost good. This is the best things have ever bee… 
I’ve never had a desire for Lord of the Rings or Hobbit type movies either. I believe this is much different. 
Like how many of these have you even HEARD of, none the less seen:… 
Laughter is a type of scream. It's the same part of the brain. My brain takes it a step further. I la… 
The big question: Will the movie Brink be available to stream? The GOAT of Disney Channel Original movies! 
#Movie "Love American Skin" (2013) 
All the more reason we thank SAG-AFTRA for recognizing Thrasher Road for women-driven filmmaking and encourage bold… 
Someone suggested to me that if the only thing a story has going for it is the surpr… 
Apparently there are a lot of good journalism movies that I’ve never seen. 
You know how the family loves to get together and watch home movies? Well, our whole MVA family will enjoy getting… 
Flip through the Spring '19 Website Compass magazine for weather forecasting resources to keep prepared for storms… 
We're all #ForTheThrone but before that let's catch a movie!  Catch Hampstead on M-Net Movies Premi… 
During the 1973-74 season, ORU men’s basketball finished 1 win away from the Final Four. ORU’s Cinderella story is… 
Looking for something to keep you going before #GoT?  Try Hampstead on M-Net Movies Premiere Ch104 at 8p… 
This was an excellent podcast. While I'm not betting on biopics "saving" rock, or returning it to its… 
Greatest Car Movies Ever Made:  
Good idea. My nephew at 7 can crack any passcode and his mom is… 
Cozy up on the couch tonight with Hampstead  before #GoT starts! Watch it on M-Net Movies Premiere… 
"I'm kind of a homebody. I like to sit at home and watch movies and eat good food." -- Emilie de Ravin #QOTD 
This heartwarming movie is perfect to watch before the action of #GoT!  Watch it on M-Net Movies Premiere… 
These are all in my personal top 10 movies of all time. They each feature actors you know or writers/… 
Actress Bibi Andersson died aged 83: Actress Berit Elisabeth Andersson, known… 
question: I live in Belgium and sometimes movies that are played in theaters in the US are not played h… 
Kid’s all time favorite superhero in mass is hands down… 
There are some huge new movies coming out and the Outlook has six, in particular, they're excited for. 
Beware of witch hunts and the lynching mob mentality. It just takes one person to change the motives to violence an… 
So was Nathan Hamill Anything about the Disney movies is far too much, and I guess everything they s… 
We chilling watching movies 
This heartwarming movie is perfect to watch before the action of #GoT!  Watch it on M-Net Movies Pre… 
Just a girl watching a girl who makes awesome movies #juliaroberts #NottingHill #justagirl #hughgrant 
I love to learn new things and am kinda a jack of all trades but master of none haha. But some favorite h… 
The Lobster is one of the more absurd and abstract movies we've tackled thus far. Here's a breakdown from a… 
I don't get all worked up about upcoming movies.**Send from my phone while sitting in my tent in front of the movie theater** 
What’s a movie that gets a lot of hate that you don’t think it deserves? #Movies #TV 
Name a criticism of one of your favorite movies #Movies #TV 
I love dogs! So heres my Isle of Dogs painting! #Movies #TV 
*previews begin**40 minutes of booming noises and flashing lights, advertising movies called shit like The Righte… 
Movies ahead of football matches anyway anytime. 
There are two guys talking about movies at length at the restaurant I'm at and I'm silently going crazy not being a… 
Rock as we knew it was dead. Bad movies won’t bring it back, unfortunately. 
Anyone still remember "lips" ice cream parlour in South gate mall by the movies? 
Esimeni esifana naleso I just lock myself up, watch movies till I sleep (especially Marvel movies) 
This is so awesome! One of my favorite movies getting a reboot! 
#BohemianRhapsody zooms past $900M at the global box office - 
We're bringing back some of your favorite movies to talk about things you've probably never noticed every single we… 
Anyone wanna give me movies? I’ve got a usb ready  
What I need to feel like I ain't broke is power supply with movies and social media....take the bore away. 
Come see us today on the Quad from 10am-3pm at the Spring BBQ! We are giving out free movies passes to the downtown… 
I liked the movie captain Marvel, I'm almost exhausted of so many super heroe movies but I still like to watch the special effects. 
I want sequels of these movies#RowdyRathore#Baby#Mohra#PhirHeraPheri#NamasteLondon(Original sir pls  
My husband won't watch scary movies with me either.  
Cuanta presión i hardly talk about movies but omg ilysm  
So if you were going to watch a movie and it was 58 minutes including end credits wouldn't you call that episode 1… 
Lol....I hear your tweets like the sound of the voice that the teacher makes on Charlie Brown/Pean… 
Hey guys "Sgt. Stubby: An American Hero" is on sale as part of the easter sale on vudu. Such a sweet film #sgtstubby 
Lol....I hear your tweets like the sound of the voice that the teacher makes on Charlie Brown/Peanuts movies. Mowaa… 
Listening to review Game of Thrones is amazing. He should review more movies and shows.  
X-Men: #DarkPhoenix Expected To Bomb At The Box Office - 
Everyone's talking about #GOT today, which has us thinking about book adaptations! Below is a list of some to watch… 
I love movies like Black Summer, but the acting is atrocious 
On the new episode of Surprising Yet Inevitable, and I discuss all ten Star Wars movies,  ranked from… 
'Avengers: Endgame' Being Called "One of the Biggest Movies of Our Lifetime", Theater Chains Adding Additional Show… 
&amp; to the bitch talking bout take me to the movies hell you gone have to pick him up  I’ll slap that ho down too just for tryna be funny ! 
Also a difference between “this thing is bad” and “this thing is problemat… 
The Best Movies From Each State: Ohio's movies rule and Oklahoma's movies SUCK. Vote here 
Watch Atlas Shrugged.We can both point to movies that show positive/negative… 
I don't subscribe to the drill premise.  The metadata to 1000s of images associated wit… 
Lmao SABC and recycling the same movies for the past 25 years FOH  
Top 5 Movies Starring the Terrible Satan #horror: Here are my picks for the best movies starring Satan as the villa… 
Went to Target to get Aquaman on Blu-Ray, left with 5 movies and a giant bouncy ball. 
One of my VERY favorite movies. My old stomping grounds. LAX. 
Top 10 movies of all time.  #backtothefuture     Anyone seen #Readyplayerone ?   Good follow up.  Not… 
A movie is normally singular. A series refers to a number of short shows that are… 
Here's how the Emperor factors into things. 
This hellboy lacked everything gdt’s had. Vision, heart, direction. It was one of the worse movies I… 
unpopular opinion: robots is one of the most underrated movies 
'Star Wars' movies to take hiatus after episode IX 
Great 2000s Movies to Stream Right Now #TVGuide #EvanTheShow 
Did you love teen movies from the 90's? Would you love to revel in that nostalgia one more time? Come... 
Look, I will stop crying about how good the Wonder Woman battle scenes are when that standard is the norm for movies with female leads. 
Mzansi voshol - Digging up old movies 
Everyone else: *gets in a relationship*me: *binge watches horror movies in my room 24/7 alone, screaming at the characters* 
We got down in Nashville! And by that I mean we smoked all the weed, ate some BBQ and had alota laughs Thanks to… 
Like Disney do you really have to ruin another one of my favorite childhood movies? Like can we don't? 
do u guys prefer keanu as the GOOD person in movies or as a villain? 
You can watch MCU movies 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' — Is Rey Luke's Daughter? - Hollywood Reporter 
Ian McShane confident the #JohnWick franchise can continue for another 10 years - 
He did say he was ready 2b done acting but that's not… 
This may come as a shock to some people, but I haven't watched more than one episode. Don't have cabl… 
Haha, love the Back To The Future movies No, she was just dumb  
I guess you haven’t noticed that ‘Aunt Becky’ has made a fortune producing Hallmark… 
Checkout the trailer for Girls of the Sun, a movie based on a true story. more true st… 
I look at the content list not really impressed, I’m not bearish on Dis but if they combined Dis+ wit… 
 Yal watch too many movies 
I paired a few faves with some streaming documentaries! Latest for — 
Spectrum tv is who we ju… 
we are tired of your reclying movies and ridiculous prices going up. Bring us something new and fresh. 
People are terrified by all the Jurassic Park movies and the go adopt the direct descendants… 
Guess who will be cooking on live TV today for the very first time? This guy! I'm so used to talking about movies,… 
It’s Zack Hemsey - The Way ( pretty popular inspirational instrumental track, in lots of movies ) 
Favorite anime movie you have seen? — I have not seen very many anime movies but my favorite currently is spirited… 
Star Wars? There used to be a bunch of Star Wars movies when I was a kid. I didn't realize they're s… 
more musical movies please aaacccckkkkk 
Me after I watch any movies about singer/music groups 
ive never even seen starwars how bad r the movies i wanna watch them with i 
BookLovers: If you love Game of Thrones, youll crave these books - 
Looks like a serious storm is approaching Johannesburg  .Let’s see what movies has for us tonight. .… 
Scott Pilgrim vs The World is one of the best comic book movies of all time. 
From 'The Perfect Date' to the worst date - dishes on her new Netflix 
The lighter side of horror movies #aww #cute 
Check out our definitive list of the nine most important movies for content marketers. If you’re in the business an… 
John Boyega Says Finn Is Part Of A Love Pentagon In #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker - 
You know that you're super bored when you start watching movies like 'The Perfect Date' X'D 
dey playing old movies nje 
Didn't wake up this morning and can't wait to watch #GoT?  Why not warm yourself up with Hampstead befo… 
Work gets in the way of too much fun in my opinion, lol. Not that I do anything exciting but I would mu… 
Denzel Washington is probably my favorite actor other than Will Smith and Leonardo DiCaprio, that being said of all… 
Check out The Lake House DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Uh ... haven't we all seen movies about this - humans don't fare very #ai… 
Maybe I’ll go to the movies  
#Movie "Holiday Heart" (2000) 
Speaking of ufotable or type moon stuff, have you watched Kara no Kyoukai? Long 7 movies but def something worth… —… 
This is so cool behind the scenes of my favorite movies The Wolf of Wallstreet  
When Does the Zombie Movie Starring Adam Driver, Selena Gomez, and Bill Murray Come Out? - The Cheat Sheet… 
I also feel like team-up movies are kinda cheating. Like, of course Infinity War and Avengers are g… 
Cher opens up about love, life and her legendary costumes 
We rarely went to the movies as a kid. I did go to see Star Wars in 1977 though. 
Americans like “winners” and come back stories bc it mimics what is shown in movies and T… 
Praise God for these movies 
Why do we keep going back to #StudioGhibli movies when there is so much great #Anime out there? 
It's time to finish the fight. 
Cozy up on the couch tonight with Hampstead! Watch it on M-Net Movies Premiere Ch104 at 8pm or on #DStvNow:… 
Aw, why now? Those movies have been out for years. If people are mad about spoilers they've had ample time to watch them. 
For some reason we're giving more time to spit his ridiculous takes. At least this isn't about sports… 
Have you checked out the book sale going on in Levitt Library right now? They're also selling movies, music and mag… 
I’ve gone to the movies to see an epic film and left disappointed thinking I could stay home and j… 
Does this mean no more Predator movies  on the topic list? 
My favorite scene from one of the best baseball movies ever.  
Americans used to flee law enforcement at home by going to Mexico. It was so common… 
Thank goodness for YouTube. I absolutely love going on there and watching movies. 
Imagine watching one of those 4-D movies and it’s Infinity War and every time someone turns to dust, they blow dus… 
Why do scary movies and especially zombie movies/shows create stupid people who don't have common sense ever. 
Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: New Merch from Toydarian Toymaker, Creature Stall &amp;amp; Black Spire Outfitters - /FILM… 
Facebook ‘likes’ could be turned off for British children | Science &amp; Tech News #ethereum #picoftheday #movies… 
Hahaha so true...any of the animals die in movies I cry....even when fictional animals die in movies 
#Godzilla: King Of The Monsters Will Bring Original New Kaiju To The #Monsterverse 
-tino' is master of th tired old cliche. Tho his cliche'$ along w his vast bag of pyrotechnics, ca… 
Variety Hires Mackenzie Nichols as Staff Writer Mackenzie Nichols is joining Variety as… 
When Black Panther came out I was so thrilled and I just had to go see it. And of course being a huge fan of movie… 
I mean, they're integral to all 3 very good movies of the franchise, so I wouldn't say they were squande… 
I have, Joseph! Twice actually. My review is below, but it's honestly a blast. Probably gonna be one o… 
I've seen 3 outta the 7 you listed, so thank you for giving me 4 more scary movies to enjoy!  
I've never seen Game of Thorns, Harry Potter, or The HobbitNot sure why, never got into fantasy movies I guessN… 
For anyone hesitant to see #UnPlanned movie due to the 'R' 
Timothy Zahn is Planning More Star Wars Books, Teases Thrawn Tetralogy at Star Wars Celebration - /FILM… 
I can sit there and enjoy Venom, The Meg, &amp; Hellboy. I’m not saying their these really good movies but… 
We could make a movie from this content. Heck maybe several movies.I’ve been saying this since Hann… 
Even though we have our very own movie theater at Ridgewood we still love to go experience the magic of the movies! 
I just want to lay in bed and watch Ghibli movies 
Heat is the  of heist movies. 
Media (music, movies, games, etc) have always made easy scapegoats for violence because it's easier then dealing wi… 
Yep, LOL some just suck ass like 'Million Dollar Baby' flipped the ending and ruined one of the best mov… 
I don't know that any of my expenses are extravagance for folks who make a lot of money, but I do pay for al… 
New movies. New movies. Sleepover type of vibe 
I miss Hollywood Video. Not the other chain, good riddance but I truly miss having that wide selec… 
You are just stirring up hatred in order to sell your movies...Your nonsense identity politics will backfi… 
I promised my sister I would take her to the movies to watch Endgame but I remembered it's 3 freaking hours of movie. I don't know what 2 do 
Ha re etseng a girls night and binge watch movies  
Your page is now not available- here was the comment I tryed to post- hope Im not responsable for taking… 
I saw and enjoyed the new main movies but I couldn’t tell you a single thing that happened in them 
I haven’t heard “can it” since 1940s gangster movies, hahah 
How about I clean that house woth you instead of this one?I low key want to watch the cube movies, bu… 
Katherine Jenkins to make acting debut in Johnny Depp's Minamata. - 
It is Berra-esque but it is one of the great lines from one of my favorite movies, "Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th… 
You've just summerized my opinion on the film industry's issues with the box office (though I might… 
so yesterday I had to order HBO.... ya know for game of thrones.... so I go looking in the movies that… 
So excited!!! Love 's movies!!! 
its sad how bad this series of movies has been. X2 is brilliant. The the first X Men and Days of Future Past are go… 
Link: … Why are there shades of blue eyes that are lighter and others more darker? #film… 
ask other channels no. these guys r new slowly they r doing hinditamil movies r low… 
De Niro Threatens Republicans: ‘We’re Not Gonna Forget’ You Supported Trump okay. W… 
Cody Maverick from the movie "Surf's Up"Still one of my favorite childhood movies. 
One thing horror movies have taught me is that you should never read out loud. 
For, it is up there with Strictly Ballroom (‘I’ve got my Happy Face on!!”) and Priscilla, the Queen… 
“Let’s spin one persons emotional attachment and love for a series into something we can insult men… 
I wanna lay up watching movies, eating good food taking breaks to get nasty.  
I SHRIEKED when the child walker started screaming. Years of horror movies did not prepare me for that. 
Hi  question for you.   Have you been in any movies that have entered into the public do… 
They want him gone. 
SABC doesn’t respect us hey. How many times do we have to watch old movies that are on repeat every year? 
Theater Chains To Add New Showtimes For #AvengersEndgame - 
SPOILER ALERT These are the most important events of  #GameOfThrones final season's first episode. #got #CCGoT 
This friday is like the first friday in forever I dont have work at the clinic... and i want to go to the movies...… 
This ending won’t be like those in the Hallmark movies.  
"The Day The Earth Stood Still" is not on this 
Ekse is Mortal Kombat and The Dark Knight, the only movies you guys have? 
Where reading 7 books (though let's face it a lot of these people only watched the movies) didn't somehow make a hu… 
Hai nina stop playing with other kids!!!!! Update your Movies sies man 
Looking forward to this one... of course we are! #ilovepenguins #Penguins #movies 
you don’t worry about a thing because chess is stress and movies are meant to scene, Sometimes life should be look… 
Challenger for Katko, Flashy freshmen highlight spring game (Good Morning CNY for April 15) -… 
Make this public~ it deserves a retweet!! &gt;Producers of violent movies… 
White Hollywood can make a movie about bank robbing and drug dealing and it becomes popular. But when black Hollywo… 
ME TOO! I can’t wait for the last few episodes, they’re basically movies they’re so long  
#JohnWick makes #GunFu look easy  Watching Parabellum is ‘na be so much fun  #Legendary #Entertainment #Movies 
I had to turn off Kacey Musgraves radio this morning after I googled “movies where girl moves back home and falls in love with cowboy” /: 
Awe, I didn’t realize he and I had the same bday. Now I have another reason I’ve liked his m… 
Nooooo!! Do you have any movies to watch?  Games to play? 
Erin Really enjoyed your movie “Chance at Romance” with .  I’m sure the new movie with… 
Here’s how a regulator plans to break DStv's stranglehold – including letting it buy only half the movies Hollywood… 
Before Beyonce: the concert films that blazed a trail for the superstar's 'Homecoming' - The National… 
1997 is the greatest year for moviesThat year has so many classic movies 
I do. A 20 year old and 23 year old daughters. They would watch them I just never did or only caught pie… 
'On the Basis of Sex' and 'Vice' now on DVD and Blu-ray - 
From the same town and still quotes his movies on the regular!  
The Rock is very talented but I'm definitely not feeling the type of movies that he's making. Movies like Boyz N Th… 
My dreams be way too much for me  They feel like movies. 
I cry at movies bc i am strong OKAY 
SABC1 ya re tella hle, in 2019 nagana  there are so many local movies out and we don't see any of them. Mare they… 
For #MondayMotivation on Patriots Day, checkout these patriots who deserve movies  William Hirashima… 
A lot of good films for movies buff to look forward to 
Kimi No Na Wa is fr one of the best anime movies I have ever seen. So fucking good! 
I saw it had been added to google play movies, I still need to watch it. 
I just want to watch scary movies with the loml  
I miss old Disney channel Original moviesSome of my faves:- Lemonade Mouth- HSM- Cheetah Girls: One World-… 
Well we are tied as of now. Lol. Never seen any of those either. I have never seen 95 percent of famous Disney movies either. 
Hellboy is a nightmare cowboy. He is both the horse and the rider. He wears a duster and drinks whiskey from the bo… 
#Netflix is announcing its Q1 results tomorrow! They continue to see strong growth, and now have over 139M paying s… 
#movieworld#GamefThronesWatch best action movies 
#Movie "Larry the Cable Guy's Star-Studded Christmas Extravaganza" (2008) 
 I am thinking of your mother today and remembering her. Her beauty came through. I did not know her but sh… 
One of my favorite all time movies right there... 
Watch best action movies 
New Orleans Jazz Fest's 50 top headliners from 1970 to 2019 - 
My coworker is one of those people who goes out of their way to mention that they don’t like anything that’s popula… 
So what's the moron gonna do about it, quit making bad movies? 
It’s definitely got quite a bit of gore, but I don’t like violence/gore that much and hate scary/s… 
This is a sick man. I used to watch all his movies. Now. I would burn them all!  He… 
Watch #AvengersEndgame Star Brie Larson Threaten Josh Brolin -  #SegundaDeTremuraSDV 
How many movies u watched ? 
NHNE HIGHLY Recommended Near-Death Experience Books &amp; #neardeathexperiences 
search for the topic you want, then click save/download when done, and pull t… 
I just finished watching #deuces. I've always loved these types of black movies or hood movies as they're called. I… 
Well, still waiting for #Spider-Man 2more movies! 
Events This Week: "The Ballad of Lefty &amp; Crabbe" returns to this Friday, April 19th!… 
I had a great chat w/ composer Benjamin Wallfisch about his work on 'Shazam!', which was inspired by 80s adventure… 
We have an extensive collection of classic movies on DVD. But I'm at the point that I seldom watch on… 
My mom always says "hey, I think your dad wants to watch that, will you take him?" She's not into… 
I am a bad person for seeing all of Laika's movies on streaming. 
Okay....I agree with 2 out of 3, but I really do like the Marvel movies.  
Watch #AvengersEndgame Star Brie Larson Threaten Josh Brolin - 
#WhatIf dinosaurs didn't sound like they do in movies? What sound do you think they made? Like our page and comme… 
Don’t ask why, cuz I won’t have an answer but I don’t ever include any of the dark knight or Batman, anything (comi… 
"In 'The Seventh Seal' (1957), Ms. Andersson played a gentle, young medieval-era wife and mother who was part of a… 
Thank you for everything, Laura!! Jealous you can soend time watching movies today. 
I hate it when TV shows and movies do that. 
Low key really tired of seeing the “Pink News” on snapchat talking about how there’s isn’t more gay characters in m… 
BURBS MAGAZINE #001 IS OUT NOW‼‼‼ We’re super excited to get this out to everyone, 47-pages of hoops, music, mov… 
There TV show are going have the actual actors from mo… 
As cheesy as Rocky movies are, the line “body says stop, spirit cries never” always stuck with me. 
all these “new” movies that be coming out are nothing but remakes of 40-50 year old films 
Cozy up on the couch tonight with Hampstead  before #GoT starts! Watch it on M-Net Movies Premier… 
De niro, stick to the movies and let DO a GREAT JOB! 
Hey Courtney you have some outfits left from your past movies? 
What genre of shows do you like or movies? 
Everybody's a dreamerAnd everybody's a starAnd everybody's in moviesIt doesn't matter who you are 
Daniel Hegarty: ‘Soldier B’ to be prosecuted over teenager’s murder in 1972 | UK News #royalty #unitedkingdom… 
Create a Marvel Movies Tier List via 
70 YEAR OLD NOVELIST IAN MCEWAN: i don’t like star warsME: okay facepalm? twitter drag this man. genre fiction is… 
Can't see how people are excited for this. The last two… 
Experience Pass provides access to culture, art Broomfield has plenty to offer by way of fu… 
It is now Tradition in the USA to stone people we hate (subject in many movies) if they try to go before them to sp… 
I wouldn't date a dude anyways, but if I were with a friend and they admitted to watching superhero… 
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is one of the funniest and saddest movies in the MCU. 
Black Widows different looks in the early MCU movies 
I just want a female that I can treat right lay up watch movies ,go out to dinner or order take out . babe let me treat you like a queen 
10 Non-Marvel Movies That A Ton Of Marvel Characters Starred In 
A short thread about pushing back against the typical “white savior” narrative in movies, and telling nuanced stori… 
This 2 minute ad is better than most movies I've seen. 
Final breakfast in Hollywood for 2019 with - no movies to watch today. #TCMFF 
It's almost as if none of them have made movies and don't understand that there's more to these characters beyond escapism 
Best new podcasts for the week of April 6, 2019 
Via - AMAZING "Star Wars Jedi:  Fallen Order" preview.  Um, can Respawn Entertainment take over making the… 
Eh... w/ some exceptions... lotta movies simply not worth watching... 
...and next wk on the show, fellow RCHS alum, screenwriter/director/producer of hit movies/TV shows #PitchPerfect,… 
nooo, whyyyyyy hahaha. I actually didn't mind the trailer for this movie, but THIS looks like a cringey 90s Disney… 
They are legit ruining all the movies that were meant to just be animated 
Sometimes the worst movies are the most fun to review. 
Snacking on some elote just like in one of my fav movies. 
100% agree with Pride and Prejudice and Ever After! I watch those movies All. The. Time!! Next on the… 
Most Girls don't know that a good relationship takes time and lots of commitment to build. You're just six months o… 
The Lion King 2019 Cast &amp; Character Guide: Who Voices Which Animal? Who voices which ani… 
What a shame! 
I hear what you’re saying but I stood in line as a child to see The Return of the Jedi so… 
If you feel a disturbance in the Force, it's just 70,000 Star Wars fans descending on Chicago 
They wanted the events of the previous Star Wars movies to be legend and debatable but a mere half a lifetime doesn… 
Also anyone who still associates Robert Pattinson as only "that guy from Twilight" needs to watch more movies &amp; dis… 
I really hope Darth Sidious isn't a big part of #starwarsriseofskywalker because we've had so much of him in previo… 
Cozy up on the couch tonight with Hampstead  before #GoT starts! Watch it on M-Net Movies Premiere Ch1… 
Adorable #StarWars Fan Photo Brings Anakin Skywalker &amp; Grandson Kylo Together - 
The local library is the best defense against pulling a on your self when picking movies from your podcast. 
The 10 Best Marketed Movies of All Time 
one thing is to like the movies, another is to act like a child. we have reached a point where we ha… 
Mom and I been watching old movies since this morning 
Robert Downey Jr. And Chris Evans Make Fun Of Cap's Costume From #TheAvengers - 
Apparently, just in my lifetime, Disney went from making movies that make kids smile to making movies that'll give… 
Reading this and thinking about work on the white co-opting of Haitian culture, I think about movies… 
that movies will inevitably glorify combat when they portray the adventure and thrill of co… 
Emperor Palpatine's Role In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Revealed 
I think it’s just in our family honestly because I’m pretty sure I get it from my dad haha, he doesn’t watch movies either 
In 30 years, when they start making movies about this decade, everyone like this is gonna lie and say that they wer… 
It’s fine if you don’t have an interest in certain books/movies/shows, but bragging about never consuming monumenta… 
The official trailer!!!!#theblockcaptain #filmfestivals #stories #drama #movies #charlottefilm #actors #directors… 
Game of Thrones season 8Watch Full here    Every Game of Thrones fan after each epis… 
There’s definitely blood but I’ve never found it to be THAT awful? Could be cause I was raised on… 
#Movie "The Devil's Business" (2011) 
Tell me how you like it! If you do. X3My whole family loves the Hellboy movies Toro made but this remake seems iffy. 
Happy Tax Day! We want to help relieve your stress by offering free books and movies today...and every day! 
You just sit there and watch your disney movies and eat your popcorn s… 
If you want though, maybe someday after the new movie's released on DVD and etc., you could go the… 
and I like Chicago's Piano Bar in JHB. Perfect sopt to use the wide a… 
Emily Blunt – It just proves good movies… 
#monstermoviemonday Some movies speak so clearly to the collective unconscious that they keep getting remade and we… 
Bond 25: Phoebe Waller-Bridge will punch up the movie's script #SegundaDeTremuraSDV 
4 days, 13 movies, two great parties, lots of new acquaintances &amp; memories for a lifetime!  Thanks 
New Animation Movies 2017 Full Movies - Halloween Cartoon Animated - Movies For Kids &amp; Childrens #8[1] 
All of the Harry Potter movies hit a certain kind of way when avoiding all responsibilities. 
This weekend Savannah Rodgers  short film "Queer for a Day" was screened at KC FilmFest! Rodgers' four-minute short… 
Marvel Reportedly Developing A #SquadronSupreme Movie For Phase Four - 
Looks like Deadpool 3 is happening after all! 
I like this alternative. The only practical argument I have is the number of movies was no… 
He was sooo much better in Ready Player One that it doesn’t shock me he doesn’t talk about Xmen. Th… 
Best of the Worst and re:View are what I want more from RLM. I enjoy seeing the guys just chatting about… 
what is showing today at Acacia and what time do the evening movies begin? Do I get the platinum ticket… 
Trey and I have been watching the Spy Kids movies before we go to sleep and my dreams have been LIIIIIIT  lemme te… 
I agree however to blame the NRA is like blaming AAA for car accidents.  Our bigge… 
I had the awesome opportunity to meet Kevin Thompson who played an Ewok in the movies. He said “every time you see… 
Matt seems to have a thing against nerd culture. He really does have the worst takes when it comes to movies 
#WeShouldErase The Recent Merger of #Disney &amp; #FOX. #entertainment #Media #Movies #television 
People are upset at over his Thomas' English Muffin ad reads and I can't wait until they find out th… 
Better than 99% of American movies made in the last 10 years. 
It’s SO important to always #date your spouse  - even if you have been together for years. Whether it’s a Sunday… 
You’ve now bashed Star Wars, super hero movies, and GOT. 3 things which billions of people would dis… 
been showing my father Nostalgia Critic commercials lately and he loves them!! He says they bring b… 
A few notes1. It’s not ordered (Spider-Verse is my favourite though. It’s so beautiful)2. imo the MCU is exhaus… 
Didn't wake up this morning and can't wait to watch #GoT?  Why not warm yourself up with Hampstead befor… 
On this day in 1983, one of my favorite movies, Lone Wolf McQuade, hit theaters. To have Chuck blurb m… 
We actually own more Marvel movies than Disney will have available on the service in the first yea… 
Is it just me or does anyone else think they copied some of the costumes from older star wars movies for Episode 9?… 
Yeah - we are in the same boat with owning a lot of the movies. For me, I'll at least go in for a… 
Why does The rock get a pass for making shitty movies? 
Somebody’s been watching too many movies about secret government conspiracies and… 
Donald Glover drops film during Coachella 
Weekend $25.14MLittle $15.49Hellboy $12.01PetSemetary $10Dumbo $9.18#postproduction… 
I hate it when i bought data and tryna stream some movies, than Satan pops up with his porn ads 
Episodes 4 &amp; 5 were the ONLY good star wars movies. 
Am I the only one upset that there aren’t going to be any more movies in the Star Trek reboot universe, apparently? 
9 MCU movies down this weekend, The Cosmic cube is currently in a Odin's Vault of treasures on Asgard.Anyone know… 
#Alita Battle Angel is my favorite movie of all time and will always be. it holds a special place in m… 
You can hardly/if ever find stream links for South African movies but there is 1 download link which I… 
Ahhhhh jeez I shouldn’t have done this.Look, I love Man-Thing. He has an awesome design and the f… 
Oh fuck no. 
#BirdsOfPrey Wraps Filming With New Harley Quinn Photo - 
OmG I've been watching this movies since I was born am too old to watch the same movie 
i’ll send you a list of movies and shows 
RockyRambo (not a Stallone fan obviously) Breaking BadDallasAny of the James Bond movies 
Starting with why would idiots listen to "celebrities" who have never lifted a hammer, kids never mowe… 
Agnes Varda on the Cannes 2019 poster #Movies #TV 
Good to hear. 
This is what happens when movie channels try and make TV series. If they would actually put on movies… 
I gotta have Interstellar in there somewhere, great movies though 
can find downloaded #Netflix videos in internal memory or SD card. Netflix downloaded… 
Cher, as a teenager I loved your music, watched your &amp; Sonnys tv show, your movies. You’re a great entertaine… 
Wanna catch up to enjoy the most popular show's final season??  #GameOfThornes 
As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse - The New York Times 
#comicbook #symbolism George Lucas once said Star Wars movies were like poety, sort of, they rhyme.   Sometimes c… 
They are hella cute. Plus they don't dream, they watch movies. 
Lmao my dad still thinks 200 rand is enough to go to the movies. What year does he think this is? 
I like when aliens in movies bleed the same color that their skin is.Cuz you know how living things do thatWhit… 
For those who love movies, which is your favourite movie category? Tune into #TheShutDownDriveand… 
Nice. Harry Potter is a good choice since she's read the books. Eight movies marathon might be a bit m… 
Somethings I thought only happened in movies. It hits different when it happens to someone you love. 
I watch Game of Thrones but I’m not going to shame someone for not watching. There’s a bunch of “g… 
And we're not going to go to any more of your movies... 
They can't afford to play latest movies they are broke remember.  
No. I haven’t watched ‘Game of Thrones’ at all. I stay away from things that I recognize everyone els… 
And the Sunday Times magazine to see what Barry Ronge had to say about the movies  
#RewriteTheRules #HuaweiP30Series  I could start making movies 
Paranormal movies definitely put me on edge, but that could also be because I believe in that sort of st… 
Guess what America? CAIR stands a chance to take over, you awake yet? The distraction is Running fake news on Presi… 
According to the author's logic 90% of all movies, which are leftist propaganda, are fine, but con… 
Top 10 Things We Want to See in the Upcoming Matrix Movies 
I loved all the Jurassic Park movies until my 4yo wouldn't stop humming the theme song on a Monday morning 
This article is a pile of garbage. It starts off trying to defend the left's biggest Blunders of t… 
Reviews are great. But even with movies I like to judge for myself because we all have our own opinio… 
Good taste. I think I’m mostly a fan of zombie/virus apocalypse, a majority of creature features, and pa… 
Where can I download movies? 
100% this. Also I haven’t preordered an avengers ticket and I’m like 3 marvel movies behind but I’… 
I'll have you know, I've rewatched both movies at least 3 times now. Granted, w… 
Watch original movies when they come out people! 
#Movie "Road to the Altar" (2009) 
Movies 2019 - 122. Cloud Atlas (2012; written and directed by the Wachowskis and Tom Tykwer) 1/2 (2 1/2 tacos)… 
Fuck these movies and series, humanity always wins, why don't zombies or white walkers win and all humans get extin… 
it’s not the movies love 
Oh so I  guess we shouldn't watch any WW2 movies, like Pearl Harbor and Private Ryan… 
That sounds exhausting. I already have a hard time mustering appropriate enthusiasm for n… 
keep the disney remakes away from lilo and stitch it is wholesome and i dont need nobody ruining one of my favourite movies 
I wasn’t implying that you’re trolling; I was giving you a heads up that s… 
You. Are missing out. I thought I wouldn’t like it and didn’t care a particle about it. My then teens… 
’Star Wars’ Movies Are Taking A Hiatus After ’The Rise of Skywalker’ 
Do Americans really believe this stuff?? I can’t wait to watch the movies made about the Trump administration… 
Hi I really want to make movies and be good at it  
I CANNOT BELIEVE I came all the way to Madrid to be judged for my taste in movies #theaudacity 
So bassically you saying, a man should slide in the DM, get your numbers arrange for… 
Majority of Hollywood people aren't properly educated. That's why I don't watch Hollywood movies since they are so empty 
sometimes, movies set in LA can be so boring 
DID YOU KNOW? Wolves do NOT have blue eyes. They're usually amber in color, though some may have tints of green/gre… 
Lol the storm made me think of Sanai’i dad i used to sleep good with him during storms , in the dark and after scary movies  
New video live! We dicuss #theoutsiders in the new episode! Check out 
Yes he does, stop all this live action movies come up with new ideas of new movies 
I'm going to take myself to the movies soon 
Jimmie Tramel: Documentary spotlighting 'magic' time in ORU hoops history | Movies | 
Popcorn is the life of any fun situation, they are perfect for sarcasm as well as movies and that is why they need… 
Lets forgive our non GameOfThroner's hleng...I'm sure we are all non something's in the world of series and movies. 
What have u ever done w/ your life?  Give credit where credit is due.  Her shows sell o… 
I go to movies alone sometimes.  The first time it’s a little weird but it’s a great wa… 
I’ll continue to dislike bad things; like country music, Anthem, and most DC movies. 
They hard movies, but they were basically a group lol they did appearances and all. 
Namibian are watching too much action movies. 
Gonna have to do this when Avengers: Endgame comes out since my corn allergy means I can never see movies in the th… 
$15/month. There are so many great documentaries on HBO as well along with newer movies! 
Tune in May 14 for the premiere of #WhatsMyName by my good Friend/Film Director #AntoineFuqua. He’s 1… 
Eh. I haven’t seen one... but I also tend to watch the same 3 movies and 2 tv shows over &amp; over (&amp; o… 
It will. But the books are infinitely better. You'll find much more detail starting with PoA than… 
Why do people boast about not watching Game of Thrones? There are thousands of shows and movies I have never seen a… 
Watching new movies/tv series is such a gamble. What if it sucks and you’ve wasted all that time? I’ll stick to T… 
How many of my mutuals watch horror movies? What’s your favourite genre? 
The dark knight is one of the best movies ever made in all life (pulp fiction is there close enough)We need Chri… 
You have to read the books!! The movies PALE in comparison! 
nice #Cincinnati #Toledo #Walleye #Idah #Utah #Tulsa  #Wichita  #KansasCity… 
   The classic 1933 King Kong movie will be on TCM  (Turner… 
We're four friends who watch, and then review the plots of porno movies for, y'know #comedypodcast reaso… 
We're four friends who watch, and then review the plots of porno movies for, y'know #comedypodcast re… 
I know why they treat me like they do, I'm just trying to say that the reaction, as normal as it is,… 
   The classic 1933 King Kong movie will be on TCM  (Turn… 
 The classic 1933 King Kong movie will be on TCM… 
In Future IN ANIMATED MOVIES ONLY: The fascinating diversity of #Nature !! 
   The classic 1933 King Kong movie will be on TCM  (Turner classic movies) to… 
The classic 1933 King Kong movie will be on TCM  (Turner classic movies) today at 8 PM EDT. Their special effects were great for its time. 
I hear they're interesting movies , 
Give it a watch. 
There are lots of little changes you can make in the bathroom to make it feel new again. They range in price from t… 
Robert Downey Jr. shares his favourite fan theory about 'Avengers: Endgame' via 
My Twitter feed:Marvel Movies :”2 week embargo on spoilers”Game of Thrones: “Strap in we’re going to winterfell" 
Maybe someday lol, when I was a kid there was like He-man movies, sword people and a lotta titties! Loved those movies 
Portrait of man after days of imbibing whiskey and moonshine, riding carousels, and watching movies! Another… 
Last night with the rest of the monoculture I watched two Bob Hoskins movies on Criterion Channel. 
those are great movies 
Upcoming new movies! The movie of the week is Hellboy.While battling a trio of rampaging giants, the legendary ha… 
Jahan tou muskuraye , meri manzil wahi ... ! Throwback to rang de basanti ! Start of better bollywood movies. #rangdebasanti #Bollywood 
Its pretty clear that marvel on another level to DC, s… 
Are the Game of Thrones people still going to be making Star Wars movies? 
Check this out... These Movies will change your 
Disney coming for ya! 
Migrated all of the movies &amp; tv shows for my plex server to my new PC.....have to rename ALL of them again. Fuck. 
willing to sacrifice my collection for mcu movies 
Yeah I agree. I’m not into gory shows or movies. 
#Movie "Infinity Girls" (2015) 
tomorrows my birthday &amp; I know imma sleep the whole day or watch movies in bed the whole day 
GOT this? And I haven’t seen any of the Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter movies either. Wanna piece of me? 
I can't really handle scary movies so I Google ahead as I watch. Hasn't ruined any movie for me yet.… 
And Trump supporters will Not Forget ALL the Anti- Hollywood actors when choosing what movies to watch, buy, attend! 
guys think just because I say, " I like to watch movies and TV shows," that means I wanna "Netflix and chill"  nah… 
Why Masaan star Shweta is glad that Mehandi Circus is her Tamil debut 
Here's who you can expect to see. 
Enjoy live singing by very famous voices of the Indian music industry along with play based on Hindi Cinema.… 
Hollywood movies are stupid if it's smart if there is a word border what part is voiced 
It’s been said that there is life after death but that life comes in a different form and energy.#PetSematary wil… 
AND Grandma is a popular trending word for SEO!  Somehow my grandparents in the late 1980s figured out to… 
The greatest thing about our species is how we have our own tastes. Me, for instance, I’m not into fantasy or super… 
I usually think of her as the Mouth of Sauron from the LOTR movies. 
Dude I'm watching Black and White movies ... I'm in paradise  
In honor of the lists we're all going to be making over the next two weeks, I finally saw Thor: The Dark World, and… 
Unreal that people are still making zombie movies 
Isn’t it interesting how superbly good #Hollywood is at producing #dystopian #movies and how utterly bad it is at k… 
So I've been collecting a lot of black and white movies, Even the silent movies... I've never felt so nostalgic … 
when we see actors in Movies, like yourself, we only see the person spouting hate in very vile termsT… 
Today's Throwback: Saw (2004) Movie #movie #throwback #horror: James Wan"s Saw (2004) has become a real classic of… 
Top Upcoming Horror Movies of 2018 (So Far) #horror: Looking for the Hot New Horror Movies of 2018? Here is a list… 
Ian McKellen Explains The Difference Between Acting on Stage and In Movies | The Dick Cavett Show #Movies #TV 
Dude you obviously don't get the movies. There are… 
Disney+ streaming service: price, release date, shows, movies and more 
if you’re still making a Clue movie (original is one of my favorite movies), I’d like to recommend… 
It's on some kind of pay for movies thing, isn't it? 
why do most disney movies have to fucking be about love? I just want to cry and watch some fucking happy movies tha… 
Women account for “23% of producers for movies budgeted under $5 million, but just 16% of films budgeted over $50 m… 
Bring me my dragon #dragon #blondehairbeauty #actress #eyes #producer #director #hair #actresslife #twitter #lipss… 
I consider these all standalone movies and MOS has never gotten a true sequel. Nor do I expect it to. 
This guy is really saying men being efficient parents is so far fetched, that it only exists in fictional places I.… 
Digital artist who loves Libyan traditional clothes and applying it perfectly His spirit animal is R… 
This hive hate needs to stop. Yes, I'm talking to you, Film Twitter. 
wut are ur favorite movies — my own private idaho, the hunchback of notre dame, beetlejuice, lolita, and more. 
"The Notebook" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
'Shazam!' tops the US box office second week in a 
Nobody is going to check you out, karma has its own way of coming at you and when it does, you really are going to… 
We should recycle glass, plastic and paper. Not old fokken movies! Mzansi for sure no more  
Hi, hi, hi, droogs. Viddy our new episode...on A Clockwork Orange!MAJOR CONTENT WARNING: This episode contains di… 
When your kids are at home on school holidays, what movies do you use to keep them entertained? 
Neither my wife or 18 year old daughter like fantasy movies or shows. But, they love GoT. The late… 
I like Rambo movies...please. 
WITNESS WE THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES RISE TO HOLD DEMOCRACY AND THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES ABOVE A… 
Hive Hate: The Culture of Trashing Movies Before They’re Released #Movies #RealTalk… 
i never watched them or collected the figures when I was younger, but I'm eager to watch it eventually… 
Avengers Assemble!Who's your favourite 
Call a friend.  THIS IS TO BE WITNESSED BY THE WORLD.  THIS IS WHAT DREAMS AND MOVIES ARE MADE OF.  WE THE PEOPLE O… 
however I still really wanna see the movie cause it looks good regardless. I just ain't got the time for movies at the moment. 
Folks, our little podcast is launching THIS WEEK. On Friday, you’ll be able to listen to a special trailer and SUBS… 
Oh so YES! I'm currently dealing with a preteen who's deep into porn, erotic novels/movies, talks about being bis… 
Its like you don't watch these movies. 
Movies that premiered on April 15:Cavalcade (1933) Cops and Robbersons (1994) The Dinner Game (1998) Four Weddi… 
They not making money with the children with their normal animated m… 
AOC reminds me of that doll on the tricycle from  the Saw movies without the makeup 
Even animals are terrified of needles and dread going to the vet. Watch Max courageously take his shot in cinemas o… 
Yall been airing the same 10 movies every year since 1999 
#Movie "Catlow" (1971) 
Last Sunday my husband took me on an after #church date to the movies and we saw #Unplanned. This movie tells the s… 
Jack Ma’s right-hand man sits down with Gabriel Wildau to discuss China's plans to conquer Hollywood. 
So, who also does this when they go to the movies?  Smarties with salt &amp; vinegar popcorn, you never know what you'r… 
I stopped watching X-Men movies after I watched days of Future past while barely caring after not reall… 
A Superman piece inspired by the Christopher Reeves movies. #superman #digitalart #Procreate 
One of my favorite movies. Bet it was an amazing experience working with John Malkovich. It was a surpr… 
The future of heist movies. 
I hear has some decent movies and good story lines  
Watching 'Honour'. Don't know what this flick's bout, but 10 minutes in &amp; I'm already on "The fuck?!" mode. I like movies like this. 
5 black female artists converge for the Marsai Martin star vehicle ‘Little’ - Los Angeles Times 
in the media of movies or series? or general world news? 
IFF Panama: Diana Sanchez on Role as Toronto’s New Senior Director of Film - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Top 10 Movies That Massively Over-Performed At The Box Office #horror: Here is a fun list of the top 10 movies to o… 
Were the movies at 
Creepy is children wearing animal masks walking through a dark and cold forest. #PetSematary will be in cinemas t… 
Saw a preview at the movies for a film that has a singer put out cover versions of Beatles songs, with no one being… 
It’s like that channel on Dstv that always has movies with well known titles kgante ba re hobatsa  
Movies 2019 - 121. Unicorn Store (2017; written by Samantha McIntyre; directed by Brie Larson) (3 tacos)Lars… 
Nope! Never seen an episode! I don't understand the attraction to that genre of shows, or movies, but… 
Click here to visit Avengers Endgame Marchandise  #Avengers #Thor… 
Enjoy our family friendly on-board entertainment when traveling over this Easter weekend. With a range of movies an… 
I’ve been collecting albums and movies still, I’ll be back to review them very soon. Just been busy like crazy. 
Ha! I mean maybe they’re watching Lifetime movies &amp; taking notes?!  
The Gambler Movies according to general public... those are pretty timeless.  For me prob "Holiday… 
Great timing for the school holidays! Some great CofI stimuli too. How many have you seen? The 15 best philosophica… 
dark web address actually pretty good! #movies #HorrorMovies 
I must be old - no interest in #GOT8 &amp; more of a “meh,” feeling in Tiger winning this weekend. Instead,… 
Werner Herzog’s Tribeca-Bound Documentary ‘Nomad’ to Air on the BBC - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Who knows. These Disney SW movies are so forgettable , no one remembers lines from them. 
Talpa Strikes Multiple TV Format Deals in Spain, Portugal - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Ever since they were introduced the stones have always been a… 
John Waters to Receive Locarno Film Festival’s Top Honor - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Action comedy movie such as 2 Gunz, Pirates of the Caribbean. A million ways to die in the west and guardian of the… 
this is about to turn into turner classic movies unless they crank it up a little  #morningjoe 
I am also starting to feel like i dont want to go alone. Its that bad. I usually go and watch these mo… 
China Games Streamer Huya to Raise $343 Million With Stock Offering - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
So excited to be taking part in #chicksattheflicks - event cinemas, innaloo on Wednesday! A great night out with th… 
#Movie "I Survived a Zombie Holocaust" (2014) 
Ugh I just want to lay down on bed alllll day watching movies 
Movies 2019 - 120. Supercop (1992; written by Edward Tang, Fibe Ma, and Lee Wai Yee; directed by Stanley Tong)… 
They say never work with children in movies, but just look at their faces; how can you not work with them?… 
Lmaoo I Bet I've Crossed Your Mind a Few Times Already?  Once I Blow It's Laaaate For Everybody... All Y… 
Anyone know how to tell this little guy that I invented "4am coffee with dad" just for him and it can be at 5 or 6… 
how are the popular girls actually popular in movies they're all so desperate 
The R-Rating As a Selling Point: When Films Become Too Preoccupied With Their Rating #Movies #TV 
Legal documents! Show me your papers. Straight out of WWII movies. Here's a tip. ICE has… 
They feel they know enough Syrians b/c they watched Hollywood #whitehelmets movies ab… 
VR Headset, Vrealm VR Glasses VR Goggles Virtual Reality Headset 3D Games Movies For Sale 
Since Friday is a public holiday and I'm staying at my flat...I'm going to watch like 2 movies at the mall by myself. 
One of my favorite movies ever. 
They remind me of Chucky from Child's Play movies.  
I've not watched any of the series, I read the books, so defeats the purpose of watching the shows, m… 
Fantastic as new projector, 1080p, 3D, great for movies and gaming.Plenty of great reviews online - so knock your… 
Watching The singing Detective and uhm.... this is an interesting movie I have found. I love obscure lesser known m… 
New Movies This Week (Apr 20-30)DagsinAvengers: End GameThe Music of SilenceVisit for… 
It's not really controversial. People love 3. I think it's better than the other preq… 
That's interesting. The movie "American Made" featuring Tom Cruise as Barry Seal, trafficking cocaine and money for… 
Whoever does the trailers is great at their job. Unfortunately, they're not the ones making the movies. 
I've seen so many tweets about how people haven't seen a single episode like it's an achievement. Th… 
Cannes: Ciro Guerra to Head Jury of Critics’ Week - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I figured out why I thought I didn't have triggers until like, a few months agoIt's that the media I consumed was… 
After #Shazam at the movies back to #BentCoppers and #AC12 -  #LineofDuty    
I’m glad it wasn’t just me... they were two totally separate movies. 
Thinking of asking for his numbers, call him babeand before he knows I am inviting him for Movies at my place Tl… 
What about Dolph Lundgren movies 
Game of Thrones' 10 Most Brutal Battle Scenes | Digital Trends by #gameofthrones 
Why do movie creators keep recycling  from older movies.. Can we have a new movie, with a completely new concept,… 
are the names of high schoolers in american movies in 2019 the names that real teens have these days... 
#Movie "Micky Flanagan: Back in the Game Live" (2013) 
#News 'Star Wars': First photos from 'Episode IX' #BreakingNews #usatoday 
I have been finding it really difficult to watch anything (movies/series) that have no black and brown people in it… 
You are absolutely required to have a TV licence to buy a TV. My point is, if you had b… 
“Do not cite the deep magic to me, witch. I was there when it was written.~”    This was the quote… 
Man I’m not one to watch movies, but “Five Feet Apart” was fuckin beautiful. 
that's good to know, I've never been one to follow a crowd when it comes to TV shows/movies/music 
I don't enjoy watching flying monsters. I've better things to do with my time than childish movies. 
Today’s the day for our #SelfieCompetition! The first 30 people to take a Easter Selfie booth today win a free movi… 
If you pay your TV licence to watch Movies on SABC you need a prayer. 
Bollywood is now making many nationalism movies Trend started by then followed by John Abraham and no… 
I concur. They should be playing those South African movies that didn't make it to cine… 
Rogue One, while the story was a little lacking imo the character designs were truly top notch. If in a ga… 
Good question.  Why can't you guys at least play South African movies ke. If it's too… 
My boyfriend watches Disney movies all night and sings along to Aladdin          I swear I’m going to marry this man 
Fuck scary movies 
Sam Jackson already has 3 movies out this year and endgame in a couple weeks.. I truly aspire to be on that lvl 
But like when are you guys going to play more recent movies though. Yoh  
i can’t sleep so i binged both of the good halloween movies in one sitting  
I hate wearing high heels. They’re awful for your back. Please PLEASE don’t make me wear a dress, I just feel expos… 
At the SABC, someone is busy playing Thier favourite movies  come on guys atleast 2016 movies nyana ? 
Was 1999 The Best Year Ever For Movies? - WBUR 
Movies For Your Monday 
Netflix will no longer carry marvel, star wars, 21st century f… 
I’ve got an Optus dongle 4G. In the bush. Works 98% of the time. Go… 
tv, go out with my daughter for shopping ,lunch and movies .read novels . decorate my house .Think of new business ideas 
If it's not Anaconda it's those China movies of 1956...I mean really. Basijwayela kabi as a countr… 
Watching spy kids remind me when me Mom and Ty used to go to the movies together. Good times. 
Not 'only for white dudes' any more. 'Star Wars' is finally starting to look like its diverse fanbase 
“Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me.” ...  Read more : #directing… 
European On-Demand Platform Chili Expands Operations (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Success takes dedicated, committed, focused and uncompromising approach to its eventual achievement. Microwave, ove… 
#Movie "Bleaching Black Culture" (2014) 
New movies should be released on digital the same day they are released in theaters. I know studios depend on peopl… 
Not 'only for white dudes' any more, the 'Star Wars' universe expands 
I have also re-ranked my top 10 of 2017.  These are much more settled in now than 
Our amazing team of Technicians have been under the pump in the venue and out over the last 2 weeks.  2 x Corpor… 
Isn't it weird how this stuff works? After I was raped when I was 10 I started watching horror movies,… 
up watching movies with the kiddo  
It is called PTSD. Images trigger it. Just like fireworks and war movies trigger veterans.  I… 
Thank God there's siya for the movies.. Nami think of ditching dstv xem.. Not worth the money for the number of cha… 
I just watched The Avengers (2012) #trakt 
So I think I've finally figured out my top 10 of last year. I needed to wait until I saw a few last movies, which I… 
Was just on Amazon and saw they made 14 damn Land Before Time movies. Holy hell. 
Great must see Movies. 
Africa Magic channel 152...Nigerian movies 
Maybe you should just stop playing movies together with your friends. 
guys I just watched 3 avengers movies in a row and talked to no one. That’s an accomplishment 
The #seakpeak teaser is finally up on our “Lane 9” Finishing Funds campaign page. If you dig retro horror movies, c… 
9. Perfect date??? Hmmm siguro stargazing lang tapos deep talks and then binge watch movies(to my future boyfrien… 
He is not comparing you, It's men...THEN Niger movies, meaning that men are topping, foll… 
"The Fast &amp; The Furious" Dom &gt;&gt;&gt; Dom in all the other fast &amp; furious movies 
SABC gets to the movie place and they're like 'give us the worst movies you have' 
John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017)  #trakt 
I just watched John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017) #trakt 
Only in movies - and certain kind of fictional books. 
why are your Noah movies mostly with a token friend who barely matters in the overall story? I thought we… 
Don't worry everyone I watched all of the marvel movies in preparation to endgame in the correct order 
I don't like shoe shopping and I hate sad movies. Also, I'm not a fan of cheesecake. 
and he's literally everywhere in every japanese movies that i've watched... it seems like the pds have his number o… 
so, recently i've been watching A LOT of japanese movies which are mostly adaptations of the manga and/or anime tha… 
I'm in double figures of all Jason Bourne movies 
Latest #Tamil Rural Drama #Nedunalvaadai Directed by releasing soon on 
Avengers: Endgame is an upcoming American superhero film based on the Marvel Comicssuperhero team the Avengers, pr… 
It's not just a website, it's a platform that store your different websites for your favourite movies, TV shows, mu… 
I hear ya! Rent or stream movies, make a huge bowl of Ohio grown popcorn, open a can… 
"The Incredible Hulk" hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
PLEASE click view  …#media #actor #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent… 
No one will ever stream movies - Blockbuster Video 
I follow back #socialmedia #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent #musicians #dance #radio #cartoons… 
Going to the movies by myself is one of my favorite things to do. I suggest it 
Look out everyone, is back to rip it up (in a good way) on #BeernutsProductions upcoming #film… 
#AvengersEngame #MCU #PHASE4 #BlackWidow #SpiderManFarFromHome #marvel Think yo… 
i won’t watch horror movies bc “ooh sCaRy” but will watch game of thrones with a smile on my face as people’s heads… 
Ok, so as you know *sorry* I saw my first Kirstie Alley movie “Loverboy” not too long ago. What are s… 
I love-love-love Fred Astaire, Bong Crosby, etc &amp; the movies  from that era. Some of the best!  
I don't watch any of those types of movies...  
 It’s Apple iPad 3 Retina Display Tablet, 32GB for #ipad #apple #art… 
Everyone sell your cars and buy Tesla’s stop the pollution this is sad and it’s all cause of humans this is why I’m… 
#MadhuraRaja  collects 9.12 crore on the first dayRead more at: 
.parvatweets plays the lead in Sidhartha Siva’s #VarthamanamRead more at: 
.Suriya_offl  #KaappaanTeaser  clocks in two million views in 12 hours!Read more at: 
.offl_Lawrence is mighty upset with #Seeman and his party cadresRead more at: 
Cool Hand Luke is one of my dad’s, and my favorite movies and one of my daughter’s fav… 
#Movie "Life on Juniper" (2015) 
i've said it before nangandiva, lemme say it again...you are the crapiest when it comes to movies, ask for tips from 
this is the kind of performance that people in 30-40 years will make movies about this is incredible #arichella 
Those movies are garbage. 
The top 2 movies of the weekend are homages to Big. 
literally take any shitty hallmark movie, make it about lesbians, it's one of the best goddamn movies ever 
The New York Times Movies, Television"What’s on TV Monday: ‘No Good Nick’ and ‘Enchanted April’" by SARA ARIDI via… 
It’s a tie:The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly (Clint Eastwood) &amp; The Ghost &amp; Mr. Chicken (Don Knotts… 
On  WGRA-DB Vaughn Monroe &amp; Frankie Laine - Western Movies . Tell your friends 
i started to watch #aquaman and my #deepthoughts kicked in:hellooooo, fishboy something something.. permission to board, #movies 
Na so I see am o, I only hear plenty buzz around it maybe I just don’t like seasonal films or series... sa… 
Morning Carrie. Have a terrific Monday my friend. Yep agree with you. Not the same but love Lily Ja… 
I wish i could watch movies more xD, i barely do that anymore. Glad you have fun with it Emily 
Turns out, the gunshot one was ‘Opera.’ Daria Nicolodi sure got amazing death scenes in her ex-husban… 
I usually binge tv/movies or play video games when I can't sleep 
Marvel Movies You Should Watch Based on Your MBTI 
Marvel Movies You Should Watch Based on Your MBTI There are 16 personality types accordin… 
My parents Don't like movies 
i love those scenes in tv/movies where its dark and so I can't fucking SEE SHIT 
Why do y'all keep repeating the same movies?  
Yo fr they gotta stop making movies about Jesus dawg it’s getting old asf 
I should be sleeping but instead I’m watching scary movies by myself 
...you pity many of the folks you come across because you believe they’ve been caught up in some of… 
Dear SABC I can hook you up, I have blockbuster movies in my laptop  
Free movies! 
LA Fire Department Attends Home Of Monty Python’s Eric Idle Following “White Powder” Scare -… 
Top 5: A Happy Weekend For Sai Dharam Tej 
It is hey but I was disappointed especially because I love scary movies they so lost the story line 
As do we. 
Really now? So all you can do is to scare us, hheyi we don't have Anacondas in Mzansi so please. We want  local mov… 
GREATNESS will grow and grow just like you do...You grow and you create the greatness in different forms… 
Fridays is the Chinese movies we are in trouble 
if the actors weren't more important than the characters they could possible make some good movies 
‘Funny that he still calls it the Skywalker saga when Disneys movies have shown Luke for all of 5 minutes where he… 
Oh no, I'm aware Brie won't go away for a while. I just meant most people will… 
Just figured out the John Wick movies. It is a metaphor; don't fuck with John Wick's dog aka Rodger Goodell, becaus… 
I am watching horror movies before bed every night, it’s an experiment 
What I really need right now is for my life to be like one of those studio ghibli movies where the main character,… 
Hello, yes, it is past midnight and I would like some good quotes, songs, movies about unrequited love. Please and thank you 
Maybe if it wasn't about something that was a funny concept 15 years ago? I see adverts for this every… 
#Movie "Heartless: The Story of the Tinman" (2010) 
You don’t pay tv license n wonder why they’re not able to show you new movies? 
Lol when we called it a "filimu" (film) rather than movies 
#News First look: 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' #BreakingNews #usatoday 
Bibi Andersson, the Great Swedish Actress Known for Her Roles in Ingmar Bergman’s Films, Was a Sunflower Who Saw th… 
Everybody is freaking out about #GameofThrones and I'm just out here grinding Marvel movies to prepare for Endgame 
It's a never ending instalment! If offered Supersport, we wouldn't need with their ol… 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_28 
#JJAbrams whispers gently with reassuring calm, “It’s all right. It was just a Dream. I’m right here. It was just a… 
My first Doctor was Peter Cushing. I lived in remote North Western Australia, it was at an… 
They have all Spy Kids movies on Netflix  
Going through and watching a bunch of Robert Downey Jr movies. Why? Because I really adore the guy. Came from a shi… 
Just Saw A Preview Of  Ur Movie “I Am Gabriel”Looks Awesome-I Can’t Believe It Was Released In 2012… 
Bobby’s all washed up anyways. We won’t forget to turn off his movies too. 
The world's first feature film, The Story of the Kelly Gang, was filmed in Australia in 1906. Going… 
ISO a friend that will sit on my couch and binge watch Disney movies with me! Please. That is all. 
“In the Lord of the Rings movies, Ian McKellen plays a wizard. Do you think he goes home at night and shoots laser… 
How to find downloaded Netflix movies on Android #tips #tricks #tutorial #Howto #News 
We just rewatched some we haven’t seen as many times haha we watched all 3 Captain America and the… 
 I'm a huge fan of the Star Wars movies, all of them. This dude needs to get out more, clearly. 
Actress Bibi Andersson (Persona, The Seventh Seal) has died age 83 #Movies #TV 
One of my favorite MCU movies. 
curls up in your lap. will you be busy the next 3 days? we have about 5 harry potter  movies to finish- 
Recommend movies to watch with the whole family. 
Anything catch your interest lately? Games, movies anything like that? — Baba is You sucked up a lot of my time rec… 
Filipino movies on Netlix lowkey give me life 
SABC is the only broadcasting that  bankrupts us instead of improving they show movies of 19 patla re go searche 
People who haven’t seen any #GamesOfThrones feel like they deserve an award. Then again, they’re probably the same… 
Made a booking for the averages movie weeks ago but never got my booking, just got deducted… 
Probably some of D.C. best work cause they movies suck. 
Me too - never watched one episode of Game of Thrones or Star War movies 
If you don't see what's wrong with this then let me just say two things:One, people who act and star in movies an… 
Sure! Most of my practicing i got by watching videos on youtube and movies, but i noticed i still la… 
SABC must bring back 90% local. It will open up the industry and we won't have to watch anaconda and kung Fu movies! 
&amp; movies ? 
Well made this is a sign I should watch marvel movies cause I never have  
Are we supposed to be threatened? Because he’s going to make an anti Republican movie? Hasn’t he notic… 
What's best in life is to not watch modern movies.What's second best is pirating them.But what's u… 
People need to stop looking at box office numbers in a vacuum and actually start looking at budgets and seeing how… 
Movie 43 is one of most inappropriate movies, just funny as hell. Friday, Snatch, Evolution is one of… 
The best storyline so far:1. One Piece (anime) #ONEPIECE 2. Game of Thrones (series) #GameofThrones 3. Marvel Ci… 
tonight s a regular i met an off duty cop who wanted to talk game of thrones and movies and the film industry with… 
One of my favorite movies ! 
Every journey has an end. 
Why are you always playing old movies. You have a tendency of repeating same movies every weekend.  
HBO GO/HBO NOW! It’s actually really nice and they have a fuckton of great older shows/movies too! 
invaded my home and together we ate good food and read great comics and got emotional over dumb movies… 
Tell me about your favorite adaptions! Did they meet up to expectation? Do you think it could have been better? Wha… 
26 reasons why post-millennial movies are so awful !!! via 
How about you guys just make original movies with new ideas instead of trying to creat… 
These shows right there are so much worst then GOT in so many ways, other than a hand full of movies GOT i… 
Great books, all of them. Master and Commander is one of my all time favorite movies!  
I’m absolutely in. I expect a date night with French movies soon. 
I think has it right, two movies playing. 
I'm watching John Wick: Chapter 2 (2017) #trakt 
27% OFF MORTAL KOMBAT 11! Check out this deal that wearefanatical is offering! Video link in profile!… 
I’m a fan of remaking older movies... but this ain’t it. 
John Wick (2014)  #trakt 
I just watched John Wick (2014) #trakt 
i just want someone to watch movies with this is a subtweet abt u 
is that Iron Man's brother? Sorry, I don't watch comic book movies. 
why do shows and movies always make the pretty people the villains smh 
This is the exact reason I think they are running out of ideas. How many live action movies do I need to expect 
Why do all the alien spaceships, meteors, asteroids and shit in the movies keep crash landing in America? 
I have an XMen #1 in CGC...Can’t wait for the next series of XMen movies!! 
She likes stealing from Salvation Army says it makes her feel like the movies battin her eyes with a crooked smile… 
Lemme get this straight. Amazon wants to cancel their 68 million dollar contract with #WoodyAllen but Prime Video s… 
ofcourse they'll have old movies  for viewers choice    but they also… 
Me whenever starts talking about stupid comics or Disney movies 
Thinking about witing a Fast and Furious/ Mission Impossible/ National Treasure fan fic/ spec script, having only s… 
This is sad but we've had how many Big Footesque movies in the past year or so? 
#Movie "That Kind of Woman" (1959) 
I also cannot watch movies at night...i always fall asleep lol 
DJ Quik boards JOHN HENRY pic starring Terry Crews and Ludacris as executive producer and soundtrack producer… 
same here i just cant afford/no time to go see any movies 
In your top  5 hockey movies Youngblood needs to replace Mighty Ducks. Other than this your list is good. 
It Happened One Night. Clark Gable, Claudette Colbert, Robert Riskin's screenplay, Frank Capra. Movies don't get be… 
Movies 2019 – 119. The Dirt (2019; directed by Jeff Tremaine)  (2 tacos)Lackluster writing, unfocused tone, a… 
We have to keep Classic movies alive! 
So do we. 
The only reason that will send me to the movies #crypto 
Later this morn I am going to give “Venom” starring Tom Hardy a whirl. Generally I avoid superhero movies like the… 
Wow! I thought the ewok movies were a fever dream. 
There seems to a few of us weirdos- don’t tell them I’ve watched the Star Wars movies 100x though lol 
I'm not very good with "horror" movies or shows, or jump scares. Let's just say I am pretty sure I almost died watc… 
that is me too. I struggle even watching movies where an animal is hurt. I watched John Wick an… 
But then what will we do for plots for all these Oscar-winning White savior movies. 
"wow all of your moody mannerisms have been adopted from Bollywood movies haven't they" Roasting me.... 
I just watched Doctor Strange (2016) #DoctorStrange #trakt 
 I thought you was talking about in the movies 
Basically I cycle through different lists to do my movie queue watching. One of those lists I’ve started is Rotten… 
Alicia I enjoy your hosting on TCM...Robert Osborne was a bit of historian story teller of the movies. TC! 
My favorite kind of womens picture is something like No Man of Her Own or Forty Guns with Barbara S… 
I’m a huge fan but never watched Clone Wars or Rebels. I am more into love action movies and shows.… 
I’m convinced the people making these movies just want to see ur exposed 
makes me watch her movies all the time so now I’m making her watch with me #GameOfThrones #GOT #HBO 
The last couple marvel movies I didn’t see as a midnight or Thursday screening. Because I knew I wasn’t going, I st… 
I also realized I talk in the movies, which why I only like black movie theaters 
Why so you can watch R rated movies without your mom lol 
Steve always has the best parts in the Avengers movies imo, well excluding Infinity War 
Side note: does anyone else with no hearing issues watch TV/movies with subtitles? 
Also Rachel...Lifetime on Saturdays are worth a check especially for new thriller/horror movies. Me… 
All of Noah’s movies give me butterflies in my stomach.#noahcentineo 
Cory Booker looks like that bald bad guy in all the movies, 
Just don't stream it on twitch please. Cause streaming movies on there is illegal. 
I look forward to Watchathon every year, but mainly to watch old movies that I missed. 
I still ain’t go see nun of the movies I been wanting to see. &amp;&amp; im currently craving some movie theater popcorn  
One of the best movies EVER!  I needed this!  The whole theater, young and old, was exploding with laughter through… 
Lol I love people complaining about seeing spoilers for shows and movies if you don’t like it get off of twitter or mute people or words 
Get your first look at Elizabeth Banks' Charlie's Angels! 
How do you go to the movies alone now again? I havent been to the cine in like a year Also there is a seat ne… 
Sorry, that's rough, especially after such a long trip. On the o… 
I gotta get my free months worth before I go back to not paying for these movies. Which I guess I’m not… 
Yeah I used to feel a lot like that. Still do in many situations.  Making yourself do it make… 
akira is not only an amazing movie, but one of my favorite movies. 
Just now watching #MorningShowMysteries  with my favorite family’s Mom Love watching the Morning Show… 
don't you know that people who are marrying at the north are marrying in community out of property sin… 
This was definitely one of my favorite MCU movies so far! 
8And their not even shy about itthey just have no idea that their completely brainwashed religious nutsWatch… 
100 days / 100 movies - Day 3. This one is a bit esoteric and cliquey. 
So glad I don’t tarnish great shows and movies by reading the source material 
When HBO promised us “6 movies” and the episode is only 65 minutes long #gameofthrones 
Also, lots of movies tell an entire story within that frame. Some shows may take 50+ hrs. 
should be next. She is a very good actress, I luv all her movies.Sh… 
If you want to talk while watching a movie....WATCH. IT. AT. HOME.Not the theater.#Thatsall. #petpeeve #psa… 
I like movies so much more than shows. People whine about a movie being too long at 2.5 hrs but will watch season 1… 
I think the person who select movies is an old person like ANC MPs. 
i fucking hate end of the world movies that shit scares me 
How about Avengers or any Marvel movies?  
Ashley nailed this. Every movie today has a “special” someone with “special” powers destined to save the world. M… 
Hi my name is Jayde and I still enjoy watching Disney animated movies  
When I think of Easter movies I always go to Harry Potter and Minions. 
What’s your fav route in fate/stay? Mine would def be ubw but heavens feel might beat it with the movies coming o…… 
So idc how many times I’ve seen Jurassic park movies I stg I’m a full blown kid when they come on 
I enjoyed this big time. Dug how it went from mass scale to 'small' contained horror. Haters gonna h… 
Honestly? Oliver and Company is probably one of the most underrated #Disney movies out there. You can’t change my mind. 
I swear to god is my spirit animal.  Every time I see him rant it's pretty much how I feel about societ… 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY! She was our beautiful Samantha in all 254 eps of #Bewitched. She also played… 
“Movies are like an expensive form of therapy for me.” -Tim Burton 
Knowing what was coming didn’t make it any less painful. The power of movies and music to break our hearts... 
Finally saw #ShazamMovie with and it was super fun! Thanks for bringing the joy back to superhero movi… 
Home Alone 1 &amp; 2 are my favorite movies from the series 
#Movie "10%: What Makes a Hero?" (2013) 
Wanna catch up to enjoy the most popular show's final season?? #GameofThrones 
not too pleased with all the live action movies of some of my favorites. You dont have to make everything live action 
Interesting. My new working thesis about the 80's NYC lit scene: BEE wrote mediocre novels that would g… 
They will play these movies until you can say the the actors lines word for word. 
Three books! I think the movie is based on the first one so maybe there will be more movies. 
The way it's set up it's similar to the legality of watching movies over… 
I go to the movies by myself all the time! 
Confirmed! 
I just want a bf who will cuddle me n eat snacks while watching movies on days like today ugh 
There is a discord where we can set that up and upload movies requested for Movie nights. 
I meant people thought of his 80's novels as being like Brat Pack movies. 
What’s better applying to movies 
you are an inspiration, an amazing martial artist, and a great actor! Thank you for the lessons passed… 
Interesting, I always thought they were a bit like the Brat Pack movies where if you go back and watch… 
This is amazing! Wow! (We always see people in the movies going to Vegas and getting married, now I know someone who’s done it.) 
I PREFER MOVIES THAT STOKE IMAGINATION AND CARRY A THEME INSTEAD OF SOME DUDE RUNNING SIDEWAYS INTO A TRUCK LMAO  JUST SAYIN. 
Lincoln (2012)  #trakt 
Sigh. A little lesson here. It’s “Fortnight”, not “Fortnite”. It’s an old English word meaning two we… 
All the Oz movies made me very uncomfortable, I never wanted anything to do with them. Now I know why... 
It was really good. Definitely one of the better rock star movies I've ever seen. I think you'll really dig it.  
Keep in mind it seems so many watching movies is causing it to take awhile to since when you first… 
I wanna make like scary sonds .. shit you hear in movies but with techno ya know? 
White Americans have not been taught that.  Additionally, since I’ve been alive anything that… 
Old movies. 
Originally I made a movie world a year ago and the idea was weekly my community would watch movies in VR, and it go… 
I’m in my GOT jammies watching GOT &amp; don’t give a rats ass what other people think!  I also LOVE S… 
Discover what makes her a hero! Reserve your seats &amp; see #CaptainMarvel AGAIN! #MakeItICONIC 
I’m the type of dude that sits and watches scary movies by himself. 
I'm watching John Wick (2014) #trakt 
A question for you tech smart people: Is there any way for me to play videos, movies, etc from my laptop to a smart… 
Literally at the movies seeing for the fourth time if you don’t believe me just wait a bit I’ll post pr… 
Pfft!  Obviously she likes the douche men who treat her like crap bc they’re “real men” in her eye… 
Donald Glover been watching Prince movies 
More and more horror movies are coming out these days, which makes the horror genre incredibly popular, which in a… 
when tf are gonna stop treating live action films as the end all be all for animated films when most of the time th… 
i have to get colored lights for my college apartmenti want red and blue tinted memories like in the movies 
I've had for 3+years and probably watched 6 shows/movies until this weekend... All American is 100% worth watching  
I haven't &amp; zero desire to, I have never seen any of star track or star wars. I have always… 
Yes! Also, I've seen it twice and had it explained to me three times, and I still don't buy either… 
I bet you can't watch four Bresson movies in that time. I DARE YOU. 
Knowledge is power. I also like watching movies based on true events. Well, it was great chatting,… 
I watch enough Horror movies that I was expecting it. 
I really am a fan of old movies I'm always looking for one to watch 
I'm watching Avatar (2009) #trakt 
This is a brotherhood this is not business thisnis family. #inglewoodfilms. Lawd knows we just leveled up stay tune… 
I didn't realise that for Apple. I buy their movies on Vudu and usually get a discount on UH… 
FINALLY. A collection of these movies that I can GET BEHIND! 
You know what? I’m just going to go ahead and say it. The Village is one of the most beautiful and moving movies. 
Everyone shits on the Bohemian Rhapsody because he has a history of sexual harassmen… 
I know this is random but Stitch better not look like this in the movie cuz they’re about to do him real fucking di… 
gtfo of my face with these DISGUSTING live action movies. DUMBO??? LION KING???? LILO AND STITCH??? WINNIE THE FUCK… 
Apple if they want could kick the bull shite of the whole bunch. The TV/streaming thing is lik… 
"The Passion of the Christ" hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I could live without superhero movies. The comics are (almost) always better imo. 
Correct. I have a few nights throughout the course of the season where I am going to be late or away, I… 
how do people in movies wake up to a nice pancake breakfast with eggs and bacon and only take an apple?! 
well I guess Vix is ego’ing me again at the movies ... 
if Disney insists on remakes can we like... get a black cauldron remake?? cause it had a fckn cursed production but… 
I do watch A LOT of Kevin Costner movies and some Braveheart Mel Gibson helps.  
The internet wants it to happen. 
Last time Tiger won a Masters we weren’t watching Game of Thrones. We were still watching Harry Potter. We were on… 
yeah I'm sort of the same. I like watching movies but shows I can never come around to watching anymore.… 
It was great seeing 2 movies at St. Anthony Main this weekend as part of #MSPIFF. Both were biographies or document… 
#TCM25 #1981 what a time to be born ! One of the best movies made in my life time cannon ball run! 
Movies and TV doing long-form storytelling at these production values was unprecedented before these cultu… 
So, is the next ten years of Disney making live action movies of their cartoons? 
Just watched Thriller on Netflix. I def want to support black movies. But... 
He’s the “I direct cool thriller movies” guy  
Leslie Jones &amp; Kristen Bell to star in true-life counterfeit coupon dark comedy QUEENPINS for writer-director team… 
Kinda like Harry Potter.  I couldn’t get into the movies or books.. 
I put my birth year into the GIF’s keyboard and the top 3 movies were;1) Top Gun2) Gremlins3) The Bre… 
Definitely only in movies. 
I like to cringe from books and movies usually. I guess I just don't like to cringe from physical "itch… 
Check out Ray DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
I’ve actually never watched a single second of GoT. But I do own some Star Wars movies and PS4 games. 
Everybody should buy there movies one disk and their games without one 
Hey uhhh can we uhhhh STOP MAKING LIVE ACTION VERSIONS OF PERFECTLY GOOD MOVIES THANKS 
ok but like why hasn’t netflix put any of tyler perry movies on there??? 
I prefer to go to movies alone. 
2019 has Avengers: End Game AND Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker...tell me this isn’t THE year for movies 
Ok Twitter needs to create an algorithm that monitors how often people post spoilers of movies or tv shows and have… 
You Can Stream These Timeless #Romantic #Comedies on #Netflix Right Now #movies… 
 on basic tv transmission or meant broadcasts can you play wwe they should have free show not gladiator… 
Watching one of my favorite movies(and yes I know this movie by heart, word for word as well as the other movies in… 
I like Pete's Dragon.  One of the few Disney movies I enjoy. lol 
This Tweet from has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. Learn more. 
If he ever does leave he could always do movies with the guy he did media interviews with last year.… 
Having seen several theatre movies, that trailer makes me want to kms everytime 
One of the things I'm pretty thankful for is for the people I follow on Twitter/Facebook are almost all good enough… 
Thirty flirty and thriving! 13 going thirty it’s one of my favorite movies ever ! This weekend was so much fun  … 
Based on Your Food Preferences, Which Movie Couple Are You And Your Significant Other? #movie #movies #film #funny… 
I used to believe love conquered all'cause that's what I've seen in moviescome to find out it's not like that at… 
"Gore. Can't say I don't agree. I tend to like my Gore in movies. Not that being bloody isn't weir… 
I cant express enough how much I love the original hellboy movies. I wished there would've been a 3rd movie buuut I… 
In case you missed it a few weeks back. 
One of my all time favorite movies. I basically had it on replay for the last 22 years. 
She’s been watch to many of those super comics movies when the 100 lb woman takes out a whole group of 250 lb men 
You guys rock. I’m going to take tonight and sleeeeeep and I’ll be back for some movies and sexy time tomorrow  
I’ll go ahead and add that I don’t believe for one second that this is the real “live-action” design for Stitch bc… 
The white moms in horror movies are DUMB dumb 
LILO &amp; STITCH live-action/CG remake in the works at Disney, because why the fuck not at this point, you know?… 
really into it when characters in movies wear the same piece of clothing more than once...love that realism 
“The franchise’s least satisfying entry.” Clearly the author has never seen Attack of the Clones. | Lucasfilm Admit… 
I gotta be honest and say that I didn't read a lot of the Guardians's comics, but, the few ones I di… 
30. Shroud, Seth Everman, Nando v Movies 
Let my dogs out and realized how eerie my house is at night. Pitch black out, chilly with a breeze and a light over… 
It’s cool and I also think that perhaps the movies and continuity don’t do… 
Love how 99% of movies that involved lava also have people with inches of it without being severely burned. C'mon,… 
I liked his movies. 
I just love sobby movies  
Coffee and cult movies 
It was one of the first horror movies I ever watched. I’ve seen it a million times! 
"...I never thought that it would be you / Tell me your secrets, all of the creep shit / That's how I know it's tru… 
HUGE News: 'Sex And The City' Is Getting a Follow Up TV Series! 
Yeah right, a movie mainly about Harley Q… 
So wait. There’s two different Dukes Of Hazard movies?! 
Top 5 greatest pieces of visual art of all time (tv shows, movies, music videos, video games) . And people… 
Yes...I think you would like it and hey, I am down here. We can watch Tom movies together and all that... 
So my minds blown my uncle makes movies and just found out he was acting coach like WHAT?!?!?  
People who start petitions to try to get the creators of movies to “admit” that a character/characters are gayThat’s all 
Okay settle down I did say might, it’s hard to choose because Thor has multiple mov… 
i need to stop watching 2hr long movies at 11 
Fifth Element is right up there with Contact on my "Movies that Deserved More Love" list. 
I WAS IN THE MOVIES AND JACK POSTED THOSE PICTURES AND I FLEW BACK IN MY SEAT AND SLIF DOWN AKDKSKSJ 
Joel McHale, Jimmi Simpson teased as guest stars in USA Network's PSYCH: THE MOVIE 2 #TV #movies 
We went over a year with GOT, I think we'd make it.  We've really had 20 solid years of super hero movies. 
Gonna stream every other day for now, so that means no stream tonight. I'ma just relax and watch movies with the fam.  
Lol been waiting for the final season for 7 years boo. Episode 3 is called Winterfell and will be t… 
Just like Ice Cube saying "bitch" or Keanu saying "whoa" in their movies, many of us were… 
There’s a bunch of his movies that are great on the low 
I own every one of those movies plus this shirt and a Lost Dinosaurs of Egypt book plus I've read Raptor Red. Oh, a… 
I am surprisingly good at picking movies for us 
*or being lowkey obsessed with scary movies/games knowing full well you’re a scaredy baby. 
I still haven't seen it but I went on a John Woo kick back when I was 17 and watched the first two… 
This is everything wrong with the new Star Wars movies 
Good question...They're different medias, they work differently. It was a good idea adapting without… 
I think movies and tv series were better before social media took over the world. I feel like writers are being aff… 
I got 10 out of 20!There Are 20 Pixar Movies, But I Bet You Can't Even Name Half Of Them 
Unpopular opinion- I hate how Disney keeps trying to remake so many ANIMATED movies into live action. 
Justin Hartley, Avan Jogia &amp; Ed Oxenbould to star in Dan Mazer-directed coming-of-age comedy THE EXCHANGE… 
Lucasfilm to put Star Wars movies ‘on hiatus’ after ‘Rise of Skywalker’ 
When it comes to shows. I personally never do it when the season is active. After a week from the final… 
I am oddly obsessed with all movies/articles/documentaries about Chernobyl. I am so pumped for this.  
I've seen the whole series, &amp; 2 movies(dunno if more exist), &amp; have the game on Ps4, also vol1, &amp; 2 o… 
I never have. I haven’t watched tv shows since 2008. Only watch movies occasionally. 
From movies to missiles, Native American imagery has been used to sell products for decades. This phenomenon is exp… 
I haven't care not to watch any shows movies 
And, because. Space Fantasy Movies Ranked:1. Star Wars2. Guardians of the Galaxy3. Fifth Element4. Alien 
Horror movies have never scared me as much as he did 
Reminiscing with a friend about #LittleGiants and  One of my top sports movies as a kid! 
Me too!  It'll be exciting also if we hear Grace say that she gets to see a viewing… 
Robert De Niro needs to playing fake tough guys in the movies. We'll never forget your antics Bobby boy. 
ICYMI: No wonder Tom hasn't spoiled it yet! 
One of my fav movies ever. 
Those are basically movies  
He doesn’t care at all about it. Along with Star Wars, marvel movies, any science fiction....and I’m r… 
i love the iron man movies so much 
I don't watch or enjoy Star Wars or Game of Thrones or the Marvel movies, but I also don't act like that somehow ma… 
Ugh feel old yet?? Guess the movie? #movies 
Back To The Future, and...uh...'85 kinda sucked for movies. 
I think it has to do more with the lack of marketing which is sadly a huge part in movies not being… 
99.99% sure it’s just as lame as basically all other horror movies but I still have to find out lol 
It’s just so absurdly well done and balanced. It gives you everything you could ask fo… 
I always dreamed of having a dad like I have seen in all the movies. A dad I can be close with and tell anything to… 
Has anyone ever just went onto Netflix, looked at all the shows and movies you maybe kinda wanna watch but then don… 
2 episodes and 4 movies. Sounds like a good deal to me. 
In this moving TED talk, Naomi Kawase talks about the value of movies and how they capture time and communicate emo… 
How Kev looks at Tom and I in Skype when we’re talking about movies he hasn’t seen 
They never showed what people did with their animals in the purge movies. Poor little guys/girls 
I went to US and Shazam this week, one by myself and one with grandkids. I go by myself a lot because… 
Hell naw I don't even like no medieval times ass movies or shows. 
#AlitaBattleAngel was the 1st movie I saw twice this year.Followed by &amp; #movies 
Do you think aliens make movies about us invading their planet? 
Harry Potter 1-5, Lord of the Rings, Peter Pan (2003), Life as We Know It, how to lose a Guy in 10… 
Julia and I binged some Marvel movies, caught the end of the Masters, and then the Thrones premiere.  Rewatching to… 
And all Republicans stopped watching this jerks movies. 
Me everytime we go to the movies 
Check out Platoon DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
The 10 Best Movies of Early 2019 
i tried the first episode and was bored with it. I don't really like T.V. shows much or movies. If it c… 
Just called and they have all the complete seasons. Its exactly why i only do business with Family Video… 
I was actually talking about movies specifically but i spaced and my brain put a vauge word instead of… 
So glad I didn’t go to the movies for this episode  
Sadly, that is 100% authentic. I've seen worse on YouTube.Made even worse by the fact that these s… 
This was me yesterday with Barely Lethal. Dumb movies are worth sitting through if you hav… 
Top Animated Movies 60-51 
tfw when you want to watch every MCU movie before Avengers: Endgame but you only have 4 of the movies on Blu-Ray an… 
If they're going to be remaking Stephen King movies, can they remake The Langoliers??? That would be bad ass 
Oh please. I go to movies by myself often. 
I don’t know what to say. Maybe some self care by shutting down (temporarily) is warranted. And su… 
I love, love, LOVE movies. As I teach about them more and as I watch more, I find I have a huge love for 1960s horr… 
Harry Potter as wellThe Dark Knight TrilogyBreaking Bad alsoThe first two Spider-man moviesLord of the… 
#mst3k #ShoutFactory #FugitiveAlien  Some well known names in Japanese movies. 
Were there any good Bill Cosby movies? I mean, when you think of it, really? Perhaps that was a sign.... 
"SJW cancer has infected comics for too long.  The companies need to fail, that included the movies, for them to change their ways." 
I am 20 minutes into The Perfect Date and honestlymovies have gone downhill since Diary of a Wimpy Kid 
Shazam is sooo good! It's one of my favorite DC movies. I wasn't really familiar with the character at all but it's… 
Ok, these Marvel movies have gone too far. Enough already. 
#Movie "Rita Rudner and 3 Potential Ex-Husbands" (2012) 
Serious question: we just got HBO again. Should I start GoT since I’ve only seen the first two episodes or watch al… 
It's hilarious how they're "fighting for creative freedom" but any director making a lighthearted mo… 
I never say those things i just support the movies but i guess I'm the minority on that. 
none of you told me about CLOVERFIELD i had to find it on my own i thought in this house we told aimee about movies… 
I was surprised to learn those movies had scripts.I thought it was all improv. 
Top 10 Psychological Thriller Films to Rewatch Often #horror: Here is our recommended Top 10 Psychological Thriller… 
No one is ever trying to just lay up, watch movies and smoke, y’all always gotta make it sexual 
Watching Avengers: Infinity War on FreeFlix HQ #trakt 
I'm not sure! I do like the price its pretty cheap! I haven't seen any of the marvel movies… 
When Marvel and DC began putting out so may movies in such a short time, I had to order in a new pair of disbelief… 
URGENT! Sunshine Coasters on Coast Cable/EastlinkTV - what channel is CRAVE, HBO, Movies??? I want to watch Game of Thrones. 
In conclusion the Spy Kids franchise was one of the best ever created with a combination of amazing representation… 
Fucking stop with these live action movies 
Why do monsters always scream in movies? Wtf is you yelling for 
let's go out on a date don't expect kisses because I'm gay an all but like I'll hold yah hand and w… 
Omg i forgot about the t-1000 himself, Robert Patrick. What the hell were these movies?? 
Cure those Monday blues with all day breakfast 'The Yank Tank' from  GIVEAWAY: When you dine at… 
Impressive! 
I mean how did mike judge, creator of such classics as beavis and butthead, king of the hill and Silicon Valley, ag… 
No. Those start October 25. 3 new movies. 
I usually write while watching these Marvel movies but Winter Soldier just forever has my undivided attention no ma… 
I don't usually see movies opening weekend, but I am planning to go see it. Sucks it's judged as a failure based on 3 days 
I just can’t w/ the reality tv shit. Never saw a second of “The Apprentice”. GoT seems intriguing… 
In a nutshell, the new Hellboy...Hell No!  I liked the first two movies a few years ago but this new version is ove… 
Mine still says offline for all movies! 
What I really want to see is or make a sci-fi out of a Octavia E. Butler book. We need to see the… 
Me either, I started reading the first book long before the TV show, but it was too violent for my… 
damn kid, u need to be in movies!! Too cute! Damn dad! U see her!!! 
Me and ry have done nothing but cuddle and watch movies all day, it’s literally been the best!  
Best websites to download movies?? 
And keep in mind that Donner is an action director. If the SFX and tech was advanced like i… 
I love lifetime movies 
I appreciate movies with charm and love and a little bit of kitsch. Glad I got to revisit #Moonstruck this weekend. 
Another week of festing done, can’t wait for the next! #kcff #kansascityfilmfestival #movies #filmnerd #11movies 
If 80s movies teach me anything it's that everyone used to look like huge dorks 
Manic Movies | Ep. 30 Avengers Infinity War (2018) Review via 
Kidding. A little. I’ve tried Star Wars, LOTR, Hunger Games type stuff I just usually can’t get into t… 
JJ Abrams introduced so many great &amp; original elements into Star Wars. He didn't need to listen to Mark… 
It’s amazing how few watchable movies are on the old Home Box Office 
No confusion. White Squall theme like today's theme.Why chosen by Q as an example out of all the movies ou… 
idk y I love scary movies I b terrified lmao 
JJ Abrams introduced so many great &amp; original elements into Star Wars. He didn't need to listen to Mark Hamill.  Li… 
Not Midwest but come to the Telluride Horror Show in Octobe… 
I want to watch movies with her she is hilarious  
What's the fucking point? It's not like in football where there's times that the play stops, in movies/… 
I love the movies but can't get people to go as often as I want to so I go alone! 
Driving Lessons might be one of my favorite movies. 
(Holy shit, 1978 was a trash year for movies.) 
Okay there is nothing wrong with super hero movies, I think more than enough people can attest to that. 
They need to bring back those Scooby Doo animated movies ASAP!!!!!  
It also depends on the type of event. Like for movies, I tend to wait to discuss thing… 
The whole movie is hilarious, but this part may've snuck by you. ...#movies #skits #memes… 
I can’t watch animal or pet movies or documentaries I’m too tender hearted I’ve been that way since I was a kid 
Probably not nearly as simple as movies put it ;) 
i get bored easily soooo i stopped in season 2.. I dont really watch a lot of tv or movies. 
Iconic drag documentary 'Paris Is Burning' returning to theaters 
Felt like I have been watching the same two movies this whole weekend. 
#stardustapp My thoughts on “Little Monsters” #movies #MovieReview 
when will the Crystal season 4/movies be released?? 
Nah not rn I’m chillin watching movies with my girl bro bro 
No... I'm proud to not own a TV or go to movies.  The last time I was in a theater was many years ago.  
I know these people making TV shows &amp; movies want to see eliminated. I hope you're doing ever… 
5 best netflix series you sure can not miss in 2019! #TheIdeators #Netflix #movies 
yah marathi movies r gud 
Showing McKinley all the OG Disney movies from when I was a kid has to be one of THE best parts of motherhood 
Spring in MN is like one of those sci-fi horror movies. For months all the germs &amp; allergens were frozen &amp; dead, bu… 
binge watching nicholas sparks movies sounds like a whole mood rn 
Totally feel you, man. If I didn’t fly drones or travel a lot, I don’t know that I’d have much use fo… 
Our Drafted teams... who did the best? Who will Sit atop the Iron Throne?#GameofThronesSeason8 #GOT#MovieRevies… 
I watched I am legend again today and I remembered that I love all zombie movies ever made, I don’t care if they al… 
Still better than half of the movies released today. 
Shhh! It’s Another One Of Those Kind of Movies via #stanleytucci… 
I liked this movie but I liked the other ones better still kinda holding a grudge that we'll never get c… 
Some movies should stay animated 
Shhh! It’s Another One Of Those Kind of Movies 
since they’re remaking all of the disney movies.....can we please get a live-action pocahontas??  
I really wish I could stop finding love based shows/movies 
"I didn't write it, Paul McCartney wrote it, the Beetles" "Who?" Yesterday, hits the screens on June 27. Relive th… 
Not yet. Going to. These Oscar winners are sometimes super boring movies that one feels compelled to fin… 
Netflix Adds 10 Original Films to India Slate   
MUST SEE for all true movie fans is the 1959 #BenHur on the big screen. Was in theaters around the country today, w… 
#LesMiserablesPBS TV and movies alter facts for dramatic effect.But the big stuff, the foundation, ought to… 
The Babadook is honestly one of the best movies I’ve ever seen 
The Doc only likes a cliffhanger if he's binge-watching something-- and can start the next episode (or sequel) righ… 
This was such a wonderful time  I only wish important documentaries received the same heavy promotion that tv show… 
I envy you. We live in (very) rural Virginia and all we can get is satellite...unfortunately we ha… 
If you really think about it there are lots of movies that use the same color scheme and fonts for their covers yet… 
Lrt me with t&amp;bI literally watched all 25 episodes in one day. I still need to find these movies I've heard tale… 
What I gots daddy for our anniversary! I got him a pennywise funkopop and a star wars lamp and he got me food and t… 
I wanted to tweet about who’s voices I get in my head when I read your comics, how I made it I photosho… 
Ashley Judd Discusses Decision to Have an Abortion: I'd Have 'Had to Co-Parent with My Rapist' 
there was a time when literally the only movies i watched were silver linings playbook and perks of being a wallflo… 
Episode 8 &amp; 9 are basically just knee jerk reactions to the orevious movies except 9 will actually b… 
i feel bad for people who have to work at the movies when end game comes out 
My moms pissed that she has to explain Game of Thrones to me ..which is kind of hypocritical considering all the ho… 
'Game of Thrones' anticipation is building across the Twitterverse - Tarentum Valley News Dispatch… 
Disclosure, and this is WWII Era Tech, just imagine what they have 
Movies and TV shows should just start having cameos of people not believing is Tony Hawk 
I think I might've gotten whiplash by shifting from critical analysis of violence in fantasy movies to Kabbalistic midrash too quickly 
I’m probably the only weirdo on this planet who absolutely hates watching movies ... it’s my least favorite thing… 
I haven’t because of my anxiety. But I do love the movies in a theatre 
Best Love Quotes From Old Movies 
This only one of many shows, movies, series I’ve never been inclined to watch that other people are all MUST SEE! 
i promise in like 2 weeks i’ll be done rewatching all the marvel movies and i’ll have seen endgame (twice) and i’ll… 
Disney is ruining all the good movies 
Michael Bolton.....one of the best movies! 
Why has Fandango in Denver stopped listing movies from Landmark theatres? I understand Landmark doesn’t s… 
Watch Avengers: Endgame (2019) : Full Movie Online Free After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War,the… 
I'm completely disillusioned with 99% of modern horror movies unfortunately. I think I'm just too dese… 
drops all masks, bares soul, plans to take movies to higher level. #RESET #SundayMotivation 
Look at it as one of those movies that shows the ending first.. pauses.. then rewinds to the beginning 
DC should just stop making movies lolololol 
Honestly I think Funny Games US is more disturbing than most horror movies I've seen. I have you to tha… 
I wonder if that's part of the 80s-movie inspiration, too. Kids movies could be absolute nightmare fuel… 
This is Bean. She likes scary movies and drawing demons. Also, she likes to make messes 
As much as I like their movies I was appalled by finding out that the company got rid of its founde… 
Because a mufo posted theirs here is a list I did of my 100 favorite movies (ranked only in a loose, haphazard orde… 
Have fun and play along w us as we put together a “Season 8 GOT Fantasy Death Draft”#GameofThronesSeason8 #GOT… 
I guess we will have to stop watching his movies and TV. 
The great thing is if you like the movies you almost definitely will like the comics 
I WANT A BEST FRIEND TO HAVE SLEEPOVERS WITH WHERE WE CAN EAT ICE CREAM AND WATCH MOVIES AND TALK ABOUT CRUSHES WIT… 
Continuing the Marathon tonight with Guardians Of The Galaxy. One of my favorites!!… 
#GameofThronesSeason8 Have fun and play along w us as we put together a “Season 8 GOT Fantasy Death Draft”… 
It's good, never dive into that backlog, cause there's nothing good to come of it. In the old movies th… 
Next is one that came out of nowhere and changed everything. The heart, the character, the family. One of the most… 
#Movie "The Wind in the Willows" (1996) 
Honestly might go to the movies alone I’m bored and I haven’t seen US 
Joan Clayton:"You must remember such incantations are dangerous. And you must never speak the Devil's… 
hmm (I take my hand from yours and flip through some movies) How about the bye bye man? It's suppos… 
RIP, Bibi Andersson 
Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries "Morning Show Mysteries: A Murder in Mind" is starting now!  #MorningShowMysteries… 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #8 #IYPT2019Nickel movie 2 of 2: Rocketship X-M (1950) Astronauts fly to moon using… 
My mother bought Terminator and Running man for my first VHS' Christmas 1990. Because of this, they… 
It's good! Go see it so Laika can continue to make underappreciated labor intensive movies that are fantastic at th… 
I blame you  for my new obsession with movies. I I’ve become a #Hallmarkies snob, on… 
movies on live tv are annoying when they cut out the good parts prime example: cutting out half of the song of “Grease Lightening”  
I often ask this question: the kind of people like bill gates, larry page, and so on, do they like to watch movies… 
New poster for the movie A DOG'S JOURNEY.#adogsjourney #movieposter #drama #adventure #dog #dogs #friendship… 
Is it giving you ideas ? You thinking what I’m thinking??? How fun would this be to do as… 
I got Painfully shy introvert who just wants to stay in and watch old movies! NOSSA. SIM. 
I love hearing the Wilhelm Scream in movies. It cracks me up -- so dramatic. 
Comebacks don't just happen in movies 
Of all the superhero movies I’ve seen, Shazam was definitely the most fun 
To my defense, I rarely watch movies, so I’m clueless. I immediately googled as soon as I left the theate… 
Just a quick reminder that Romeo and Juliet (1996) directed by Baz Luhrmann is one of the greatest movies ever and… 
It's our 35th Anniversary Season at SCERA Shell Outdoor Theatre and we're going to SHELL-a-brate! With musicals, co… 
I can hook you up with my 32gig USB it's have better movies for the whole year. Which is 52 weeks o… 
About once a month, sometimes more, depends on what's playing ... love going out to the mo… 
Elmwood movies is trifflin 
Most of these films are thriller/suspense movies NOT horror. I leave disappointed each… 
One of my favorite all-time movies is on . and are a kick-ass… 
Many afro-futurist/scifi/fantasy properties are in pre-production. Childre… 
While you are getting ready for the #GameofThrones premiere, what are some Pop Culture things you are looking forwa… 
I hate this trend of a song that starts out one way and then COMPLETELY turns after about 2 minutes."Movies" and… 
The 5 coolest things we saw at Star Wars Celebration, from VR Vader to a 'Mandalorian' 
Yeah, At the movies at 3:00am?... I’m not the only crazy peraon!!! Ernst and Brent are here too... — watching Game… 
She don’t like avengers movies 
It’s probably because I’m old but I’m at the movies and these trailers are so cringe I can’t even watch. 
John Travolta and Kelly Preston Honor Late Son Jett on His Birthday 
This brings up an odd question, could McQueen eat you? Like would humans count as a food sourc… 
Idk why but animals dying in movies doesn't phase me at allBut kids dying makes me depressed or upset 
I think the decline in interest is because not many people know movies from this era. I personally p… 
Movie world is now live and made it through Community Labs in less than a day! Over 80+ movies some in 3D. Will had… 
They are coming back. Don't they Disney movies on Netflix for these guys to watch? 
Everytime these two go to the movies they love to play in the photo booth after.  
Recently watched: “Hellboy” (2019)—Nowhere in the class of Guillermo Del Toro’s two movies this R rated reboot from… 
it’s so easy.  i’ve been doing it all afternoon while watching movies.  i find it very relaxing!  
All I been watching is Lifetime movies 
Terminator is in my top 10 movies. I will always prefer it to T2 even though that is not the popular opinion. 
In this episode we talk a little about movies and allot about nothing else!! 
California. Gold Rush. Silicon Rush. Immigration (Angel Island). America’s vegetable basket. The sta… 
Emily calls them “those movies about walking.” 
I absolutely recognize that they are objectively bad movies, but i still enjoy watching them. Objective… 
“Persona, on the other hand, I’m still proud of,” she said. “Each time I see it, I know I accomplished what I set o… 
Just got done watching Bumblebee and out of all the other Transformers movies this one is the best… 
Get you a girl who takes pictures of cars from your favorite movies. Not because she likes them but because you do. Goals 
As I watch all the marvel movies leading up to end game I have to say the are the best thing to happen to the MCU. 
Maybe it’s because all recent movies are complete garbage. 
Don't we already have lots of dog movies? What if there were just TWO versions ! 
I just saw someone dressed as the nun from the conjuring movies following this lady walking  I hate people  
#TheSilence is alright, it reminds me of Lovecraft’s Night Gaunts.They should make a new horror sub-genre about sen… 
I haven’t been because all the movies that come to my small town suck. 
The Mandalorian Poster. #starwars #disneyplus #themandalorian #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks… 
People think they’ll rise to the occasion. They’ve watched too many movies. You fall back on your level of… 
One of the few movies I almost always cry during even though I’ve seen it 79452947282 times  Such a tragedy 
Yeah true. Seems to be anime movies that people demand that don’t get a lot of streaming distribution… 
I love gob to the movies. Love it, I go every week. 
Yeah.  Sansa was clearly the one raised on early Disney movies while Arya was raised on Brave, Moana and Mulan. Just sayin’. 
“I don’t watch movies to be entertained.” Make sure you listen to the new 
Just like Disney can't stop remaking its own movies, I'm apparently gonna keep replaying my original toons for fres… 
Out of respect for those about to watch Game of Thrones. I'm placing my post of the Animated movies 60-51 to be pub… 
I #CantWaitTo go the mall, Dorney Park, the pool, movies and other places all spring/summer long. 
I need someone to talk to me who has knowledge on the X-Men movies. I’m confused AF on the timelines of everything 
this goes for all kinds of shows, books, and movies.i aint even finish season 8 and yall are me about shit r… 
One of the best movies of 2019 so far. 
Believe there is evil among us. Iam here to help for what I know you don’t understand but you refuse… 
Rewatching all the Marvel movies (I know...crazy), I think Black Panther is one of the strongest entries, but what… 
our love was made for movies screens 
The Devil Wears Prada (2006) summed up with cartoon #Movies #TV 
Movies cars can become instantly iconic. Here are 19 of the most iconic movie cars of all 
I'd rather watch 20 two hour long movies than 100 hours of television 
Is that why japan doesn’t let movies stream anywhere? 
Ah, shitty 2000's remakes of classic zombie movies that weren't endorsed in any way by the original creators. Nice. 
70mm FLATLINERS ARE YOU #movies #monsters #mayhem… 
Excited to see detectivepikachumovie next month on May 10th so I went to bestbuy and bought the first 3 movies and… 
I hate most home chores (seriously, who likes laundry? or dishes?). I can replace a kitchen sink, a… 
I get it. I do. No worries!  Are there any magical shows you have seen and liked? I love movies like Ch… 
Gundam 0079 is working a lot better as a movie series than as a tv show, I am noticing. Though admittedly, I only s… 
I’ve been watching the MCU movies. Down to 3 more... 
"Every generation has a legend." Is a #teaser #trailer? Yup. Do I care? Nope. Should you watch this RIGHT NOW? YES!… 
"Ad:" Funko POP! Jason Voorhees #361 Hot Topic Exclusive Friday the 13th Horror Movies Fant… 
Im lucky because we take our work guys out about once month to see movies.  We just saw SHAZAM! 
16 Dark Scenes From Kid’s Films That Ended Up Being 
Two Anakin Skywalkers Unite In Star Wars Celebration Photo - #StarWars 
#Movie "Heavy Weight on the Block 2" (2012) 
Pretty much. I think I have seen like 2 star wars movies... Maybe last one was with Natalie Portma… 
I haven't had a television in 6 years. I haven't watched a popular TV show even longer. I can't stand TV or movies.… 
What?  "Does movies and fatherhood" not have the same ring?.  Or better stil… 
now grease is on  they’re playing some good movies 
I watched 5 movies this weekend!  
I’m rewatching Marvel movies over and over until the 26th. Preparation is key. 
10 Times Rick And Morty Stole From Other Shows &amp; Movies 
Really, Christmas movies year round? I love them, but only at Christmas. And only after Thanksgivi… 
10 Times Rick And Morty Stole From Other Shows &amp; Movies Adult Swim's hit animated series… 
"The volunteers of Coffee Party USA have voted on the nominees for the 2018 Coffee Party Entertainment Awards for m… 
A sentimental favorite of mine – but there are so many really great movies from this year! 
I hadn't heard that! That's ok, the odd (vs even #) movies are statistically more likely to be better. A… 
I'd like to think we can care about all of the above. It's important to take time for self-care. incl… 
Filmmakers Jocelyn Moorhouse and PJ Hogan juggle movies and having children with autism - ABC News (Australian Broa… 
I’ve realized I watch Mission:Impossible movies because I really like the score. 
I hate those movies. 
House parties in movies always have the door open... Bugs are a thing... Why does this bother me? 
Game Of Thrones is coming.. #gameofthrones #hbo #blurays #movie #film #cinema… 
Agreed, no more of his movies, just cant watch. Disappointed. 
....burnout the generators and the fusion reactors kept too long at high output for a singular burs… 
But we already had to decent Hell boy movies... 
LOL same here man. I am very picky about my TV shows and movies, especially movies tho that are not sports events. 
one of my least favorite things is prequels to great movies bc it will never be as good as the first 
Critics are raving about Taraji. P Henson and Sam Rockwell’s performances in #TheBestOfEnemies.… 
You must be inside government and know exactly what the President is doing huh..is t… 
I’ve been doing this thing where I play records over shows and movies to see how they pair. 
I hope I’m able one day to organize my life as well Marvel organizes their introduction of characters and release of movies. 
What’s the protocol for going to the movies by yourself? Do I waste money on an extra ticket and not seek so lonely… 
With my computer in the shop, so to speak, I've spent the day watching movies of wildly varying quality. Hadn't see… 
these are all top-tier KIDS sports movies, but can't crack the top overall list unfortunately. MAYBE San… 
Man don’t tempt me of torrent. I have 2TB hard drive full of movies and shows thanks to torrents. Lol 
Life was so much better when all the Rocky movies were on Netflix 
Better still specIal edition of ALL star wars movies that replace every instance of the Wilhelm scream with the Goofy Holler 
SHAZAM is the best DC movie by far. It's funny, it's cute, and it really lives up to the source material. Definitel… 
Star Wars Episode IX: What the Emperor's Return Means for Rey 
INDEED. You can almost set your watch by what these people will say. It's all about them. The essence of hypocrisy… 
Movies last 2 hrs on average. Do you want a hollywood ending or a Tylor Traxler ending. I'd bet on th… 
One of the best movies ever made I was so hype whenever I saw it on there! 
No offense to the fans I like the series but I’m mixed to if it deserves to be remade. I mean it take place between movies 2&amp;3 
All the Star Trek movies rule in their own way. Nothing will beat Data stroking Riker’s chin after he’s shaved.#startrekinsurrection 
Let me know!  I loved the old Hellboy movies.  Wanna see the reboot.  Also, our first time in 4D will be… 
Sunday triple feature at Littleton. Comic book movies SHAZAM! and HELLBOY. Then shifting gears with Cl… 
Torrent sites... almost got sued for downloading movies about 7 years ago. I stay the fuck away from torrent sites. 
This looks like a great movie and all. But when are we going to get new one from 
"Interstellar" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Me the first day alone in my house after my roommates moved out: It is so nice to have alone time!!!!Me after tak… 
Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but haven't we remembered, honored, &amp; memorialized Pearl Harbor &amp; tho… 
Chose movies over working an extra few hours today.  
He's the best! LOL. Antman movies wouldn't be the same without Luis. 
And what movies and tv shows have you been in? 
Nolan's Batman fights sure. But his other movies, Dunkirk and Interstellar especially, have GOAT setpieces 
I really need people to help me build a sales infrastructure for my brands. Where are those perfectly fit people th… 
We promise. We won't offend you by going to your movies or purchase anything YOU promote.  Will that make you feel better??? 
What other good Netflix movies/shows to watch? 
Chilling Adventures of Sabrina Season 2 Episode 6 Recap 
Going to the movies by myself tonight. Fuck it, I need to clear my mind.  
When you say, "there two different types of movies", what do you mean by that exactly? 
Watch Constantine for FREE on Vudu 
Sci Fi Movies 2017 - Fantasy Movies 2017 - American Action Movies 2017_33 
Him: You're a writer?Me: Yes.Him: Then you're part of the (political ideology he hates) conspiracy!Me: (Lies)… 
I need to do that. I watch him play video games the least he can do it watch some movies with me  
Definitely the GA. But, The Fandom Menace has some influence… 
What movies are these? Are you talking about movies like Quiet Place? 
Haha! I do enjoy movies, but have some gaps in my moviegoing experience. 
OH GOD.Even Wonder Park DID MORE.A movie with a messy production, with NO director credited actually did more m… 
So the 1st one you saw was Ep 1? No wonder you had trouble getting onto it!  It's the only… 
The Hunger Games: Mocking Jay part 2... the best and saddest of all the movies. Smh 
Did You Catch The Phantom Menace Easter Egg In The Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Trailer? -… 
Movies along the river! Exploration Place will be using the exterior walls of their amazing building along the Arka… 
Horror movies have sucked badly lately but I enjoyed #Us 
#DrStrangelove has got to be one of the most quote worthy movies of all time. 
One of the best movies about the monotony that comes with military service. Should be watched in leadership trainin… 
TypicalTrumpTrick! Project onto others all the filthy rotten stinking shit he’s actually d… 
#FilmTwitter seems to have finally moved on from meaningless listicles about popular movies (8 reasons BACK TO THE… 
I'm watching Iron Man 2 (2010) #trakt 
Books and movies 
I’m sure all of the bleeding heart liberals and super lefties in Hollywood will take them in and give them wo… 
Yes and no.I buy food but I usually just buy a Soda.And two movies in a row? You must be lucky wi… 
I’m disabled. I go to the movies &amp; the occasional concert. My feed doesn’t show how long it takes to… 
Can you name the movie?......#80smovies #1980s #movies #singit #hum #coffeemugs #coffeetime #instagood… 
The first Avengers movie was in theaters the last time Tiger Woods won a major. 15 Marvel movies and 11 years lat… 
I've seen movies I really liked, but it did not define my life. 
There are new movies about the Jedi coming out, The council excpects to be payed 500.00 Crystals, per Page. 
#Movie "I, Anna" (2012) 
So my friend said that Aquaman was better than Thor: Ragnarok..... I'm really questioning if I can still be his fri… 
I've heard about that.  People even do it in camping movies I've seen. 
Me too. Are we wrong for taking pleasure in movies and tv shows while working to get T… 
I have Netflix account but I don’t like movies  
Phones look so much cooler in movies 
Cool, glad to help. Yea some movies rarely drop in price which sucks. 
I can multi-task. It’s ok to be excited about tv shows and movies, and want that bastard out. 
lego star wars game please have all 9 movies and some tv shows as DLC probablythat'd be nice 
movies have been exposing truth for decades. The Matrix and the binary system used in the movie is one of the most… 
Neither do I, just watch some good movies and shows. Mainly watch streaming now days honestly! 
My boss just gave me 3 movie tickets and told me I could see 3 movies by myself because I don't have a girl...I'm b… 
Finally went to the movies 
Cher, Do some research. You watch too many movies &amp; TV. Phones are mini computers; use it as a tool to learn, not j… 
Political Spirits Ep 31 - Transgender Bill Imperils Women's Sports,Leftists Attack Administration's Support and Th… 
Dark knight movies and before are the only good ones. This justice league universe is horrendous 
My life. Movies 
I usually stick to superhero movies because, well what I like, who cares, and why not. Hubs doesn't dig horror film… 
Bought some random movies yesterday. 
Is there a fee to watch movies on an international flight? 
Just got home from watching Shazam! Now to watch other movies until Game of Thrones starts... — watching Aquaman 
I'm watching between worlds with Nicolas Cage. Not one of his proudest movies. 
She doesn't read the subs, so I have to explain. I don't find that "together." It's only fair since she… 
"Game of Thrones": Burning questions heading into the final season 
TRUE STORY #stlouis #cardinals #314 #noahuniverse #motivationalquotes #movies #boxoffice #true #truestory #real… 
Good lord DC makes the worst movies 
Happy 61st Birthday to Peter Capaldi! The actor who played the 12th Doctor in Doctor Who, Mr. Curry in the Paddingt… 
OH MY GOD THATS ONE OF MY FAVOURITE MOVIES EVER 
IF THE PEOPLE OF THE EARTH DO NOT RESPOND, GOD WILL CONTINUE TO ADDRESS THE EARTH PEOPLE.  THE PEOPLE HERE MAKE MOV… 
10 Most Controversial Horror Movies Ever Made! #horror: Horror movies have brought horror fans scares and frights i… 
#starwars is great and all, but without John Williams score, it’s not as great. John Williams made those movies mat… 
Seriously when are you going to give us a play list feature for movies in 
ive amassed a compendium of illegally downloaded don cheadle movies 
Over here at genesee park With the family#Djlethal187 #Grindmode #Dj #funnymemes #lol #instagood #Instagram #Like… 
I still need to watch that. It's on my Netflix list behind all the Marvel movies lol. 
 It is  unbelievable and equally awesome to be able to watch Joe Bob host hor… 
Sweet! I haven't heard of either of those books. What kind of movies are you looking to create? 
Honestly, I figured it would be bad because of Blumhouse’s new strategy to dump all their worst movies o… 
Always in my top 5 movies of all time. 
I have done nothing but watch movies, play sims, and eat snacks today 
Ahem.. Begging your pardon. Two of us here at Retweet4Pete currently serving active d… 
We could not have been born in a better year. We grew up watching all of the Harry Potter movies as children and no… 
can I ask you few questions about your Marketing, do you guys charge all the product placements whi… 
What am I talkin' 'bout?  What are you talkin' 'bout?  You sent me a picture of Luke Skywalker--Star W… 
11TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
It's pretty funny movies like that 
The problem is we haven't seen enough of his character in movies.  Not dullness. 
If that's true then they have my money!I've been known to have a craving to watch the ori… 
Hahaha what a joke. Repeating the same movies ever since I was a kid.  
Superhero movies and their potential after credit scenes have done more to damage my bowels than anything Taco Bell can think of.#Shazam 
Did one of those movies have an actor sitting in a chair facing a mirror and a photo of Bruce Lee’s face… 
The semi-finals are going to be more thrilling than Quentin Tarantino movies. #CAFCL 
I like this theory for how it connects to the first two ST movies!There was a very distinct lack… 
Hotel Mumbai and Unplanned: Movies They Don't Want You to See 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!Captain Marvel #theavengers #captainmarvel… 
all disney movies are better in cartoon version 
Movies tonight anyone? 
And packing has begun. Movies are packed, now on to books. 
#GaanoKaKasabik Every marvel mcu movies i watched, advanced tickets and naka-reserve na cheetos #TheMorningRush 
The Colorado Rockies are having a pretty, well, rocky start to their season! Maybe they need a team-building movie… 
Out of all seriousness, this makes me worry. Think about other things that movies and shows have said and “predicte… 
I've seen too many horror movies about Hostels...mainly ones that are in different countries. 
Cmon, it’s easily in the bottom third of Star Wars movies. 
None of this is new. They literally gloat with movies and books. We have… 
You need to see it if you're into kids movies. Probably not rn though bc some of it makes me emo 
So i can download movies by getting connected with it? 
All good points.  When arguably terrible movies like Venom (which I inexplicably can… 
One of the best, if not the best, movies ever!!  Couldnt get it produced today for sure. I also loved B… 
I'm watching The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993) #trakt 
Some movies just don’t need a live action 
History Vs. Hollywood Site - How Accurate Are Movies or TV Shows Based On Real Life Events and People?… 
I'm watching Apocalypse Now (1979) #trakt 
Mom and I have been watching #TheHungerGames movies all day today...and she just made comparisons between Snow and… 
Will the live action characters live up to the originals?  #SundayFunday 
Finally someone seen it. its hilarious, omg in her shoes is perfect very relatable. Say hi… 
Aww- I remember as a kid always sitting in the front row at the movies- not realizing I was extremely… 
What is going on is that people are freaking out over a random coincidence amongst millions of fanboy… 
Do you appreciate indie filmmakers?Short Films &amp; Indie Movies | Indies Unite 
Neither have I  or any of the Star Wars movies  
i've been banging this drum for years but SBR deserves a series of movies by madhouse 
Ya no I really can’t stand Tyler Perry’s drama movies 
Action movies LIE lmao they don’t even try  
3. Superhero movies4. Democrats and Republicans 
The temptations on I’m so happy this one of my favorite movies 
This is why I only use kissanime for movies  i try finding other streams for shows 
God likes shitty movies 
Chose movies over winning. I respect it 
Why are kids movies more sad than adult movies?  
How bout instead of live action versions of animated movies/shows, we make animated versions of live action movies/shows 
#Movie "Freudian Slip" (2015) 
Studio ghibli movies give me lots of little feels, every single one of ‘em 
Amazon scores rights for #film adaptation of Casey McQuiston's forthcoming rom-com novel RED, WHITE &amp; ROYAL BLUE… 
Everybody being flaky about seeing Little but going to the movies alone is an old pastime of mines... 
I want him out of office so badly. This whole administration keeps me up st night and it seems like th… 
new movies 
What movies is that from? 
Stan is a super fan in America? Start talking Stan in Australia and they will think you are talking… 
Only Star Wars movie I didn't see in theaters. Huge mistake. It's exactly what I want from more Start Wa… 
I really hope you believe in the constitution and due process. Johnny Depp hasn’t been convicted of… 
I'm gonna say the politically incorrect thing -- I don't like crying men. Yes, if they lose a love… 
#transproblems when you go to the movies and have to pee when the movie starts and then have to wait until you’re h… 
This weekend I’ve been searching the Mummy movies. Some how I think they are pretty good. 
comes to the with TONIGHT. 
Been in any good movies lately? #TrumpTrash #TrumpPutinAlliance #TrumpTaxes #TrumpSexCrimes… 
I think it's kool for a comic movies in a way of having something to look forward too...but they ne… 
Hudson gets a booster seat at the movies. Sits down and says Ah now I look like an adult 
Fans would be fine with multiple movies in a year as long as the movies aren’t trash. 
Movies I need to rewatch: 
Nah save the tears for movies and cute videos. 
‘Shazam!’ Keeps Box-Office Lead as ‘Hellboy’ Flounders 
Can't think of anything bigger in sports in a long time than the sweeping the Indians. A comeback story unl… 
We've won 2 World Series since the last time you guys won one.  Nobody's made movies about how… 
Hot Take: If you unironically call Justice League your favorite movie of 2017 but then call The La… 
Sundays are for sitting on the couch under blankets with your sister and switching movies on cable every half hour 
What marvel movies I need to watch to prepare me for endgame? I have time on my hands. 
Its 21st century papa even those movies with age restrictions are no longer obeyed i wonder how this… 
HT Fascinating read on the movies that were so provocative, sexy and daring that American prudes trie… 
I watched too many movies growing up maybe 
Budget ya new movies ga e go lol 
Pet peeve.If you go to the movies take your trash with you. I might me the ushers job to clean the theater. Howev… 
The Perfect Date! Another one of those cheesy Netflix movies but it was great! #NoahCentineo #TheperfectDate 
Incels?Wtf are you smoking?Bro the last jedi has plot holes everywhere and retcon… 
If Reylo doesn't happen in IX, then it was because of the anti- backlash.  I mean, you don… 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!Captain America the Winter Soldier #theavengers… 
I just bought The Land Before Time complete collection, so my goal of the week is to make my hubby watch all 14 Lan… 
Like if you remember when actresses only starred in movies OR tv. 
My main point is J.J./Lucasfilm is finally including Lucas again in telling the story of… 
Bibi Andersson, Luminous Presence in Bergman Films, Dies at 83 - The New York Times 
I’m taking myself to the movies tonight alone or not idc  
7 Movies I Love and What They Say About Me via 
Box office: ‘Shazam!’ holds onto top spot as ‘Little’ tops ‘Hellboy’ 
I am indifferent to the ICE AGE movies, but the Scrat shorts are bloody masterpieces. 
Yall should actually stop playing movies Once ! 
And we all proud of you... FIGHTING WITH MY FAMILY.. is not the one of the best movies but it's the o… 
#NowWatching one of my all time favorite movies. 
That's a good one, but unfortunately I've seen it many times over. I guess I've consumed too much media,… 
It’s been a hard day of watching movies &amp; chilling with my mommy. We love days we get to snuggle! #snugglebunnies… 
I would rather watch Steven Segal and Chuck Norris movies#ThanGoBackToMyEx 
  Check out January 1946 #ShowBoat  #ZiegfeldTheatre playbill Oscar Hammerstein Buddy Ebsen 
All of these movies are on prime and wtf is Delta? 
Block him. He's the type of douchebag that has nothing better to do than troll people and act supe… 
Superheroes, genies, and monsters, oh my! What summer blockbusters are you most excited to see?… 
I saw #LittleMovie yesterday. It was a good time at the movies. We laughed s… 
WADR, I’m disturbed that “I Am Evidence,” a movie that peddles a false narrative about the rape kit backlog, has a… 
Honestly watching movies with sex scene as a teenager I always wondered why they only get to show a lady completely… 
Work hard till I become a professional model just like I'm a Mr Commonwealth SA 2019 Finalist. One… 
Men Cropped Neck Muscle Fit Gym #giveaway #contest #win #competition… 
It is a bit unfortunate that Disney could not escape their family friendly approach to storytelling… 
ideal or two you have to change our capitalistic government before you can ever start believing in… 
I left off movies that I suspect would go see with me 
Crying over movies truly is my thing . 
every single time I think is gonna turn it around they disappoint with movies like womp 
I just watched Alita: Battle Angel (2019) #trakt 
Someone please suggest a website where I can stream a movie. Latest movies please. 
I’m a nurse and for anyone who opposes this please spend some time with Hospice patients and those who are act… 
'Star Wars' movies will 'take a pause' after release of 'The Rise of Skywalker' 
Sekiro got me watching hella samurai movies.So far 13 Assassins, Blade of the Immortal and 7 Samurai are done. 7 Samurai was so long 
My ability to laugh and get true enjoyment from ultra violence in movies is a personality trait I would never trade for anything. 
Lighten up.  Candidates we don’t support can/will win elections.  We work, pay bills, watch sports/mov… 
Amazon prime got allllll the lil good movies  
When dceu reaches 21 movies the mcu already be well passed 18 billion, so you don't gotta worry 
Shipping myths:Discussion of how Luke and Leia's relationship evolved as the movies were made. Showed archival it… 
CircaWaves - Movies [05:21] 
The one I see in the movies. I dont know how many there are 
The books are 10x better than the movies. I really like them! 
Big deal, no shower on a weekend. and I go weeks without a shower! Count your BLESSI… 
And as for movies disney hands down has better movies, and classics 
Filmmakers Jocelyn Moorhouse and PJ Hogan juggle movies and having children with autism - ABC News 
Impressive: "Shazam!" superpowers itself to second consecutive box office victory 
Movies and my husband 
DARTH BANE JEDIS AND SITHS 3 movies Darth Plaguis three movies jedis and siths Darth Nihilius 2 movies from darkhor… 
Are we allowed to say everything? I feel like I could picture all of my books as movies! 
I loved this section of the newspaper for some odd reason. I'd plan movies I'd go see if my coint was right 
This is a horrific idea, and LILO and Stitch May be one of my favorite movies ever 
Timothy Olyphant Explains The Real Difference Between Acting on Stage and In Movies | Conan #Movies #TV 
I painted Cameron from Ferris Bueller's Day Off. #Movies #TV 
ive never seen any of the hell boy movies but damn, people seem to really hate this one 
By your logic every movie must be same cause there humor in majority of movies today and in the past,… 
SABC and recycling the same movies for the past 20 years  
NEXTBEAUTY Portable Mini IPL Hair Removal 500,000 #giveaway #contest… 
My only issue is when you do it with movies I've not seen, and want to see. Then I have to dodge Twitt… 
It seems its being considered in lots of movies lately. 
Realistic Horror movies for millennials:murderer: meet your doom millennial:oh this is finna be totes grand I… 
Stop giving me live action remakes of Disney animated movies and give me a dang animated remake of the live action Newsies. 
Good day for us to eat, snack &amp; watch movies  
I also watched Bumblebee this weekend &amp; that was much better than I thought it was going to be, easily… 
Back to back movies turbo  
#Movie "Metal: A Headbanger's Journey" (2005) 
I always thought this only happened in the movies. 
People get so upset over the plotline of Star Wars movies. It's really quite funny. 
Plastic Microbeads: They’re Bad (and Gross). But Together We Can Stop Them. 
The buzz around #ShazamMovie made Rachel &amp; I hopeful that it would be another fun comedy hiding in a superhero movi… 
I would the happiest person alive IF I could just play a role in one of your movies 
 your entertainment reporter has not seen any of the Star Wars Movies. Not sure Brook has a big future i… 
PLEASE view just click … … … #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent #magazines… 
Oof. I actually haven’t read any of the boooks or seen any of the movies. No idea! 
They don't have same type of brand as disney they ain't got the movies, the animation or superheroes… 
Lucasfilm Says Rian Johnson's Deeply Engaged With Future #StarWars Plans - 
We picked 25 good movies for you to watch on Netflix this month! 
I Listen To So Many Murder Podcasts, Watch So Many Murder Shows/Movies, Everytime I See A Bag On The Side Of The Ro… 
I'm watching Guava Island (2019) #trakt 
I love this one. It's a great series of movies. 
One of a very small handful of Disney movies I've never seen before. I decided I'd save the last fe… 
7 was *meh* for me, so I'm skipping everything after.Also skipping all Marvel movies, have not seen… 
theres always so much sex in the movies &amp; series i watch , i duno if its me or what  
I'm still learning, the teachers say that i'm the best in my class. Y study a lot, i wathc videos, i… 
It’s why we watch. Better than movies. And way more positive than most of the news thrown ou… 
Looks great visually but in every single way possible, a total clone. The ones you mentioned plus pitch… 
Beetlejuice Wedding Scene is recommended for me in “Horror Movies - Topic” how on brand that is 
They made Istanbul for those movies Taken 3 and skyfall. Nothing else dramatic and life changing ne… 
Beautiful home.  Looks like the perfect place to marathon movies and host game night.  Congratulations.  Well deserved. 
Agreed, plus kids leave huge messes. Kids movies are hell to usher for, especially when bi… 
Meet your new hero. #SignInAndSave now through #EXTRAS for your tickets to see 
The fact that so many movies from the 90’s and early 2000’s use the R word makes me sick to my stomach. 
friday movies,  saturday picnic, be ready 
I watched spider-verse today and A: It was SO fucking good like one of my top 5 movies definitely, and B: I want, to make a spidersona now 
Why they always put Albanians into movies as villains 
I have a weird addiction to Thriller/Horror movies so I’m all for it  
Happy Birthday to my favourite youtuber, I love each of your channels. You have given me so many gut bu… 
i feel bad for people who would watch noah centineo movies over odaat 
The bookshelf pulled me back in actually. Really liked the design. The 20mins after that was… 
Not ashamed to admit that #coyoteugly is one of my favorite movies 
When you attempt to order snacks from the concession stand, while high, at the movies: 
Their “original” movies were all based off of fairy tales that existed before them, they’ve never been original 
Now watching and enjoying #thetrust by Nicolas Cage and Elijah Wood, #movietwit #moviepass #MovieBox… 
Well...we still got the original Paramount movies on multiple media, so I guess that's where we're at. 
Includes conservative media like Fox. Disney won't get me to watch Fox movies. 
I hate scary movies but I want to watch them with you 
I keep wanting to stop watching romantic movies during that part when everything is good and happy, just before it… 
Reading Chapter 3 of Twilight &amp; Charlie is obviously tryin &amp; deserves way more credit then the movies give him for… 
I wanna hang out and watch movies soon!!! You're a very cool person!  
Netflix probably has so many new cool movies now......I need to get me a Netflix account. 
Obi-wan and Anakin even some Qui-Gon cause he discovered how to become force ghost anyway.Give us Asokha… 
My favorite posters &amp; Marvel movies! Can’t wait for Vol. 3. - Designed by Matt Ferguson 
Do you question the agendas of movies that exclusively feature white men? jw 
American movies that start with a voiceover saying "Dear Office of Admissions..." literally always are good 
Watching scary movies is the same as watching stupid people jog in place thinking they’re going somewhere ~ Of all… 
What Episode 9 needs to deliver:Why was Snoke Important (1 movie of Mystery, 1with just him talking and 'dying') N… 
Live! Home from the movies do that means it's time to jump back into some Elite Dangerous! Finding some black holes… 
Q&amp;A: Aiden Ashley on Sharing Her SoulAbove, Aiden Ashley in Insomniac (BurningAngel)The phrase “intense” is toss… 
Try the scotch tape move they always do in the movies... that should give you a hint. 
LMAO EXACTLY LIKE SOMETIMES THE ANIMATION COMMUNITY FRUSTRATES ME TO NO FUCKING END WE HAVE ORIGINAL… 
   “Cult” is what outsiders call a sect of the population whose opinions differ from their own.Though… 
SERIOUSLY Why are tv shows/movies so dark these days? 
Can we stop with all the live action movies of our classics  just make new cartoon movies smh! Don’t kill our g… 
Last night i watched 3 movies = +- 6hrs, interlocking my hair  #GirlsWithDreadlocks 
republicans go to marvel movies too 
Disney and Pixar animated movies. 
New trailer offers first look at the next 'Star Wars' film, 'The Rise of Skywalker' 
Play LOCAL Movies  
Watching Downton Abbey and/or Jane Austin movies while in the bathtub. 
Name your favorite scenes from superhero movies that give you chills or goosebumps.... 
My son got me watching the same movies over and over again!!! 
To scary movies... 
I watched only best of any movies and + add up of Subtitle for two times. #AboutMe 
Yesterday we went through all the Marvel movies I haven't seen, and for half a se… 
Hunchback of Notre Dame is one of the most underrated Disney movies ever 
I can't even watch his movies anymore. Can't stand #RobertDeNiro 
Tom Cruise: Have you seen any of my movies?Me: Yeah, weren't you in American Psycho.T… 
Probably Groot? what they did with him in the Gotg movies is just way too charming 
I wanna watch horror movies with the loml in the dark alone in our house with the sound blasting off the speakers.  
I enjoy watching series more than movies but once episodes are an hour long I start to re-evaluate my purpose in life. 
Augh!  That's so annoying when things like this happen, especially the glare to watch movi… 
That’s probably the move I tried to do chronological once it was cool for the first few movies after that I was kinda over it 
Mxm we pay for kak. Even is playing old movies all the time. Kak. must just finish the investigation 
your UI is terrible. If I purchase movies I should not have to dig to find them.  The app crashes const… 
Batho ba badlalang this movie tshwantse a tswe pension so graduates can get employed and play better movies, this s… 
I'd honestly also round it to six and add Ant Man and the Wasp.It also sets them up best for the next phase of movies. 
Hai get new movies. How many years now? 
I don't feel terrible cramps but I acknowledge others have it. It'd be great if people do research befo… 
“these two dudes are 17-30 years old, best friends, and dumb as rocks” is an entire genera of movies 
As far as Alfred Hitchcock movies go, Rear Window is my favorite. Suspense is excellent. Old version. 
Disney has all there disney movies and vault movies, Pixar, marvel, fox movies, natural geographic, d… 
Today I am visiting one of my all-time favorite places with my kids - our local library. The library is a great r… 
I think the only American lgbt movies I've liked.....Shelter &amp; Love, Simon......I stomached Make The Yuletide Gay..… 
WALKING DEAD composer Bear McCreary scoring MGM &amp; Orion's big-screen CHILD'S PLAY reboot #film #movies 
Get yourself boring movies, they'll send you to sleep. 
My wife and I love the Ant-Man movies. With supporting cast members like Luis, it has its own spec… 
And you can't fight the tears that ain't comingOr the moment of truth in your liesWhen everything feels like the… 
My childish ass still hasn’t watched Star Wars. Which movies should I watch? 
Also there doing marvel what if shows with the voice actors from the movies, how top that? and not to… 
Now my question is what order are you doing the marvel movies in? 
Would it make sense to have a dual monitor setup, a 4K monitor for watching movies and a 1080p 144hz monitor for ga… 
Charming Savage Events via #GameofThrones #GOT #GOT8 #TheWalkingDead… 
It took me a decade or more to… 
so far I’ve accomplished 3 Disney movies and 1 paper, I’m on a roll 
It's almost like marvel started with lester known characters and built them huge vs DC using there kn… 
Guys, I'm gonna level with you. Pet Sematary isn't very good. My 
#Movie "The Green Zone" (2010) 
Playful Clark Gable in Loretta Young home movies, on the snowy set- thanks to Jon Mirsalis collection  
You can be anti abortion and not support movies like Unplanned at the same time 
OMG why this is not portrayed in bollywood movies, son son son bolne vale hi kyu dikhate ho?… 
SABC i have better movies on my laptop, if u need a plug hit me up 
And that movies old AF  
I'm watching Everest (2015) #trakt 
Hey all, Dani here. I should probably start this post by saying that it is a great time to be a geek/nerd. There ar… 
Hey so instead of complaining about live action Disney movies how about everyone go throw their money at Laika and… 
Christian movies characterize all black people as Jar Jar Binks. 
Brb torrenting the Harry Potter movies 2 cure my addiction  
m4u movies. 
Imagine if local talent was actually given a chance and you guys didn’t have to repeat these same movies time and again  
"Some of my favorite memories growing up were watching classic movies on repeat with my younger brother, and “On Ou… 
'Say Anything' cast: Where are they now? 
Ingxali we are led by incompetent ppl. Such ideas are brilliant, also playing these kinds of retros is… 
Jacqueline makes a lot of horror movies and hearing the audience jump and make noise was fantastic #ClexaCon #Passage 
Some movies are just worth watching more than once. 
Easy riders... #becausenerd #podcast #itunes #googleplay #stitcher #tunein #spotify #marvel… 
AVENGERS: ENDGAME confirmed to feature Stan Lee's final cameo #film #movies #Marvel #MCU… 
"Amanda, you don't deserve that ring. If Bobby saw the way you carry yourself he'd be disgusted by the sight of you… 
It was one of the best movies. Just loved it. 
ban  superhero  movies(and let's sh*tcan star wars and harry potter while we're at it) 
What’s he going to do, ban all Republicans from going to the theater to watch his lousy movies.  
For me, Prisoner of Azkaban has a completely different/better energy than the first two movies (which I… 
Here’s a list of movies/TV shows with “Game” or “Throne” in the title that I have never seen:Game NightEvery Hung… 
Girl same! I was literally just saying this to Trey the other night. That kid is perfect! I can’t wa… 
I got lucky seeing Godzilla (1998) at age 10 and Godzilla 2000 at 11. I don't always have a lot of t… 
Stop watching movies and tv shows about rich people. 
One of the few movies i ever walked out of. Impending doom in every scene. 
Watching Romeo Must Die and I’m wondering a few things. 1. Why did I think this was a classic?2. Jet Li and Aaliy… 
10TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
We won't forget you either Punchy.  Maybe we need to go full Antifa on this guy and instead of jus… 
I’m watching cartoon movies all day 
Patience is the  #patience #news #dj #usa #canada #paris #haiti #island #music #photography #imagines #lifestyle… 
Talk about throw throw throw back,do you know how many movies have been released after this movie?Play those movie… 
 watched 2 movies in the last week and both screens were too dark. Galveston and hotel Mumbai 
"Bibi Andersson, Luminous Presence in Bergman Films, Dies at 83" by ANITA GATES via NYT The New York Times 
Breaking video news: Bibi Andersson, Luminous Presence in Bergman Films, Dies at 83" via NYT #movies #films 
Well robert we will not forget your stupidity and your anti American sentiments - you are one of the… 
Movies will be good too. Lol 
From NY Times: "Bibi Andersson, Luminous Presence in Bergman Films, Dies at 83" 
Chilling watching Incredibles 2. I love to watch animation movies that brings the family back in the living room. 
I can't read yow there are nice movies today fuck ,this TV is holding me back  
I know people complain about bringing old things in the new Star Wars movies back but I’m glad Lando is… 
STOP trying to literally kill a good type of media  !!!  Just stick to what you are good at and ma… 
Filmmakers Jocelyn Moorhouse and PJ Hogan juggle movies and having children with autism 
OoooooI’m scared . He FORGOT he’s only tough in his movies. 
Day 1 of my Movie Challenge. I was nominated by LeAnna Shields. Each day I am to post just an image no explanation… 
Ehh I don't live tweet shows /movies unless they've been out a while and I'm… 
No tv after 9pm. We had to go to bed. Yho he'd freak out if you watch a "16LV" Movie.  . I'm 23 and this man told m… 
Yho i remember how my dad was so strict about what we watch. Before a movie, he'd check the age restriction. We wer… 
I know I’m a fan of jung woo sung but pls who even watches movies... I need episodes. Horrible quality iga ilaali 
I’m really not one to get into the racial politics of movies but last years best picture winner had a scene where a… 
"Heat" my favorite movies of all time.But since you opened your BS month on the top of politics and ba… 
If this isn't a troll or deliberate overreaction...then this is just disturbing and pathetic. I love the o… 
U have a problem: unable to take BS any longer, same as most everyone else. NOTION: Tranny per state &amp; US… 
Your site is very misleading because the “BUY” button is just renting.  Make a REAL  movie website… 
"Iron Man 2" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
U have a problem: unable to take BS any longer, same as most everyone else. NOTION: Trannny per state &amp; U… 
How about shortening your ad breaks,  a 90 minute movie takes you guys 2.5 hours to play, or rather start your… 
Why the actual fuck do people never watch Laika movies?? They're so fucking goooodd 
Is it normal to ugly cry over horrible lifetime movies and not be on your period ? #sundayfunday 
I believe De Niro acting as a badass as he does in his movies has warped his brain into thinking he's real… 
But fr I’ll slide we can watch movies and I’ll even buy food fym  
I’m dedicating this Sunday to watching all the fast and furious movies 
Pet Peeves: I can't watch any of my fav shows w/o being reminded either by celebrity or writers who demean, diminis… 
I DONT LIKE HORROR MOVIES 
You are expected to pay your TV license so u can watch old movies. SABC you r not serious 
I want to watch too! I love these movies! 
For the movies, I'd say the key grip. 
can  Danielle go to the movies with Dean LaRue 
I agree with everything. Pero se ve bien  so I will probably keep watching the dumb movies 
I'm watching A Star Is Born (2018) #trakt 
“This is why you all cried in the movies.”  
All these are great movies don’t get me wrong but for a plane ride they’re boring as fuck. Get some Marvel in that bih 
Me: it’s movies like these that make me wanna have a babyMy brother: well quit watchin it 
New #AvengersEndgame Promo Looks Back On The Journey So Far - 
Ok I won’t forget to boycott your movies and every time your ugly face appears in tv, I switch to another channel. 
Lol mara why did Chinese movies hype us so much 
I'm watching Bicentennial Man (1999) #trakt 
Happy Gilmore made its way back into my life. I have rotating favorite movies and happy Gilmore is top 3 again lol. 
About last night is still one of my favorite movies..the first 30 minutes-1 hour anyway 
Grease is one of the best movies of all time don’t me 
Mostly because a lot of the times the way SW fans who read every piece of SW fiction act to so… 
Yeah im sure some women like seeing men get hyped over the nba playoffs and the new joker… 
Heres a little movie trivia 2 help the day go by. Name this talented childhood star The person with the correct an… 
Happy 25th anniversary, The only thing comparable was that day in 1982/1983 when I came back to my first-job… 
Second one is a sequel and a reboot, it's self parody. First one was unintentionally funny (in a good… 
Cuddling, movies, food 
First Sunday off in months.. I wanna go to the movies  
Movies you think are great but don’t personally enjoy 
#TigerWoods #TheMasters  Cut your cable bill in half $39 over 6000 channels and movies Contact Us #Trending #Tiger 
I'm watching Alita: Battle Angel (2019) #trakt 
Taylor Swift is the next villain in the Avengers movies. 
I would be living a pretty boring life if I held every person involved in my entertainment to my set o… 
Crazy Rich AsiansSex and the city Save the last danceI have watched this movies over a 100th times 
Does coto movies work on it? 
out of all the Marvel movies, Winter Soldier, bruhs!?then a "honorable mention" for TDK.smh my head. 
Yeah I agree. She’s always been my least favorite part of those movies. I just can not buy that she… 
You know I don't troll about good movies! But also your choosing is your own and I accept it. 
The most surreal part of my weekend was a verbal debate over whether James Cameron should make more Avatar movies t… 
I’m sick of them and people really think these movies are good. 
Anyone know if HBO has officially started showing movies in their original aspect ratio? Checked three different 2.… 
I've been painting movie scenes lately and thought I'd share. Here is Beetlejuice. #Movies #TV 
‘Psych: The Movie 2’ Adds Joel McHale &amp; Jimmi Simpson, Timothy Omundson to Fully Reprise His Role After Recovering… 
Whatcha watchin' this weekend? Any #Harryhausen movies? Maybe 7th Voyage of Sinbad or Jason and the Argonauts?… 
This is why I QUIT going to the movies or supporting PEDOWOOD THRYVCAN CARE LESS ABOUT THE POOR &amp; T… 
Happy 25th Anniversary Turner Classic Movies gave me a place to bask in the wonderful world of old movies. I l… 
Exactly I mean in movies ppl smoking looks cool. No badass play by their own rules anti hero looks cool vaping! Haha 
"Ad:" Funko POP Vinyl Leatherface 11 Texas Chainsaw Massacre Horror Movies rare Fantasy: Fl… 
End. Of. Watch is this one of my favourite movies, just straight up sauce  
#Movie "Roundabout American" (2012) 
There's still time to catch up for the final season of 
Saw a friend doing itMy Top 5 MCU Movies1) Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse2) Ant-Man3) Iron Man 24) Captain… 
Best part of any of the Transformers movies. I just wanted an entire War for Cybertron film after this opening scen… 
Just sitting here... minding my own beeswax.Then bulb just busts and breaks... I've watched too many movies... i… 
seriously inka movies trolls, heros trolls anni stop cheyyali... each and every her… 
your broke ass can't pay $9.99 for 2 apps with unlimited music and movies? 
Going to the movies by myself and the mall in one of y’all daddy cars  
I’ll rather watch movies than  #ThanGoBackToMyEx 
Well i would say take a character you love. I have no head character as well so.. (I got Clove)Have you seen the movies? 
Celebrities Who Vanished After Their Movies Bombed 
I just watched Good Time (2017) #trakt 
My type of movies   
Thank you so much! Its great to hear this praises from you. Hahahahaha me too! Its like the list of marvel movies w… 
Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries "Morning Show Mysteries: A Murder in Mind" Premiering tonight, April 14th at 9pm/8c! Wh… 
Its no coincidience that movies are coming out and warning us over and over of the same thing. Also in addition for… 
This is fake. They announced all movies coming out this year to 2023 BUT there are untitled live action films in 20… 
Literally abt to go to the movies by myself or something... I’m dying of boredom 
No offense but it wasn't a comparison to the design and timing of First Avenger. Though… 
I’ve seen like 3 movies so I’m just lashing out 
Funny how there were none of these movies or tv shows back when obama occupied the White House. 
Why’s that a plot-hole?   There are adults who’ve never seen Back to the Future or a Star Wars film… 
Wtf? Stick to cod. Opinion is 1 thing. Uncontested greatest movies etc.... not even close. Calmdown6! 
         Oh your not, are you?  What you gonna do? Not make any more movies for me not… 
How do you find these shows/movies?! 
Don’t know never watched it, but I guess being massive people see it as non fiction like movies, 
I just want some girl friends that just want to sit at home with me and watch movies and talk about life 
You can't avoid it forever lol. one way or another Madea movies will find your eyes 
Being open on Sunday here at work is extremely unnecessary... all we do is watch movies  
(You are very good at talking about movies) 
I can't and I won't watch any of his movies ever again!! 
One of my very favorite old movies made even more awesome by you putting our best President ever in it.… 
aww! ernie, so sweet! our Bodhi likes to watch horror movies… 
I like this new coach he’s making movies like Nick 
I'd make a movie about Kathleen Kennedy making star wars movies so I can film scenes fro… 
Trust me we know time to cut the cord check us out when you get the chance  $39 over  6000 channels LIVE… 
Omg. You and your lifetime/hallmark Xmas movies hahahaha. I die. 
Trust me we know time to cut the cord check us out when you get the chance  $39 over  6000 channels… 
i’m currently at the movies ab to watch Captain Marvel, meaning i finished all the MCU movies... so should i start… 
Trust me we know time to cut the cord check us out when you get the chance  $39 over  6000 channels LIVE TV Movies And TV Shows 
New #ASMR video! In this one, I whisper into your ears about the movies I watched during the first quarter of 2019.… 
I kind want to study cinema now, I dont know what it is happening (but I think i would like to work in horror movie… 
my dad forced me to watch the iron man movies when i was in high school and i hated them and wanted not… 
That's the problem. Rian Johnson just doesn't get Star Wars and how to do it. But his work is definitely differen… 
I want to sign for a european movies site so see as many weird european movies as possible. They are so interesting… 
I’m generally not great at talking movies, but this one reminded me why I wanted to do a movie podcast with my frie… 
Just beautiful. I saw young and old feeling sexy and powerful. Everyone cheering everyone on. It was def like the s… 
I know im being more specific on it. Since DC barely make movies 
Movies will be made of this moment.  
Today I cooked and ate some bacon cheeseburgers and watched two “Bring It On Movies”. Successful Sunday. 
You are always welcome!  You are already a part of the family so its not really a big thing.  Movie S… 
Combined the short "Diamond Age" with the original Golden Age.Golden Age of Monster Movies: 1953 to 1968 (Incomple… 
I slightly reorganized how I categorize the history of giant monster/dinosaur films. Stone Age of Monster Movies:… 
Episode coming Tuesday! It's one of our favorite movies we've discussed on the show. Like a lot of Kurosawa's movie… 
I adore old black &amp; white #movies. Great acting, story lines &amp; actual plots. Why do so many limit themselves &amp; stee… 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!GLASS/ Justice League vs the fatal Exclusive#glass #justiceleague #blurays… 
What are your go to #birthday #giftideas ? This #moviepass gift is one of my favorites.  #crafting#movie #movies… 
Movies with My Little  
I’ve never seen Game of Thrones either, but I really like the Star Wars movies!  Jake got me on them! 
Merch has always made MORE (WAY MORE) than the movies. So if they merch sales are dyi… 
I was mainly referring to the original movies. I also saw the new Planet of the Apes and Rise of the… 
Can't decide if I want to go to the library and write or stay home and watch more horror movies 
Still bothers me to this day that most movies were filmed in Chicago during Obama's reign. Not a fan of h… 
Someone come over after work to cuddle and watch movies  
Lol, I was just waiting for his mother to walk by and ask him if he wants his bath now or at 7pm. How… 
You know you’re where you’re supposed to be when what you’re doing/where you are awakens something in your soul and… 
Breaking video news: As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse" via NYT #movies #films 
"As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse" by BROOKS BARNES and CARA BUCKLEY via NY… 
This is despicable. We now need movies and TV shows to resist. TDS 
You won't get 2/3 of the population in college like China, but you will get more sports, bad movies and reality sho… 
From NY Times: "As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse" 
Spending my day watching all the Twilight movies. Fight me. 
I tried to suppress the memories because there are some movies so bad it doesn't matter who is starting in it. 
The TV area part is super nice. The storage is nice, but with all my movies &amp; CD's I own, I would need wa… 
good marvels movies 
Movies In Bed W/ Bae Kinda Day 
I'm realizing how many movies I haven't seen... 
Those are two good movies or by choice at the hellboy is a hell of a movie  
Hai people that chop during movies  
conspiracy???? (movies buy the #1 trending spot) #pigs #shanedawsonconspiracy 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier: One of the best Marvel movies out there. Also loved the addition of Bucky and… 
They say Denzel Washington and Will Smith, don’t make black movies, they just make movies. They have reached that l… 
I always watch romance movies and imagine im the main character which the guy falls in love with...just so i know h… 
Try should show the latest season when it drops and has all the other ones 
"As Hollywood Embraces Diversity, Jobs for Female Directors Remain Sparse" by BROOKS BARNES and CARA BUCKLEY via NYT 
Escape LA, Escape New York, Great Movies. Hollywood exposed the plan and who wants to live in deep state sanctuary.… 
That is where Tamil movies score much more effectively than in the urban centers. 
I’m going to be honest, I don’t watch TV at all. I hardly ever watch Netflix and only go watch movies once in a blu… 
That's a good point. Plus they tend to like more spectacle movies and had Wandering Ear… 
I haven't watched all of the Lord of the rings or any Harry Potter movies. Your not alone sis 
True...the behind the scenes drama &amp; the fanbases can ruin the passion for any shows/movies 
all these people listening to 80s rock now because of all the movies coming out are cracking me up. Like y’all BEEN… 
this is why I can’t watch movies with my mom 
Breaking video news: ‘Shazam!’ Keeps Box-Office Lead as ‘Hellboy’ Flounders" via NYT #movies #films 
"‘Shazam!’ Keeps Box-Office Lead as ‘Hellboy’ Flounders" by GABE COHN via NYT The New York Times 
"‘Shazam!’ Keeps Box-Office Lead as ‘Hellboy’ Flounders" by GABE COHN via NYT 
Top 5 Underated Movies:5. All 4. Movies3. Are Equally2. Appreciated1. An Extremely Goofy Movie 
and repeating movies neh...if i dont get a role for knowing all the words of all the movie repeats...What are… 
I need to learn how to download movies so I don't have to watch the same movies over and over again  
From NY Times: "‘Shazam!’ Keeps Box-Office Lead as ‘Hellboy’ Flounders" 
raise your hand if you’re in need of platonic cuddles and crying your eyes out to the cliché endings of romance mov… 
Ashanti - Movies 
each Filipino love team has at least 5-6 movies together. there are a few pairs off the top of my head tha… 
Can Netflix stop coming out with these really cheesy movies because of course I’m going to watch them all and cry. 
I haven’t been to the movies in forever, but I made this #CaptainMarvel Goose bracelet because who doesn’t love cat… 
Geez naija movies Yo! U really dont want ur ex 
2/3  Ant-Man (as with a couple of other MCU films) reflects a weakness- within the individual films and… 
I love factual, biographies, drug related, fraud and innovation shows/movies. 
You're more up-beat and sporty. You love old movies, making videos, and watching live bands play your favorite tune. 
Wow I didnt know they were doing horror movies 
princess and the frog really one of my fav Disney movies  
#Movie "Rocksteady: The Roots of Reggae" (2009) 
I have two sides. One side loves puppies and Disney, the other loves horror movies and rock and roll.  
It’s surprising how many movies a Tom Petty tune pops up in. If you’re a movie fan but not a fan of his and… 
The fact that John Kani has been in 3 Disney/Marvel movies in 3 years is massive, the cherry on top is that he is a… 
Coworkers stack Hammer horror movies on my desk without prompting. I’ve never seen Vampire Circus 
"‘Shazam!’ Keeps Box-Office Lead as ‘Hellboy’ Flounders" by GABE COHN via NYT #petlovesbest 
I’m such a crybaby I love romance movies  
Watched three Rock movies over the last couple of days:Rampage,Skyscraper and Jumanji:Welcome to the Jungle.Rampage… 
When I see movies with Robin Williams I get emotional 
Probably one of the most underrated movies of the year, Missing Link is a must watch for all, but will you be able… 
I don’t trust people that are addicted to horror movies 
While GOTG did embrace the trend of silly, comedic comic book movies, some argue Thor 3 executes this concept bette… 
STARZ on Hulu has the best movies You’re welcome 
5 Down to the river to pray - Alison Krauss - Oh Brother Where Art Thou.A few of my favourite artists mixe… 
Our brains are computersLike in the MATRIXTV Movies Church Schools etc Load our brain/computer with… 
I’ve only seen about half of the marvel movies and now I’ve watched so many of them out of order than that I just g… 
Fun to hear Bill Hader geeking out about classic  movies while introducing MAD LOVE this morning. He's just like us… 
one thing i never understood about post apocalyptic type shows or movies is, why do humans turn on one another? u w… 
 for the past two days I've received an "error!" message when I try to confirm my ticke… 
The number of movies that I personally love because they're visually stunning but also scream about their plot &amp; wr… 
New Post: When, how much, what shows, movies 
do NOT let ABC family do a series of The Shadowhunters Novels ever again. They ruined it! Please make… 
Check out our latest Podcast. We are all about movies, games, comics and having fun! on #Podbean 
A little + a little + a little + a little YOU  Get ready to laugh endlessly… 
Bitch I went to sleep in the movies like really just OUT 
Search for TakiART Movies in google to find the best movies site ever! 
Seth Rogen was delighted to make a cameo in a re-edited #StarWars trailer 
You have to love how in movies &amp; books redemption arcs are coveted “character development” but in real life when pe… 
She shouldn't have accepted "Captain Marvel" she's fantastic in Indie movies. Not these sparkly movies. 
Thank you Heidi .... Junk food and sad girlie movies  
The iconic early '90s documentary that inspired "The Queens" director Mark Saxenmeyer, and that the show "Pose" is… 
At the movies right now watching Captain Marvel when I get out Tiger better have won #themasters2019 
Yaaaay I’m home after a crazy weekend. Had maybe 5 hours of sleep between Thursday &amp; Saturday from my trip. Finally… 
She loves those kinds of movies though 
HA the MCU is just beginning now where near the close.All these years and all th… 
Me too! I adore all his movies especially Your Name 
Apparently my genetic code rejects all television, movies, games and books that include dragons. 
No more Robert DeZero movies for me either... he should never forget us Trump supporters... we should re… 
Those very same muscles that alarm you late at night when there is nothing present.… 
Elisabeth Moss Has a Reputation for Darkness. ‘Her Smell’ Is No Exception. 
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Hides a Secret Joke in Its Poster The Star Wars movies… 
He was supposed to die two movies ago???????? “Ragnarok” means a specific thing! 
thank you!!! i always think of this. YES, lots of people have sex during the ages of like 15-18. that's just how… 
Is it just me or do others feel hyper saturated with Pete coverage? He's like an actor with 3 movies out at the sam… 
I love those dreams ( sleep movies) 
...and here was the biggest thing for me, good movies are good to me when I underestimate them before I see them an… 
Rewatching The Avengers (2012). This is one of those movies that, no matter how many times I’ve seen it, I remember… 
Uncle Drew one of my favorite movies 
Trying to think of movies in which the main character fails (even if they also maybe win). What I have so far: Brav… 
Early sunday movies#donebyNoon — watching Captain Marvel at Marcus Village Pointe Cinema 
Would you or have you ever gone to a concert alone? Can't find anyone to see The 1975 w/me. Gone to movies and dine… 
"Elisabeth Moss Has a Reputation for Darkness. ‘Her Smell’ Is No Exception." by JOE COSCARELLI via NYT… 
Finally! Star Wars is so much more to just be theatrical movies. They finally see that. 
I think Laika, in order to survive, should make a deal with Netflix or Hulu to distribute their fil… 
I love love LOVED this one. Hill is going places for sure. Such an exciting and wholehearted debut. 
Imo it was a good movie and I REALLY like the superhero Black Panther, I also like Wakanda and how advanced it is w… 
Quoting some loser that never won KOTR and couldn't survive in the wrestling business so he had to go make movies. 
I quit watching all his movies. Anyone that stupid is not entertaining. 
But I mean could you imagine being a 8 years old &amp; watching that?? I mean it was near as depressing as that movie U… 
16 movies so far this year. Not a huge amount but £17.90 p/m for the unlimited card is definitely paying for itself. 
ohh beleza, deu a luz --&gt; BTW, I'm watching Playing Hard (2018) #trakt 
All the recent DCEU movies don’t even feel like they’re all set in the same universe. But all MCU movies feel like… 
Who tf normalized getting candy and shit at the movies?!?! We could have stopped at walmart  
I’m 5 movies into the Marvel Cinematic Universe rewatch in chronological order. 15 more to go before Avengers End Game drops. 
Out of the 21 Marvel movies where does Black Panther fall? 
I have an issue with guardians and guardians 2 being that high but it’s your list haha some… 
How about talent tv shows and how they are discriminating against those with out talent.  In fact you cou… 
Generally speaking I don’t usually play weekends, but I’ve graced the… 
PERSONALLY.  I DON'T WATCH MUCH MOVIES ANY MORE. HOLLYWOOD HAS BECOME HOLLYWEIRD. MOST CELEBRITIES I US… 
And most modern movies are even more shit 
Easily one of the best Marvel movies 
I wanna watch Shazam so bad  but I don't wanna go to the movies alone  
Breaking video news: Elisabeth Moss Has a Reputation for Darkness. ‘Her Smell’ Is No Exception." via NYT #movies #films 
I'll state again if they ever make another Hellboy movies (which now seems more doubtful) they'd be far better serv… 
I love watching horror movies but I close my eyes every 2 minutes 
"Elisabeth Moss Has a Reputation for Darkness. ‘Her Smell’ Is No Exception." by JOE COSCARELLI via NYT The New York… 
Hope I don't see them. I won't get to see it til May. Cuz I'll be out of state. And me and my dad watch marvel movies together. 
I should’ve went to the movies 
loll I love to watch the Hallmark channel.  they have many wonderful romantic movies on there.  
did you ever think of doing another Jane Doe mystery movie.  I am watching the marathon now and they… 
From NY Times: "Elisabeth Moss Has a Reputation for Darkness. ‘Her Smell’ Is No Exception." 
When Marvel reboots the Avengers movies I really don’t know where they will find actors equivalent to the ones they… 
... three is not enough movies 
Kv anand movies r technically strong 
Saw Shazam. One of the best DC movies for sure.With past movies, I get it. But if people are trying to convince y… 
Why can’t More movies be like Megaforce 
T.I in video games, Different Movies, got Music, Tv shows. And tons of shit goin. I thin… 
A short clip from #AfterSchoolLunchSpecial that we had to reshoot yesterday. Enjoy! #supportindiefilm #commercial… 
It really is a bummer. I love those #Hellboy movies and animated direct-to-video films. 
Civil War, Infinity War (duh), Iron Man 1 (the one that started it all) and the first two avengers movies would be my list 
All 3 original Indiana Jones movies are on amazing! Settling in for a good sunday!! 
Lupita Nyong’o deserves awards recondition for her dual portrayal in Us. #Movies #TV 
Children of the Sea | Trailer (soundtrack by Joe Hisaishi) #Movies #TV 
Ip Man 4 Official Trailer (2019) - Donnie Yen , Scott Adkins #Movies #TV 
I saw the movies but forgot about them. 
Mac &amp; Devin go to High School is one of my favorite movies. And I still fw that mixtape. 
Don't know bout download. But you can stream on 123 movies probably tomorrow night 
Yeah, much the same as Star Wars fans for movies post 80's. 
Still kinda of worn out from surgery... any good movies/ shows you’d recommend to finish out the weekend? 
i generally like broad comedies about women (e.g. spy) but also stupid movies (e.g. anchorman). also stylish women-… 
#Movie "Maz Jobrani: I Come in Peace" (2013) 
The 10 most brutal battle scenes in Game of Thrones, from Hardhome to The Door 
Super-hero movies (and not comic-based), goes to (in no particular order):Batman: Dark KnightSpider… 
I need a girl that’s gunna go watch these Marvel movies with me  
Like we watch movies with fight scenes and martial arts and suspend disbelief for all the fights.  We’ll watch 240… 
I want someone who'll bring me food in the middle of the night and eat it with me while watching movies 
At the Movies: ‘Missing Link’ 
Typical SW SoyBoys. Male, aged 18-44, watches science, history, horror movies, works in IT or legal.… 
Watching one of my favorite movies.....DRAGNET!!!! Code 234 section 42791: You have the right to remain entertained! 
has sacrificed Quality for Quantity when it comes to the Franchise. More important to saturate th… 
Love these 80's movies... 
Django and all the marvel movies 
 PSA:  I have changed course on my video, you guys. I needed one theme instead of video clips from multiple mov… 
At the movies and Wondering how can expect parents to pay to see their movies while they advertise on… 
THESE MOVIES ARE OUR CLASSICS LEAVE THEM ALONE 
What's that you say? A new #movies #newmovies #shazam #avengers… 
All disgusting anymore , I never watch tv or movies anymore either 
EXCUSE ME?!?! Ghost Rider: Spirit of Veangeance is one of the finest comic book movies of all time!!!!!  
How much of what you think you know about Christ has come from the lies o… 
We're weirdos, and we're proud of it! I have all of my DVDs separated by genre, alphabetized in eac… 
Grease is one of my favorite movies, I think I'm excited  
I need a date to the movies to see End Game  
When you visit a significant other or a "friend" under the pretext of watching movies and series but… 
Lay up and watch movies weather &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
I really loved and enjoyed #ThePerfectDate, great movie with excellent teaching, for those that like romance movies… 
Good and funny movie so its looking like theres goona be a sequel to Holmes and Watson. #holmesandwatson #movies 
Did you already watch the movies? I find doing things backwards like that less fun. 
The fairest of HAPPY BIRTHDAYS to my Partner in Dumb, Eat, watch movies, and be merry Herb … 
Shazam! was a very fun time at the movies, and was a cohesive, finished product, something DC has struggled with in… 
Can you guys add all of the Dragon Ball &amp; Dragon Ball Z movies in Digital HD to Vudu? 
They make so much money and can live anywhere. So move or leave us alone . I do not pay to see any one of there mov… 
Is this his Spartacus Moment?   You've watched too many movies.The D's and R's are… 
2019's New Indie Movies: X Movies You Need To See This Summer - IndieWire 
It’s a prequel to some movies and a sequel to others, but as of now they changed the fut… 
Harry porter has only 8 movies, a true meaning of a selfish and inconsiderate bitch 
The Mandalorian might just be a pretty dumb gritty action show and that's fine. There's room for that. I want more… 
Haha yes indeed. Although not a big gan of the series of movies. 
|| Pray For Morning Movie | New Hollywood Horror Movie 2016 - Pray For Morning – Part 4/4 Movies 2015 Full Movies -… 
unpopular opinion: going to the movies is not a real date 
Mystery Men is hysterically funny and one of my favorite movies ever.  Good taste, you! 
Ha! They remember the 80s Star Wars TV Ewok movies 
Brie Larson Hopes #Marvel Will Continue To Explore Diversity And Representation In Phase 4 - 
I had to scroll back a bit to reply to this tweet, but it was worth it. 
Sunlight creeping in.Beautiful words.Movies.Wine.Bed. Music. Pizza.A sigh. And a walk down the street for c… 
Take your timeI’m just here waitin for the movies 
A good video discussing a lot of the racism behind Green Book: the white saviour, the lies about Don Shirley, movie… 
Why are so many movies and tv shows plagued with bad writing, it's fustrating to watch anyting these days I underst… 
All Star Wars movies have done this kind of thing. Almost the entire Death Star do… 
The movies was basically all about rey. As I said 100 times over.  Rey is a skywalker. First 3 movies was about ana… 
Hilarious &amp; if that doesn't work you still have the woman card and language barrier to play.… 
Watched Infinity War last night now going back to the stand alone movies. 
I love the Poltergeist movies  
This generation will be the boomer generation for the 2nd and 3rd gen of children. “Back in my day they made us cla… 
Spending the day watching some of my favorite feel good movies - Sister Act and Legally Blonde. 
WHOA!!!!!!! 
Last weekend movies was good asf and now this one right now 
 I want to go to the movies with her. All the movies! 
I literally have the whole theater to myselfBUT Then again, I’m at the movies theater 9:30 in the morning  
A 'Grease' prequel on its way – time to find out how Danny and Sandy really met (via 
Been a week since I saw Shazam and I can confidently say that it's only second to Batman '89th in my favorite DC mo… 
Annapurna should get the "How to Properly Distribute Movies for Dummies" book as soon as possible.They really did MISSING LINK dirty. 
i still haven’t seen that  lol prime example! im not a big movie fanatic so i just watch um when i… 
since ultraviolet is going away, will movies anywhere be absorbing the TV shows I own digitally too… 
&amp; i feel for u trying not to experience them but i rly think they're not a big deal. they dont really… 
Lucasfilm Admits They Made A Mistake With Solo: A Star Wars Story - 
I think we have room for about 50 more shows or movies where we pretend we’ve never heard of the concept of zombies… 
Any of the recent Star Wars movies 
SAME I READ THE PLOT OF MOVIES BEFORE I WATCH THEM  my friends hate me 
I dunno. I thinks it's kinda cool Cruise didn't assume this guy had seen a… 
The older I get the more I appreciate how fucking brilliant #montypython and their movies are!The meaning of life… 
5. I grew up obsessed with horror movies. Nice preference for a kid with a bad anxiety disorder, huh?# 
Honestly ever since I got WiFi, I only stream shows and movies.. it also took some convincing for my dad ..… 
I second that!  Absolutely superb writing on #Gosnell.   That was one of the most thought provoking… 
I agree with you. Zootopia and Madagascar are better movies than this rip-off. 
- Search for things online that inspire you like quotes,art,clothes,etc- Get your nails done or try to make a ne… 
About to go see Pet Sematary. I love scary movies 
Every time one of my subscribers randomly joins my fireteam while I'm doing something where I either need to be sol… 
Even though I’m a little sick of super hero movies, I really liked  Fun script, fun characters, great… 
have you sorted this movies cast and directors yet,. Arrest them 
Nobody talks much about Jane Fonda's first movies, but I think she's wonderful in Walk On The Wild Side, as well as… 
i streamed it because i had no way to get to the movies and the anticipation was killing me. i felt so… 
Being a parent means watching those sequels to movies you watched when you were younger and crying at the good writ… 
Haven’t really been fawn of Laika’s other movies besides Coraline, but I’ll try to see it if I can. 
Jester’s Scream....#sfx #sfxmakeup #scary #tv #movies #makeupartist #clown #instagramisdown #clowns… 
That's why he wins Razzies yearly for worst movies. 
Boycott his movies. I have an idea we can send a message to Hollywood. If you’re interested follow me and dm 
she has like 5 movies tho 
The same demographic that would’ve signed the Legion of Decency pledge a… 
Sunday movies  #LoveLivesHereMovie 
Watched in the car from Gainesville FL! To quote one of my favorite movies "Aslan is on the mo… 
I wish more pictures and reminders were shown. Even bring back the old movies that show what happened during WW2 
It's only now I feel like I know how all those sappy sons of bitches feel all those romance movies. 
I have a feeling we’re going to see less of the title “Star Wars” in new movies or shows. I don’t think… 
 i love these movies 
One of thee most underrated movies oat 
Streaming Movie Review: ‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer - 
Choose!  Favorite Frozen character... #poll #polloftheday #DisneyMoms #movies #Disney 
Very cool!Still enjoy the Columbo movies. Rank as one of best TV SHOWS EVER! 
I've never had anything like the feeling of that fireworks or anything that I see in the movies all the… 
If I said that I’d be lying  what ever happened to sappy romance movies or funny movies it’s alway… 
You guys are *still* hurt that someone doesn’t share your obsession with fictional movies?  
'Shazam!' bests newcomers with $25.1M second weekend $LGF #LGF #Movies #Entertainment #Comedymovies 
"Cinematic Vérité: Movies Unspooled to the Big Screen, via a Projectionist’s Hands" by JAMES BARRON via NYT… 
Classic Robin Padilla Movies is best HAHAHA 
Please Hold My Clan is Creating the Monster List they want Seen in Movies......... ... ... 
then they're not made for you and that's fine. entertainment has different audiences. but you're makin… 
This one succeeds. In the vein of 28 Days Later more than other zombie content, but better than those movies IMO. 
Don't miss #Diane! Oklahoma-born Mary Kay Place is "magnificent...If you want to understand what nuanced acting is,… 
hello, I'm not expecting you to see this but just recently, I became interested in 80s movies, so I watched the mov… 
I wanna go to the movies. 
I love in the evangelical Vatican.most people never interact with a suffering “other”. Their lives revo… 
International #Wildlife Film Festival: 'Ancient Woods' is a Lithuanian #forest tour, slow TV-style: Missoulian… 
De Niro, we won't forget how stupid you are.  Your thoughts do not scare us and remember, we are the… 
Me talking to last night about the Star Wars trailer knowing only what the internet has taught me: “So th… 
I think the prequels suffered a bit because the actors acted in front of mostly green… 
#Movie "The Christmas Dragon" (2014) 
No problem: Your one of the Few people I know of that can watch movies like Dog Tooth o… 
Dude should have been more alert.  Did he not see any of the Jurassic Park movies? 
Brad Pitt Hilariously Gets Cut Off by L.A. Official During Hearing — and Diane Keaton Was There! 
Disney+ streaming service: price, release date, shows, movies and 
I agree with the 2 first movies, but the 3rd is awesome  
Did anybody actually collect baseball cards or was that just made up for the movies 
Shazam, Dumbo, Hellboy and a bunch of Bollywood movies releasing this month! 
It depends not only on content and age, but on how have raised them thus far. I'd typically trust a go… 
I LIVED for the new movie The Perfect Date its honestly one of my new favorites and somehow help… 
If I HAD to choose, I’d choose Freddie. But I enjoy watching all those movies. IT was more like a c… 
they're popular because theyre fucking fun bro. not every movie has to be a magnum opus. some movies a… 
Or that he’s in  movies. 
Gotta say, if ya don’t watch these kinds of movies remakes and unoriginal content wins. 
I hate young "adult" targetted shows and movies whose male protagonists are imbeciles who only ever think with thei… 
Video games for me. Because they typically cost more so I have to feel like I'm "getting my money's worth" out of t… 
Even my bird buddy agrees...it’s April, Mother Nature. Go home, you’re drunk. Guess it’s another day of… 
The only recent movies I've even bothered to go to the theaters for has been the Star Wars ones, and at… 
Celebrity Stormtroopers In Star Wars: The Rise Of The Skywalker Possibly Outed - 
 I like all the iron man movies #hottake 
does a talk show &amp; been in movies, so she can speak on a political platform &amp; about nati… 
My family dislikes the character to the degree that we'll avoid Driver's other movies.  I guess he can… 
Mark Hamill Has A Theory On Who's Laughing In The #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer - 
My only issue was the amount of characters momentarily existing with little to no background. That said… 
Lol I go to the movies alone 95% of the time. I also Love watching horror movies. They are my go-to movies 
Good. Not going to your movies either. 
I have it on DVD..........Akira Kurosawa made MANY movies with a "truth" in them.Like "Throne of Blood" 
It’s one of those movies that I grew up with and have literally always known so it’s VERY H… 
Ima have to get back to you soon. We have six movies left. 
has added some interesting new movies for April, with several more available later in the month.… 
A book called Firefly and studio Ghibli movies! 
Watching horror movies with your brasse snap different. 
Came out in 1980 and watched it at the movies 20+ times..Bud and Sissy..I still have the album 
SO WHAT! There is NOTHING he can do that affects my life in any manner. What’s he gonna do? Not make any more movie… 
What 5 movies can you watch over &amp; over no matter how many times they come on or you own the DVD and can pop in any… 
And speaking of spectacle-over-substance movies foreshadowed by Clash of the Titans, Ready Player One is on HBO1 ri… 
I'd rather watch Steven Seagal's movies #ThanGoBackToMyEx 
Thomas I am surprised because you are a lover of dumb movies. 
If a republican had used another culture like she did the left would ne… 
Ep 8 is the worst movie ever. So I agree. I'm just simply saying the original actors joked… 
9 more Marvel movies to watch and 10 days to go ... wow ! 
Had a dream that i hung out with all day and talked about books and movies. I never wanted to wake up 
When they have ALL the Harry Potter movies on Demand , I know what my day consist of !  
No movies, no music, no life. 
Me to my collection of movies and novels: 
Sports that are more interesting to watch than baseball:GolfBowlingCricketAll of the least watched Olympic spor… 
Mfs gonna keep going to see this low budget ass movies. 
One cold beer on a Sunday while watching movies isn't a sin,right? 
I don’t think I can watch all the marvel movies before endgame but we shall see. I am going to try my best lol. 
Heeeeeeeeey, man... it's the week of #420, so this new A Vague Idea #podcast is, like, a pot-cast! Join me, Shannon… 
Inspired by the T1000 post, drew this from The Thing #Movies #TV 
‘Fleabag’ creator Phoebe Waller-Bridge hired to liven up new Bond film script on request of Daniel Craig #Movies #TV 
Box Office: #LittleMovie is big, #Hellboy runs cold, and #MissingLink goes missing 
"Jordan Peele is a new master of suspense." See now playing. Get tickets: 
Top 10 American Revolutionary War Movies 
Best Action Movies – Adventure, War, Action Movies Full Length English [ Hd 1080 ] 
Wait, how many movies have these two been in together? 
We can all go to Georgia and make legit movies that have a chance at the box office! 
Tarzan &amp; Spirit has the best soundtrack outta all Disney movies. Hands down! 
It is now in my top 10 favorite movies! It is brilliant. Planet Transexual! 
Ah. My mistake. I always understood that he didn’t want it made into movies at all. Interesting. 
Ill be waiting to hear your rating...maybe I'll finally know if I have a good taste in movies 
I haven’t thought about Tron: Legacy in a while but it’s one of my favorite movies despite the fact it has no plot 
This is me, so many movies where I'm like "yawn, not spending my money on that" 
Generally I think most people should watch less TV, not more. But there's some great TV out. I find I rent fewer mo… 
i watched it in theaters...it was what made me realize i hate romantic/romance only movies LOL 
I’m tryna go to the movies today 
The hangover (2009) is one of the best movies I've watched in a very long time  
Star Wars movies will go on hiatus after 'Episode IX,' and not a moment too soon 
Walk the Line (2005)  #trakt 
They should read more books. It’s still harry potter or song of ice and fire. Actually I am qu… 
One of the very few movies to make me cry. All because of this scene right here. So good  
"Finding Nemo" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I found this on #fixrewards 
I hope we see the Snyder Cut someday, but I have seen quite a few comic book movies that were much worse than JL ! 
Some parents have the sense not to let their kids watch stupid, goofy movies, let alone catechize their kids with s… 
I'm not much of a rereader, either, even when I consciously plan to revisit something to analyze it.… 
Hope everyone enjoys #EpisodeIX #TheRiseofSkywalker because that is going to be the last movie for a whil… 
The right tweet is, '.. not enough Keanu reeves movies...' 
Imagine that thousands of movies were made that don’t include anyone who looks like you, and then imagine… 
Rocket Takes The Avengers Into Space In New Endgame Promo - 
Eastern European Movies with English Subs 
People also can’t keep their mouths shut during Star Wars movies in my experience. Especi… 
The 1930's reminds me of the child movie star, Shirley Temple and the  movies she was in.  This beautiful cream and… 
The 1930's reminds me of the child movie star, Shirley Temple and the movies she was in.  This beautif… 
It's is why Insider Movies is so important- knowing old movies that are well done can enrich, and even power forwar… 
Thriller/Horror movies are the best genre but most are poorly done. Happy to see ppl that look like me changing the game 
I genuinely loved him and i knew about all his whereabouts  doing whatever with those exs and private meetings ,mov… 
Many of us will remember his support when his movies come out! 
BREAKING NEWS!!!DC fucks up again! 
Movies:Bull DurhamThe ReplacementsA League Of Their OwnDocumentaries:Hoop DreamsThe Bo Jackson 30 For 30Mur… 
In her Behind the Scenes for Medicine, JLo talks about the movies that inspired these spectacular scenes, none of w… 
Why aren't more movies animated. Why aren't there more spiderverse quality movies literally what the fycj!!! 
Watching Holmes and Watson, this is goona probably be hillarious. #holmesandwatson #movies 
Little Women (1994) baseado no livro de Louisa May Alcott (1832-1888). Repost de perioddramas_ #filmes #movies… 
You mean, it's not their fault. The movies being good or bad really have nothing to do with it. 
And #Scarface on What’s with all the “Face”movies today? Is it #NationalFaceDay or something? #SundayThoughts 
SHAZAM! is an amazingly fun romp through superhero movies that, at its heart, out Spider-Mans Spider-Man!… 
Ian McDiarmid Predicted The Emperor's #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Return Years Ago - 
I’ve seen him act in a couple Marvel movies really wasn’t impressed .... I’m not sure if he’s worthy of playing Tom Brady 
Spoiler Alert: Is It Possible To Go Into Movies Blind? — The Snappening Reviews 
I rember saying this once: "Yeah, I got him a gift. He passed a kidney stone. Seriously, if you shoot a rock outta… 
These books and movies should encourage you to please support your public health schools in universities and depart… 
#Movie "Christine" (2016) 
One of my favorite (comedy-cute) movies of all time!  
Hellboy 2019 stand in the queue behind Electra, along with Tim Story’s Fantastic Four Movies, Batfle… 
reply with an actor/actress so i can rate the movies i have seen by them on my letterboxd acc 
That HELLBOY movie is another great example of Hollywood making movies that nobody asked for, then being confused w… 
Dont worry... just cuz he played a hardass is some movies, doesnt make it true in real life... just… 
...So it's not surprising when her own visuals are simply off the charts in Medicine. It's hard to pull of a "new"… 
[$20.77 Save 23%] #LightningDeal 85% claimed: 120 Inch 16:9 HD Projector Screen, P-JING Portable Widescreen Foldabl… 
At least you’ve got that same taste in movies thing going for you. 
[SPOILERS] May Be One Of The Phase One Avengers To Survive Endgame - 
#AvengersEndgame clip reveals badass plan of attack against Thanos: 
I just wanna be in love. I wanna wake up in love. I wanna fall asleep in love. I wanna go to school in love. I want… 
Some of y’all dislike good movies just because you can’t comprehend their plots 
These are some interesting fan theories compiled by 
She played Pokemon Go, and she had seen most of the Harry Potter movies. She was a nerd girl, and there's nothing s… 
as I explained to the other day, my taste in men is Incredibly Basic as well as being “a slut for cha… 
The Sunday night movie on will make you LOL 
Tyler Perry movies have great soundtracks 
Stop-motion and the animation style are harder to sell families on; that, and the film’s marketing +… 
Yeah but they are copies of old movies that were forgotten. JJ copies movies that haven't left the public eye. JJ is a hack. 
we are physical card annual membership users trying  to book ticket through app. At final step at c… 
In SW, main characters die all the time. And the story can continue without any one character… 
is a jewel. Its inventive action from kung fu movies pushes aside the car crashes, expl… 
So proud of you! I wonder how long before you're in the movies! Getting to be quite the… 
What classic movies are playing? ‘Heathers,’ ‘The Fifth Element’ and more 
Stopmakingstarwarsmovies 
The difference (AS YOU KNOW) lucas and the Berg copied movies that fell out of the pu… 
Best moments of the series/first movies  
You can buy yourself whatever you want! I love going to the movies by myself! 
I’ll check them both out then. What app or website did you use to watch both movies? 
#imff2019 kicks off this afternoon at #AFScinema with Youth Program &amp; Family film Chuskit !! Austin, look forward t… 
I'm old enough to remember him as a badass in my favorite film ever, Ronin. I think acting in stupi… 
Oh man- Brendan Fraser was my first celebrity crush. Brings back all the feels. The Mummy movies we… 
Disney+ Price, Movies, TV Shows &amp; is it going to be successful? 
There are so many movies warning us of what we’re getting ourselves in to. 
Like all thousands of movies on slavery 
Here is another great one- 
Overlord made it in my Top 10 movies of 2018. I watched 127 movies so that says something  
if you think I won’t be linking to all episodes featuring actors in these movies [Lily James in Mamma… 
SINGLES is one of those movies that hasn’t aged well at all as a movie but has become a totally fascinating time capsule of aspiration 
Yeah haha. I just think they are idealized in the movies. Some are fine 
I seriously hope we can get a few trek movies with you and number 1 or a  7 season show of you and your… 
I’m starting to question the purpose of these movies anyway. They are literally modernized versions of the original… 
Looking at his filmography, he strikes me as the kind of person who's constantly living in the pas… 
Bye bye "let's try to redeem racists" movies. At least this one. 
The movie that started my love for so bad it’s good movies, JAWS 3 
Just watched one of the best movies I have seen in such a long time. The Upside. Suggest you watch it if you need q… 
Hulu got old ass movies 
Says the guy who loves movies... 
The "top 10 dance scenes in movies" - according to Mojo, of course. Mojo does more harm than good, ruining nearly e… 
#NW Monster In Law these kinda movies make me miss my little sister  
Teen with passion for music, movies looking for a place to call home after 13 years 
Guillermo del Toro’s ‘Hellboy’ Movies Were the Last of Their Kind — and They Knew It – IndieWire 
Okay well I want to watch the last two final destination movies but I think I’m not mentally prepared enough. 
Because no one involved in any of these movies has read a single X-Men comic book ever? 
Yeah it wasn’t that bad! I like super corny movies and that one was definitely corny! 
walk to remember is one of my favorite movies of all time. I can't watch it without crying though but ugh my fricken heart  
When he throws you over his shoulder (movies vs creepypasta) 
Who does DeNiro think he's talking to? We're Patriots who will give you a response you deserve so don't threaten us… 
Not to mention he's starred in 8 SAW movies 
just to clarify : i am so very excited about these movies and i don’t want to hear anything about them before i get… 
I’m doing well! Trying to get my life together for the week ahead (laundry, cleaning, etc) while deci… 
Fuck, I almost believed it cause I see mnet is playing all the fast and furious movies 
MAGIX Movie Edit Pro Premium 2019 18.0.2.235 / Plus MAGIX Movie Edit Pro 2019 is the next generation of video edi… 
Sir, how am I suppose to do it like the porn movies if I don't even have a step sister?Please advise. 
Happy to announce "Sigh" and "The Keeper" are now released and available to watch on Indie Stream TV… 
Horror movies IMBD 9.8 #SAKARYASPOR #InanlarAslaKaybetmez 
Trying something different this month. Watching movies I've been too impatient to watch in the past 
Found this in my loft, a list of planned episodes for Mr Tie the Superspy, a comic I used to doodle when I was youn… 
Actually these are great ideas for future Batman movies 
!! forgot Mamma Mia’s Stellan Skarsgaard was in these movies! 
BDSM mr gray like in fifty shadows porn: #movies BDSM mr gray like in fifty shadows porn - LOLA BUNNY FETISH KINKY… 
You're so dumb bruh. $ ain't shit. Try being a decent human being by not putting anyone down for watching… 
A Calm Place 
American Horror Story: 1984#AHS inspired by 80s slasher movies? Yes, please! Maybe this will finally be one of th… 
30 years ago today: Say Anything... was released on April 14, 1989. Included in Roger Ebert's The Great Movies II b… 
And then there are the road going nowhere movies: Five Easy Pieces, Two Lane Blacktop, Vanishing Point. 
Norman Lloyd was a classic film actor. One of his movies was the Alfred Hitchcock film, Saboteur (1942). He later h… 
It’s one of those movies I watch once and haven’t seen again.  Unlike back to the future or wizard of oz 
They had the gift of being the first “real” superhero movies. There were no other options and we beli… 
Good Morning sweets! Happy Sunday! I'm hanging out at my sister and nephew's house for a few days… 
I wonder if he knows the Chinese sell bootleg copies of his movies in a back allies of B… 
Juicy babes are screwed: #gang Juicy babes are screwed - Cold day, what else to do if not playing with myself while… 
My book group enjoyed this  novel. So did of #downtonabbey — so much so that sh… 
The Mass Firing of Agents Has Begun: Patton Oswalt &amp; others fire agents in solidarity with WGA Strike. #Movies #TV 
In the Terminator franchise, John Connor has been in five films (including the upcoming Dark Fate) and has been pla… 
My coach mentions at long run this morning that his workout today is to bike 3 hours. Wait can you repeat that? As… 
They do show it in tv shows and movies that fighting between man and woman is ok which is not in real life. 
9 TV Shows and Movies to Watch the Week of April 14, 2019 From the season eight premiere of… 
My top Sven moviesS7enFurious SvenSix Days, Sven Nights20 Sven DressesThe Magnificent SvenSven Brides for Sv… 
today I plan on doing nothing but watching Disney movies &amp; attempted to write these papers 
At first I thought was in one of those movies ... 
BET Awards 2018: Complete winners list moments from the BET Awards: The 2018 BET Award… 
Dam dat CG! China seem to be uping one on Japan recently, even their live action movies seem really good aswell 
Lol it’s those teen movies types for some reason i b liking like the ones we grew up on 
#Movie "Walt Disney's Mickey Mouse: Moving Day" (1935) 
Binge watching marvel movies for the past month y/n 
Kewe...whoever wrote that is a liar. I hate scary movies. There isn’t an ounce of scary. You won’t… 
The hubs bought me a wall mount knife magnet (love it btw) &amp; last night he asks “why do you always look at it befor… 
There is a fan that charted #Godzilla film appearance times throughout all versions. The 2014 film… 
The Dramatic Ending of ‘Major League’ Never Should’ve Happened 
Female book characters are worse for me, but movies get me, too. It’s like people focus too much on emp… 
For some reason I thought that they had found Jihadists on Mars - something about… 
There are WAY too many movies that deserve the title you give FG! Worse movie EVER?? Come on... 
Oh shit? Apparently the Amazon LOTR show isn’t just a retelling of the main story but maybe prequel stuff? If so, I… 
Trump must have loved watching “The Godfather” movies. Our country needs t… 
Playing for the 5th week, the crowd-pleasing dramatic comedy #WomanAtWar is now playing at #LagoonCinema! Get Tix:… 
We sense a #bromance coming on. #MissingLink is now playing! Reserve your seats with #EXTRAS:… 
I’ll be teaching Ramona the value of watching animated movies on a Sunday morning when dad has a fever all weekend,… 
Haven't seen it. I didn't realize they were both i… 
Can someone please recommend me movies to watch..Ndiyanicela 
teens in the 80's: when im gonna be as old as my dad, people are gonna live in the moon! its our future! we will wo… 
Great article that highlights a lot of my frustration with movies right 
look who’s back watching movies that is related to dance  uwu 
I do know who #geoffreythorne is? What movies did he start in? Name calling is sigh on… 
Lyanna Mormont will claim the throne. All those who will be at battle will die at war. GoT is g… 
When I told people that media is bad for our kids (TV, movies, series, cartoons of late, internet) they didn't beli… 
That takes me back to the old days. I am 53, so I am not sure I was alive when Ross D. Wylie was singing. But I was… 
Normally I’m comfortable with the fact that I have very forgiving tastes and I like movies that, by cr… 
Spotify is finally showing Episode 12: Shazam! Make sure to go listen and download. Thanks so much for your patienc… 
Love trashy action movies and hate rom-comsOh, and I hardly ever do the cooking or dishes ... (Yes, my husband is amazing)  
It's happening we just have more 10 years until 2029, pleas… 
What classic movies are playing? ‘Heathers,’ ‘The Fifth Element’ and moreBen-Hur 60th-anniversary screenings of W… 
What movies are opening this week? ‘Red Joan,’ ‘Drunk Parents’ and moreApril 17BreakthroughA woman turns to pr… 
Sometimes “and I know this ain’t common on here”.  I like to DM and talk about cool shit....movies, video games, pets, work etc  
#AVintheAM 1.not overly thrilled with super hero movies lately so me… 
This is passion...  #GameOfThrones 
I just want to watch Star Wars movies all day. 
I forgot about his movies, also stay away from Phipps Plaza In Atlanta #MAGA #RobertDeNiro #DeNiro #ATL 
The family values Republicans will crucify him. They already think TV and movies turn people gay. 
I woke up in the middle of the night feeling like my life is a dot on a quadrant representing four movies -- The Gr… 
Horror movies are very unnecessary. 
Are you ready for a brand new Grand Junction event? 
Confused about what to binge-watch on this grand Tamil #NewYear?No worries! We've got that sorted for you with thi… 
I was playing poker and the woman next to me was babbling on about all the movies she has seen. Ask… 
...oh, AND ANOTHER THING! is finally here! Come join us chatting about our guilty pleasure movies! 
Aw, man, the movies were not great. There are only the first 2 so you won't have much to sit through 
Stick to making movies.  Your political views are not interesting. 
Why do I watch boring movies these days..... 
People still don't know how to decipher messages from movies... 
Oh nooooooo. At least with Southwest you can watch the free movies. I’d be more concerned if they were d… 
Sundays are all about movies and takeaway food 
This entire thread is ridiculous and wrong.Don't listen to this generic brand-ass, Billy Zane rip off and go see… 
Sounds like when I go to the movies with my dad. He will not stay quiet. Now at home I will talk to th… 
Take time out of your schedule to put a smile on someone else' face. #kids #qualitytime #movies #mall 
Most of the people who are really outspoke about modern movies seem like their knowledge is limite… 
 I haven't in a whileI ruined it for myself by doing classical civilisation where we looked at the a… 
Idc how old I get I'll always watch cars and other select cartons and movies that are "kiddy" 
Good morning!  Last day of Movies Week.  Another one of my faves but not particularly scary.  Finally sitting down… 
What movies are opening this week? ‘Red Joan,’ ‘Drunk Parents’ and more 
Am i the only one who has started watching Oscar prediction movies?Best actress currently has, cate, hathaway, ta… 
you may notice there are a few Very Important Films left out (*coughBlackPanthercoughThorRagnarokcough*) but we cel… 
what are some good crying movies to watch?? I need to cry out my sadness. 
My movie review tweets are starting to become the same bull shit each time so I'mma keep this one short and simple.… 
And we'll forget about seeing anymore of his movies 
Cont. The Last Jedi aka the force awakens 1.5 was basically shity continuation of the force awaken… 
 this is what I was talking about. The movies establish Leia as a Skywalker.… 
Someone take me to the movies man og 
20,000 Leagues Under the Sea (1916): #video 
before shrugging and making a random decision to head off to the right still talking scary movies. “Y… 
movies we will be watching, in this probable order:- Avengers 1- Ant Man- Cap Civil War- Ant Man 2- Avengers… 
I understand. I watched it 5 times in the theatre because I was so moved by it and I like movies tha… 
Another Isekai? Jesus these are the Hero movies of manga aren't they 
Yeah but this isn't as bad as all the copy scenes that roundhead did in The Last Jedi the escape f… 
Lots of the movies we define as classics do tbh, even the old ones we still cherish today and mew like wise 
(Onda V80 Android Tablet) #MTVBRKPOPBTS on Key Features…Beautiful 8-Inch 10 point touchscreen display makes your… 
So yesterday was spent watching movies and ended with Mexican food, today I’m going to a Viking festival, it’s goin… 
Things I don't like:- shopping - alot of makeup - fake nails/eyebrows/hair - I don't care what i… 
Movies too 
Video games &amp; movies are examples of it. 
#Movie "SoulCatcher" (2015) 
Not to mention show how fucking shit the writing has been for these movies. " we ruined Snoke, we have no big twist… 
Mad Max Fury Road or Mission Impossible Fallout (2 of my favorite action movies of the past 5 years) 
Seriously asking what does he mean? We pay to watch them. In the last 2 years I have stopped buying… 
And now I have two Ambers telling me I don’t watch enough movies.  
Some of y’all only go to the movies once or twice a year and it shows 
Like we forgot his movies? 
Good movies on Netflix?? 
Star Wars: ‘Weird miracle’ sees Princess Leia live on in Rise of Skywalker. 
According to The Post, WB isn't happy with Rowling. 
Picking up from the 2017 box office hit, "Keeping Up With The Kandasamys," the sequel #KandasamysThe Wedding is a t… 
Will the Breaking Bad movie succeed or will it go the way of Star Wars? &gt;&gt;&gt;  #MovieTwit… 
To the #Godzilla, #KingKong, #PacificRim, #Gamera, #MonsterMovie, #CreatureFeature, #JurassicWorld fans out there,… 
Godzilla will destroy all those movies. 
Exactly. They have started even copying movies. Let them embarrass themselves by doing such cheap things. 
Review: 'Shazam!' is the rare DC superhero movie that doesn't suck 
This was one of the first movies I remember watching at home on a VCR. I was either 4 or 5 and I remember insisting… 
Actually, the Jabba the Hut added scenes in SW, taking guns out of the police hand… 
Lifetime movies &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
With all these #zombie shows/ movies that have come out over the years, one character should at least say: “Hold u… 
‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled - 
Ever since Prodigy died I haven't been able to listen to his music. That man showed me people can live their life b… 
I entered to win Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse DVD + Activity Kit Giveaway via  Will you enter… 
1. Hannah2. West Des Moines, Iowa3. Supervising Editor for the Iowa Administrative Code (legal edi… 
"Ten years ago, a pastor from the Voice of Pentecost Church in San Francisco received a prophetic whisper - a direc… 
I wish I was more in the know on contemporaries so I could help :&lt; But I have heard of one trick t… 
Hi:) I’m the guy in the movies that doesn’t look like he is in the movies. Coz it real. I think your great 
Bahaha! We? Is that him &amp; his #HollywoodBrigade? We own you #Hollywood, we pay you to en… 
The movies is fun but the snacks are unhealthy &amp; ridiculously expensive. Eat a healthy meal before you go so you will not be tempted! 
And people overwhelmingly like “strong girls”. Look at the amount of shows/movies where the heroine is “not like ot… 
Perfect blue digital painting to celebrate it finally coming out in Blu-ray. Yay #Movies #TV 
The Most Anticipated Movies of 2019 
What’s up with Netflix casting all the most expensive actors in these weak apocalypse movies? 
Vintage Charlie Chaplin On the Farm 8mm Film, Coast Home Movies, Black and White Silent Film Collectible Americana… 
That guy sounds like the fella on the movies in home alone. “Get your no good, lyin keester off my… 
So it’s your fault that I can never talk Lea into Anne Hathaway movies! 
Happy 51st Birthday to #AnthonyMichaelHall!  He was in SO MANY great movies! #Vacation #SixteenCandles… 
What do you think of that casting? 
Brilliant. Coherence is easily my top most recommended movies over at - by far. If all it t… 
Keanu Reeves is the Messi of movies, Well coordinated, focused, balanced, stern to emotionless, choreographed and h… 
Idk why I watch shows/movies about love. I go through a rollercoaster of emotions, first I feel really happy but im… 
Depends... are we talkin tv shows or movies and shorts 
Who watches his movies anymore?  Not me.  He ruined his career all by himself.  Sicko. 
You watch too many movies . 
Imagine if the writers and directors for the six post-Return of the Jedi movies had great ideas like this… 
gypsy had plenty opportunities to get her ass up out that wheelchair and go to the authorities. bitch 26 wearing Ci… 
Hey, Jack, keep up the great vids, movies and jams. I was actually wondering if you owned the rights to… 
is V.A. Vandevere in #Dumbo. See the film in theaters now! Reserve your seats:… 
Those are the most religious sci-fi movies I’ve ever seen. Maybe among the most religious period. 
Wouldn’t like to sit behind her in the movies. 
OMG is this really why no one ever says goodbye before hanging up in movies?! Mind blown  
#GameofThrones made Joanna Robinson a podcast star. Why she can’t wait for it to end. 
Yeah engazundi Dika, you know I'm not a fan of the Telly... Ide ubuye I need movies babes  
At this point the 9 episodes should be viewed as 3 stand alone movies/series.  They seem to be redoing the… 
And we are not going to watch your fake tough guy movies Snowflake! 
Ya know, I actually miss the trailers before movies on DVDs. 
No it doesn’t. It raises larger questions about making BAD horror tinged movies in an age of above average superhero movies. 
Watching the Avengers after all the other movies makes sense 
I do it for movies and TV shows too. 
Exactly! Movies that should have won an oscar years ago 
She turned the roasting velociraptor skewered over the campfire. In the movies, they'd been worse than t-rexes.. in… 
I think I remember in justice league where superman was resurrected, so sa… 
Good food and movies 
Poor people in movies just listen to the movie score.  It's very calming. 
Movies have grown worse over the years, because leftists who make them have no imagination. Just as the left can’t… 
»I've done 86 Hallmark movies, and in half of them I marry Santa's son; I've lost all sense of reality.«… 
Sometimes, laughter is the best medicine! What TV shows or movies do you like to watch when you need a good laugh?… 
Any interest in a spinoff? 
MOVIE REVIEW: This is Us star Chrissy Metz gives emotional performance in first big screen leading role… 
I’ve never watched any of the other marvel movies though 
Our Favorite Must See Lance Henriksen Movies #horror: Lance Henriksen is a highly accomplished actor with a current… 
Feel-good movies ONLY  
  My mother doesn’t watch superhero movies- at all; and she (to my surprise) went to go s… 
I honestly think the ad campaign was washed away because the release date was right smack in the m… 
But...the movies... Hollywood is always right 
Dema movies all be dead movies too... 
#IfRaJola we don't go to the cinema... I have the latest movies on my Laptop. 
"The Big Short" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Author Kelly Fiore on Just Like the Movies | Interview + Giveaway #TARGArchive 
I know and I love watching movies but when everyone says it's the best movie or can't wait to watch… 
I never cry in movies but #UnplannedMovie had me SOBBING last night! Definitely hard to watch, even as someone who'… 
what movies? 
Scorsese's taxi driver is supposed to be pretty good. I haven't seen it but I didn't mind the depar… 
A man I knew who was new to the United States learned in citizenship classes to watch only the classic movies on TV… 
Yes all in… 
Horror movies  
Lmao this girl that doesn’t even know how to download movies is talking about posting GOT spoilers. 
Twilight Zone Gets “Woke”: Identity Politics and Police Brutality Focal Point of Episode 
The Star Wars movies have BEEN on break since 2005! 
so apparently the percy jackson movies are on demand right now and i’m so confused. there’s percy jackson movies??… 
#Movie "The Slimbones" (2014) 
I watch super hero movies.  Lol I also don't watch series 
Boring 
Same here, I think that's the secret with movies now days... go in not expecting it to be… 
8 Ways Marvel Films Have Changed Since Iron Man (For Good) 
8 Ways Marvel Films Have Changed Since Iron Man (For Good) In 2008, Iron Man blasted into… 
17 Moments From Kid's Movies That Were So Dark They Ended Up Being Cut 
I have to say something about this pretentious guy! I really love you! Top movies #LordofWar,… 
The pop up channel shows the same movies on 106 and 110  
Lol.. I actually do watch movies for leisure and even series.. I just wonder what's i… 
Agreed, clearly a T-rex!  PROOF that these birds were feathered and not the scaled monsters you see in the movies!!  
It's dope. Just not up there as far as the introduction movies are concerned. 
Watched the Unbreakable, then Split  &amp; GlassIf you watched Glass you never watched Unbreakable &amp; Split go and watch these two movies 
New movies and TV shows to stream on Netflix, Amazon and Hulu 
Making some young lunch while watching some old school movies... #sundayplans 
I want to take my mom to the movies now  
Some movies don't need words... Spring - Blender Open Movie via 
Lawrence author’s tale of famous Kansan is now a movie, with ‘Downton Abbey’ pedigree 
I really dont like medieval shows or movies, but im happy for the people that do. GAME OF THRONES SEASON 8!!! 
all companies that own rights to movies/shows will take their stuff off Netflix and try and make th… 
Those dog movies are so fukkin irritating 
Not saying nothing good has happened in the 2010s but movies, games, music, etc have all gotten scared to truly try… 
Rather download both movies and ps4 time instead? 
Hai I download series and movies a lot so once in a while I stumble upon these sites 
Oh my goodness I love romantic movies too much. 
I would love to go rolling skating sometime, or go to the movies that would be awesome. 
they didn't have to end this movie like this. #WhereHandsTouch.a love story between a black woman&amp;white man in mov… 
Funko POP! Movies: Star Wars - Ewok 3 Pack - Teebo, Chirpa, Logray - Walmart Exclusive 
Be sure to check out the first 6 movies th the saga. 
#Movie "The Three Ages of Sasha" (2012) 
Well i cant recommend every Waters movie , again he was trying to gross out and disgust people in a… 
I was the new kid, asked for advice from fellow superheroes: Brie Larson on ‘Avengers: Endgame’  
best action movies chinese, movies drama, movies chinese martial arts, [English Subtitles] 1/2 
i recently rewatched Cry Baby and been watching lots of John waters interviews and a few of his mov… 
People are stupid, if  didn't repeat movies what other movies can they play? How many new movies come out eac… 
So exactly what is he going to do to the Republicans that voted for Trump? ….. not make any more mov… 
But not to be gone by 8pm with so many movies to catch up on. 
was that you and jaro who we saw in the movies dati? like cute niyu — hahtdog ? 
A movie with great concept, Superb movie must watch Book your tickets now on 
It's kind of annoying when you say this because translators spend HOURS making subtitles for YOU to watch TV shows… 
Whenever I start to feel like this again, I read all the nice comments on my fics. I think Really Ha… 
Guns in Movies and Television: The Best &amp; Worst 
Don't they know I just want to be blasted with nostalgia in Star Wars so I can complain it's not different so that… 
Playing SIMS, reading, watching Netflix, watching movies, spending time with my family, paranormal i… 
Great review for  #Durban Film The Kandasamys - the wedding. Well done to these fabulous Durban-based producers, di… 
Yesss that would be a fun as fuck time. We need to all hang out and watch horror movies and eat snacks  
He's played a tough guy in the movies for so long that has gone to his head. In the real world he… 
5,6 and 8 positions only happen in movies. 
My G i find it important that you stop insisting that Alex and the list is a good mov… 
It it will open your mind, Must watch this awesome movie !!Book your tickets now on 
Movies like Taken 3 and Bohemian Rhapsody have scenes that demonstrate what most people would call "bad editing."… 
IRON MAN saved Robert Downey Jr.’s career, yet he truly was the only one who could pull the character off. 9 movies later... 
Guy next door invited me to come watch Marvel movies today. Girlfriend is at work. Is that even allowed? ... Hai… 
If you have allergy to token female comic characters, there are couple of gems in the movies right now Woman at War… 
Having such an awesome Sunday. In bed, watching Netflix romantic movies and crying at all the romantic bits . 
#Movie "The Murders of Brandywine Theater" (2014) 
The one I went to the movies with yesterday  
how unaware/boring/egotistical/etc do you have to be to still be creating zombie movies/tv shows in 2019; that shit… 
Second Act (2018)  #trakt 
Old age.I went to take a nap after one of 3 movies. It was before 8pm.I just woke up.  
Brie Larson and Samuel L. Jackson were in 2 movies this year, that's impressive 
Psychology Scuttles Spirituality in Two New Movies via 
What site has all the scary movies ⁉⁉⁉⁉ 
Heaven, hell, and everything in-between at local cinemas this weekend 
Such movies does not earn from the movie centres but from the selling rights to TV channels and Digital Platforms. 
All Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movies lack the fundamentals of the series 
Yeah! And he not only had his hair, but his jumper as well and pulled him down. Sa… 
#DORK 19: Samuel L. Jackson Movies 
#DORK 23: Best Bad Movies 
#DORK 25: Christopher Nolan Movies 
#DORK 26: Stephen King Movies 
#DORK 28: Non Marvel/DC Comic Book Movies 
iBosi Cheng Video Projector Link to Buy- #Sale #cinema… 
His movies good though lol 
Yeah, no more animal movies for me.  I love horror movies, but nothing where animals appear to be havi… 
Will come to India soon: Robert Downey Jr  
It’s like when terrible movies or shows create quotes by using ellipses 
They watched to many three stooges movies 
I love his movies 
&amp; are never plugged again cos they disrespect my taste in movies 
Lol come to jozi and you'll think its exactly like the movies when it happens to you. 
Watched The Mimic last night. Holy shit the bed, there is some seriously creepy movies from Korea. #horror… 
I seen a lot of shows/movies. Why does my people have to come back and haunt y’all white hoes!?!? 
ive driven across NZ from the north to the south &amp; there's even more diversity than you see in the lotr/hobbit movi… 
Flipped. My favorite movies ever 
I 100% agree with you when it comes to horror movies and paranoia for hours so you not alone bud #latetothepodcast 
#Disney+: All the Shows and #Movies Announced So Far #Android #IOS #Mobile #PC #PS4 #Switch #TV #XboxOne 
Escape Room (2019)  #trakt 
Galaxy's Edge Details, Characters, Videos, Star Wars App Revealed 
#Movie "Whispers of the Forest" (2014) 
I love classic movies. Had a friend threaten not to speak to me anymore  because because because because beeeecccaa… 
He seems to be kind of anti superhero movies...and believes himself to be the only one worth a… 
Watching too many Yorgos Lanthimos movies and forgetting how to interact with society as a bit 
10 Mainstream Movies With as Much Nudity as Actual Porn 
'Losing Isaiah' #slums of #NYC #movies 
In a way this maybe the most nefarious way to redo 60s Trek the JJ movies failed to do. It could be possible to rec… 
You make a good point . Plus sequels be trash most of the time, now we'd have to throw away both of the movies if it's not good. 
People: I like to watch sad movies to have a good cry. Me: I don’t like to plan out my “good cry”. I live in a sta… 
Lmaoooo why am I up watching #tremors — I use to love these movies lol 
Suggest kayo movies? Bored ' 
The previews on twitter have looked like SYFY movies. 
Ha ke motho le di TV series, Sports, music, sitcoms &amp; movies that’s it. I still remember how much of a fan you are 
This thread is what happens in the movies. Beautiful endings  
youd think of the two of us id be the one who likes horror but afaik she eats scary movies for breakfast meanwhile… 
why do i keep watching shitty movies i need to watch a really good one it’s so exhausting 
About to watch #LoveLivesHereMovie  #Movies #Local  Review to follow... ^CB 
Watched two cheesy movies to get me ready and relaxed before bed but then I got fired up about politics and the pat… 
"The Devil Wears Prada" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
My parents, brother and I went to the drive-in movie double feature tonight and it was great. Wichita, people worke… 
Sweety 
Ah- you’re one of those who trolls the internet to rant on people expressing their fandom for… 
Many many years from now, some of the major cities abroad will sink. I guess these movies they were making isn’t just lies. 
I try to watch these movies, but I keep passing out 
Yeah like I guess in the first book when I first read his name I misread it as Snake? And until the… 
Still waiting for the Canada movies lol 
I’d watch movies with her all the time just to see this happening  
Holy fuckin shit people on Lifetime movies act better than this! HOW THE HELL CAN ANYONE TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY SHE IS… 
Yol don’t know how much I envy yol le lebelletsi Netflix  I wish I had that time to chill and binge watch Series’… 
There’s only one Rocky movie - and she’s sweet, shy &amp; a major source of his strength. Her character… 
Hey fans you think he's soo smart with his movies, soo perfect with his attention to details, soo talen… 
#TamilNewYearSpecial Watch #Kollywood latest thriller drama #Boomerang starring &amp;… 
can someone please explain to me how and why there are two chucky movies coming out this year, only months apart 
I’ve seen a lot of terrible movies but “Between Worlds” with Nicolas Cage might just be the worst I’ve ever seen 
horror movies are my fav 
I think most of us have been pathetically single before. I'm def some combination of Ben Stiller mo… 
Did he watch even just one of the Jurassic Park movies? 
new plan, finna binge &amp; watch all the 80s teen movies i can before the year ends. 
I'm rewatching Marvel Movies and I'm at Avengers Age of Ultron. So far only 4 stones have appeared, now Thor's visi… 
My man you need to see some more movies if that’s your top 5 
.Actor_Jai plays a Superhero in #BreakingNews  
Back to back horror comedies for tamannaahspeaks ! 
Tamil actor and politician #JKRithesh passes away 
XD Saw them in an exhibit before every seeing the movies and it was like um, these don't match up??? 
The New York Times Television, Movies"What’s on TV Sunday: ‘Game of Thrones’ and ‘Special’" by GABE COHN via NYT 
They say don't judge a book by its cover, but that's what most audiences would do. Laika doesn't a… 
That guy from the Star Wars movies.  Kewl. 
A new movie was added to the media server:The Upside (2019) [H264 · 720p · PG-13 · 6.4/10] is now available in the… 
A new movie was added to the media server:Sixteen Candles (1984) [HEVC · 1080p · PG · 7.1/10] is now available in… 
I finally watched this movie for the first time tonight and loved it. I do not go to the movies so Thanks HBO. 
Im watching scary movies bc I can’t sleep lol 
That's awesome! One of my favorite movies! 
I Google what happens in a movie before I watch it. Although this is limited to movies I haven't paid to watch. If… 
While there is no official word regarding the rest of Fox's property, confirmed at the recent Cinem… 
The more I think about it, the more I agree that Palpatine is the perfect character to bind all three trilogies tog… 
i’m sorry but we’ve had enough movies starring noah centineo like good lord i can’t take it anymore 
I think I hate zombie/post-apocalyptic movies. They’re all the same. Thank you, next. 
Someone greenlit this. Someone decided this garbage should be made. I love bad movies but this isn’t a bad movie. I… 
Those first 5 were top - tier movies. 
It's one of my top 3 worst Bond movies. Sorry Jill. The other two being #DieAnotherDay but… 
You're darn right it is.  will be starring as #Stargirl in one of the original movies streaming on Disney+!!   
Lucasfilm to put Star Wars movies ‘on hiatus’ after ‘Rise of Skywalker’  
#umjolowithazola I want someone to take along walks with, watch movies, Hike and enjoy each other’s company like it… 
...maybe. Remember JJ has said he is making this the conclusion to all nine movies so we will likely see a lot from the past. 
Guillermo del Toro’s ‘Hellboy’ Movies Were the Last of Their Kind — and They Knew It via 
Crims movies are shit 
THAT MOVIES IS SERIOUSLY THE BEST I CRY 
Here’s a song for you… Movies by 
Netflix need better movies and shows 
If i learned anything from working at a theater, it's that people can't keep their mouths shut during… 
I go with my friend.... She's a sucker for movies  like me 
hi if ur guy friend criticizes how unrealistic female centered movies* are, but recognizes suspension of disbelief… 
Would you be into seeing a reboot? 
Historians At The Movies 
One track minded movies.. You watch one you know the rest 
Heheheh I’ve seen the movie legit 5 times. Still so great but now I got train anxiety. Also this is one… 
The guardians of the galaxy movies are the only good marvel movies, change my mind. 
i feel like i just experienced three movies' worth of animation in five minutes 
My top favorite movies I have ever watched1. Interstellar 2. The Dark Knight3. The Lion King4. Finding Nemo5.… 
Women lead movies used to be amazing, but nowadays, we get overrated films with fancy VFX. 
New Poster for Elton John Biopic 'Rocketman' - Starring Taron Egerton, Bryce Dallas Howard, Richard Madden, Jamie B… 
It's more her presence, if you see her in any of the movies she's in, she definitely would make the perfe… 
Justice Department Warns #Academy Over Potential #Netflix #Oscar Ban #Oscars #Oscars2019… 
Hey Robert De Niro we aren’t going to forget what a nut case you are and will boycott your movies. 
It’s actually sad how many “kids” movies I have seen at the 21+ just because I didn’t want it to be ruined.  
Movies neh  lets go 
I love this...  #Marvel  #MarvelConnectTheEndCredits"The Perfect Order to Watch the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MC… 
everything started going to name their cars. i miss the Star Wars movies (except The Planets, 
that was...one of the most disturbing and bizarre movies ive ever watched and not in a fun way...........hh..indifferent about it.. 
Stream movies on tv, pls add that 
Bitches was appropriation. I'm sorry.    I'm trying to express feelings I've only seen in movies.  Confidence? 
i’m a fucking sucker for romance movies  
The plots are complicated, fascinating, &amp; pretty juicy, &amp; you know how you watch all these Marvel c… 
This tweet brought to you by our goal to watch all 21 avengers movies in chronological order so we’re ready to watc… 
#Movies come along that were meant to be thrilling dramas – but somewhere along the line, they shifted into a comed… 
Tyagi ji..let me enlighten you that its not Loc...its LC( in army we say LC and in movies… 
... You can't tell me you watched all these movies and yo dumb ass is going down there without some so… 
Tyagi ji..let me enlighten you that its not Loc...its LC( in army we say LC and in movies we say LoC).How… 
#Movie "The Never Daunted" (2012) 
Straitjacket I've never seen one in my life. I only see them in movies   so I doubt 
I need to quit watching romance movies in theatre. I never end up satisfied with them  
Right? I don't watch American television or movies save for documentaries. Bollywood and Korean. Tha… 
Come to think of it. I don't think I've ever done a roadtrip with anyone I dislike. That w… 
I love romance movies, I get to feel the type of love they feel in the movie but when it’s over. ..back to reality  
Guava Island is on Amazon Prime. Doing a little research on the movie, and I see that Rihanna's character's name is… 
Expect there to be some heavy losses in Avengers: Endgame. 
I do something like that too, but my go-to is Harry Potter movies.. LOL 
WORLD NET DAILY broadcast: Top Easter movies, gifts, prepper items in WND's expanded 'Spring Cleaning Sale' - WND  
I wonder what movies Rebecca Schaeffer’s woulda been in the growing years if she hadn’t been murdered in ‘89  #ABC2020 
I Don't Wanna Be #Comical! I Wanna Go to the Supreme Court! That's #Funny Enough!Cause I Can #WIN! Soc… 
Okay maybe I’m just a scaredy-cat but I find the gore factor in horror movies completely unnecessary and irrelevant to the plot line :/ 
Picture Perfect Federation, Anonymous Content Team on ‘Ramses’ Series (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Today I had conversations with a 9 year old about music, movies, school, girls, &amp; life in general. Kids are great &amp;… 
how you ask me to the movies , tell me you not paying , then tell me you don’t have a job  fuck out 
Amen!!! Same goes for the Marvel comics movies, another series of anything Batman movie wise, etc. we have plenty. Thanks 
Maggie Smith: A Career of Outstanding Performances, from Othello to Harry Potter #Movies #TV 
Lesbians Talk Movies 2019 | QFE TV Podcast #2  - Join Weepyeyes and myself (Tee) as we have a chat and list the que… 
That shit is right out of the fucking Flintstones, its incredibleBut honestly The Hobbit movies make all of that look tame 
You also touched on (in the Hellboy review) why I refuse to judge actors based upon bad movies. Eve… 
I don’t much enjoy watching bad movies but I make an exception for that one. It’s hypnotically awful… 
Please... for the love of god, and all that is holy, move forward in time from now on, not backwards. Never backwar… 
Well that's just fine we've forgotten you.  We will not watch anymore movies if your in… 
Even with people I like it's not my favorite. Not what you see in the movies 
my mom ain’t even take me to the movies  
I liked The Silence, people did not like it, but for me the movies that Netflix does are always good  
Girl got so damn high we had to leave her damn car at the movies she sang every song the whole way b… 
On one my tire had a blowout and I had to put on the donut tire with cars flying by. Just… 
There are some movies that have unforgettable scenes. After has a few of them. “I think you owe me a dare.” OMG … 
‘After’ Cast Signs Books During the Movie’s Opening Weekend! via 
Only one of the greatest movies ever made. 
Biggest perk of working at this movie theater, unlimited free movies 
in the mood to watch christmas movies 
Mini Projector TOPVISION Link to Buy- #film #movie #movies… 
marvel movies are genuinely harmeless fun and while the plot and character development could do better… 
I’ve never read the books, but it reminds me of how they shortcut like MAJOR plot lines in adapted ser… 
You aren’t alone. They’ve spent two movies with plots surrounding him and haven’t built his character at all 
Not to mention that Eastwood is one of my favorite actors and the "Outlaw" was one of my favorite movies. 
And sometimes it’s the most unexpected movies that make me cry the most 
I won’t give anyone any ammunition to impose censorship. So I vote with my wallet and don’t go to to se… 
Guillermo del Toro’s ‘Hellboy’ Movies Were the Last of Their Kind — and They Knew It - IndieWire… 
They almost did no marketing at all for Avengers: Endgame. 
I make it a point to watch movies with my family and they love them lol 
Not at all. Because Leia identifies as a Skywalker. She’s both, and the movies all make it very clea… 
IFC Films nabs U.S. rights to Peter Sarsgaard-fronted drama THE SOUND OF SILENCE #film #movies 
I’m always up this late.  Just watching Kung fu movies here.  What are you up to? 
books &gt; movies 
when everything feels like the movies you bleed just to know you're alive 
Who the f$%# is Geoffrey Thorne? Must be a porn movies?? 
I'm actually forcing myself to rewatch the ones that fall in my 9s Quest thing specifically because By the… 
Weve been watching all of the Marvel movies in order. Captain America Civil War last night/this morning. 
y'all i know bitching about star wars is the most exhausting thing to see on the internet these days buttoo much… 
 I'm watching Teen Titans Go! To the Movies  (2018) #TeenTitans #DC 
#ThingsWeUsedToDoButDontNow. Listen to music on cassette players and watch movies on the VCR.  
I don’t know why she’s so against it, but at the same time it’s human nature to look over… 
I wish I could “unwatch” movies/shows just so I could watch it again for the first time 
Scary movies all night  
what is happening to customer service??? I keep getting movies charged to me, trying to get hel… 
I'm convinced they get paid to say movies are bad 
Leave it alone! Have you learned nothing from the movies?!?  
I don't watch movies with anti-Trump celebrities 
I've been vocal about this for years. Remake bad movies, theres a treasure trove of potentially brilliant ideas wai… 
I've been vocal about this for years. Remake bad movies, theres a treasure trove of potentially br… 
I swear, you guys. I’ve seen terrible movies. I love terrible movies. This is BEYOND. 
Scary movies and chilling inside tonight  
need netflix/ hulu recommendations (movies) 
We're gonna talk about best Disney movies next RSL practice because I have thoughts 
The Silence= one of the worst movies I’ve EVER seen 
Sadly it will have to wait for a rental.  I maybe get to see two movies a year in the theater, and wh… 
Desiree went on a date tonight &amp; im at home watching love story movies with her dogs... #singleforever 
I don't like action movies 
eyoo, suggest movies pls 
#Movie "Richard's Wedding" (2012) 
dog movies will have a cold hearted criminal crying 
Who remembers the Spy Kids movies? All 4 of them are on Netflix and I’m watching number 1 rn 
Thank you. Black island representation in movies is something really important to me and your represe… 
just saw Shazam w/ my mom &amp; we loved it!! Love movies that I can enjoy &amp; relive w/ my mom! Great job! 
this one is last movie of this trilogy, and there will eventually be more spinoff star wars movies… 
Godzilla movies y’all  
I've seen all Rachel Adam's movies from Notebook. But this one had a twist and was hilarious, I agree. 
Inability to understand what I said. The thing is reviewers review crappy movies all the time, and that crappiness… 
Science videos, Star Wars theories or story explaining, commentaries, video essays about movies, politics or music 
Oh, that's just ... No, I'm sorry, that's against the Geneva Conventions.  If there was a choice betw… 
I love that netflix makes me fall in with love older movies all over again  
Agreed! 
uh oh I love murakami but I don’t like movies 
Hahaha, this is so good. I had no idea he’d been in so many terrible movies. 
Being a phoenix is lame.Just ask Sansa Stark, she failed at it in those X-Men movies. 
Had no idea Hellraiser had its 46th movie out. Okay, Hellraiser 10, here we go. #netflix... and remove The Open Hou… 
Smoked a backwood and watching movies alone. Best Saturday night ever 
I love all the Marvel movies out there, but some I enjoyed more than others. Black Panther according to google is l… 
‘Madhura Raja’ review: Another leaf from the trusted masala playbook 
Working with Vijay Sethupathi is not great for my confidence: Gayathrie Shankar 
I can’t ever watch scary movies bc my brain likes to play tricks on me in the middle of the night and I feel like a freaked out little kid  
Record Store Day 2019 haul - the long lost soundtrack to season two of “Twin Peaks,” the soundtrack to “Ghost World… 
Did Mike Smith star in one of this Disney movies and trade bodies with Martin Brodeur? #Avs have out-everythinged t… 
Similarly, you make too many references to scenes from different SW movies for it to be believable that yo… 
I've never seen any of the Twilight movies. I think I'm going to keep it that way. 
I just wanna watch all the great 80’s movies right now 
Just added my record of 160 movies in the recent two years, from Douban account. I will try to write reviews (in my… 
TOUMEI Mini Projector Link to Buy- #film #movie #movies… 
Woah!.. #funny #goofy 
Ok so maybe I can’t see 2 movies with my brother tomorrow. We will figure it out... 
What was numbskull Hayes opinion of Trumps cabinet members that were harassed at restaurants and movies etc? 
   I am stunned and so very happy with the news that they are moving forward on a sequel to last year’s Tomb R… 
"I do not owe them any late fees"... I always did like them because they would still let you rent mo… 
BRUH why can't men just be normal??!? likeeee whaaaaaaabtw, the answer is no-- people in the US do not have sex a… 
I disagree that Star Wars sucks, but there simply isn't enough material to watch exclusiv… 
It's impossible 60k people saw it the moment it dropped and reviewed it. Such a small percenta… 
Yes on the personal accounts. We're into music, food, travel, coffee, preserving our Mexican cultu… 
All Denzel Washington movies  
I’m a big Adam Sandler fan and he has funnier movies out but it’s good for sure 
New 'Rurouni Kenshin' live-action movies to be released in via 
Another #Last4Watched because the weekend is for movies 
Yes...that is one of my favorite movies as well... 
Zack and Miri make a p0rno is one of the funniest movies of all time 
Movies I saw this year:Great movies:Passengers MoonlightBlackKklansmanFencesJackieOkay movies:Hell or hig… 
I agree with you.  I enjoyed all three new Trek movies.   It's a shame that… 
yeah it did and they canceled the movies because of it which means we'll never find out what happe… 
As a lover of bad movies, real talk though: what the fuck is Manos, the Hands of Fate? Lol oh my 
Sammy J can't even name all the Infinity Stones. 
your bunch of interviews has given me the scope on what to expect in your movies. Everyday I battle… 
Honestly so hyped to do cute ass Halloween shit with Babe better be ready for a pumpkin patches, hor… 
Bob Saget's R-rated drug-addiction dark comedy BENJAMIN to become Redbox's first "original" release on April 23… 
it was good, not as good as the other movies but it was good. 
I hate watching movies with people that don’t actually watch the movie  
Disney unveiled its Disney+ digital subscription. It'll cost $7 a month and include Classic movies ,the Star Wars T… 
Game of Thrones 8 Season Movies Wallpaper HD 
This reminds me of when I used to make my old bf watch bad movies all the time. Omg  
One of my favorite activities include: watching dog movies with my pup  
You and Sebastian get a show while gets movies XD 
I dunno about you, but as a kid I thought these movies are normal and cool. Now I realize it’s just… 
A 14 hour flight to Dubai, a 3 hour stop over then a 3 hour flight to Mumbai. I’ve even do… 
When you had 2  at the movies! Me, cuz he’s sober!  
Microsoft Rewards is for Xbox One Games and Movies/TV Shows only. You can even use the MS… 
Ever see the Purge movies... that would be EVERY day and night if there were no Police. 
Aaron Eckhart to play mentally-unstable P.I. in April Mullen-directed conspiracy thriller WANDER #film #movies 
Alexis told me I didn’t need to take my jacket to the movies, like a dumbass I listened to her &amp; now it’s raining  
Man I sure do love watching all sporting events and intense movies on my nice 55 inch 4K tv in my nice warm home si… 
Lil bro has such high standards for movies  
Date idea: Ice cream and superhero movies. 
Yes, yes. Idk why do many people just thought it was "ok" - it is one of the better origin story movies I've seen 
‘Warning’: Toni Garrn, Annabel Mullion &amp; Richard Pettyfer Join Thriller With Annabelle Wallis, Alex Pettyfer, Alice… 
Who else watches movies with the subtitles on? 
where can I find some good TV shows/movies with accurate ASL? I've already seen all of Switched at Birth 
No problem!! It’s a large universe with a lot of movies and easy to get lost in. 
The older movies were a bit more violent than I had recalled . 
One more thing, whyis it always the guy in movies and tv shows that is portrayed as not wanting kids? 
The guardians movies are so fucking fun 
I don't. But, she has almost no depth in the previous movies,… 
Trying not to make assumptions, but I'm starting to feel like Avengers: Endgame is going to break the fourth wall a… 
#Movie "Deathsport" (1978) 
I debated doing it that way but I wanted them to experience the movies the way I did. (Selfish dad mode) I… 
I can't enter that binge-and-live-tweet-the-marvel-movies contest because I'm related to the person who made it or… 
So to respond to your question: I thought Solo was ok, but it… 
None. She loves Wynonna Earp, but doesn’t get into the fandom. I love to read &amp; write, watch TV shows/mov… 
I... just... need them to be in love with each other in more movies. 
I enjoyed Solo. I didn't like the concept. I don't want more… 
Fantastic. I'm going through it in "Story order," according to AMC. Finished through Avengers, and… 
In the house watching movies  
I can’t wait till they make a movie about Nicki like they did biggie whoever they get to play her betta go crazy im… 
Finally saw #CaptainMarvel and usually movies are for entertainment but I can honestly say it was inspirational#FallDown7TimesStandUp8 
Wait, what? 
music videos in the early 2000's use to be like movies 
Top five movies 
Trashy movies like sharknado?  
alright I finally got a trial via . Seems too good to pass up since I watch horror movies so much tbh 
....oh, yeah, here is the link. This is the 4th one that I have found that mentioned Deadline. Every… 
Sitting in a theatre alone watching 5 feet apart literally bawling. The movies almost as good as the book was. 
So Shane didn’t watch them. The “raccoon” movies are uber important. 
Gotta catch up on #mcumarathon so double down weekend.  Tonight I'm watching two movies.  First up, #ironman3.  I l… 
now go back and watch the other movies so you can be IRATE 
Can you please react to SML movie the mystery safe. Your my favorite reaction channel i love when you… 
Steals?  Dude, both movies are inspired by Mexican culture lol 
Here's is another link that mentions Deadline. Nobody mentions anybody else. You figure that BIG news… 
You can group them by the hero and watch that way (like all the iron man movies, then all thor, etc.) but… 
Shazam is just one of those movies where it’s a must to rewatch it again #Shazam  
A lot of our lives are like bad movies, at least you know which one is yours  
To have movies and tv shows 
And the Ron Pearlman movies were a staple in my childhood so that has always stuck with me (especially the Tooth Fairies in Golden Amry ) 
I was talking to someone today about actors and them being out of work a lot of the time unless you a… 
Mindy Kaling and Priyanka Chopra set to star in and produce untitled wedding comedy for Universal, with Kaling co-w… 
dawg, y’all speeding up movies, to fit in more commercials, jacks with comedic timing, and it’s not… 
MYE MOM: ratatouilles one of my favorite movies ever.                                    i cant make this up.... Send tweet Tho... 
Why do people make horror movie previews ads? I don’t like scary movies or previews and I don’t want to see it in t… 
badly want to watch netflix series &amp; movies but still we got no internet aaahhh it sucks grrr 
Definitely haven’t seen many of these, although I would not say movies like Annihilation or Birdman ar… 
When it comes to movies I gotcha!!! 
Your top 5 favorite movies?! 
Hey twitter, what are some good movies smiliar to Memento or Inception? 
50 Essential Movies to Watch First on the New Criterion Channel via 
Here's the First Trailer for Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker via 
Lots of Bette Davis movies. 
The last one for today is an old favorite. Love the Hannibal Lecter books by Thomas Harris. Love the movies as wel… 
The Island of Unmade Godzilla Movies – Fan Parody Animation via Wh… 
He thinks he's as tough as some of the roles he's played in movies over the years. He's not! 
Kudos to your humans for their taste in movies. 
Do you wear a tin foil hat when you go to the movies, too?  Didn’t your mommy tell you about things that aren’t real? 
Wow. Just wow. I have never stopped playing games or watching movies with dudes who aren't all buff o… 
I like all those in the quote tweet.I also like action movies.I like chick flicks.I like comedy films.I like ho… 
You’ve said nothing original. Memes and forms of “ubiquitous” aren’t doing it for… 
Hi.I’m Jon. It takes me a little while to get to some movies because of work and family and such.Creed (2015) is freaking amazing. 
Besides the doppelganger villain that's pure MCU formula but yes this is grit with hear… 
in a mood to watch all the halloweentown movies 
i’m literally spending my saturday night watching all the spy kid movies hahahah 
Universal taps Jonathan Liebesman (and before him, Chris McKay) to oversee reshoots for Robert Downey Jr.-led VOYAG… 
Really these movies were amazing to watch. 
Why will I always watch 2 bad movies to avoid watching 1 good? Why Crazy Rich Asians &amp; Thoroughbreds &amp; not Free Sol… 
Who is “we”? I think he believes he is the tough guy character he plays in the movies. What a sad way… 
"Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secr.." and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
68 Hallmark movies got me  #BTSxSNL 
At this point... 1. I am curious to know what “you wish” meant. 2. Do you… 
foley is the atmospheric/everyday sound effects in movies, like footsteps, glasses clinking, water spl… 
#7thSense Dhaamo episode &gt;&gt; his last 3 movies ARM ga... 
they got three movies now and there's still only like super limited screening merch im dying 
Wonder what it'll be. 
Action Movies-The Story of Zho Enlai 2014-Best Action Movies-Full Movies 2014-Full HD - YouTube 
I need more girl friends. Let’s hangout, watch movies... eat food idc. Accepting applications now. Snapchat is kierstenmonroe  
Me : babe you seen Pineapple ExpressBabe : that Christmas movie Me: that’s polar express 2 completely different movies  
Wow you know your classic movies, I'm impressed. I wonder too. 
That’s why their movies and shows ar… 
Kristen Stewart Kisses Sara Dinkin During PDA-Filled Outing at Coachella Festival via… 
Both the Incredibles movies are in my favourites list for precisely this reason 
He look like someone I see doing this for movies 
I've spent the last 2 days watching ace family vids, and their intro song is burned into my 
See, this isn't quite the same as saying they were bad movies. I think both are genuinely good movi… 
I'm like pretty sure that old Disney version is the one I have too because my grandma stopped buyi… 
in other words if you haven't watched love, rosie it's now on netflix and it's one of my favorite movies of all time so pls pls go watch it 
I love all the Thor movies. 
I have now watched all 3 Avengers movies, The Greatest Showman, and just put in Thor: Ragnarok 
Just when I thought I had found someone to go watch movies with, then she's at Vosloorus 
11 Most Anticipated Horror Movies of 2019! #horror: Looking forward to the highly anticipated new 2019 horror movie… 
Sold out movies.  
i don’t even watch movies anymore, it’s just like reading a book all in one sitting 
On that note my top comfort/chill movies are:1) Lord of The Rings (original trilogy, extended edition)2) Prince o… 
My middle brother is really out here ruining movies. Lil jerk 
Watch AFTER 2019 Full Movie Live HD on 123moviesWATCH NOW!______________***______________PLAY AFTER in HD &gt;&gt;&gt;… 
if anyone knows any girls who want to hang out, watch movies, listen to and eat homemade ice cre… 
- The fight between the Winter Soldier and Rogers on the street is probably one of the best fight scenes in all of… 
How many more teenage cis whitebread coming of age movies where the lead looks like a thumb are they gonna force down our throats??? 
I love the movies. Especially Netflix. TV shows 
Brodee and I are a block from downtown Des Moines bars, but we’re in our hotel room, in our pajamas, eating fries a… 
Just might make a music video for The Ghost of You by My Chemical Romance using clips from the Captain America movies 
As it is all about Scott, IMHO the other Liberal Ministers will only be making cameo appearances, a… 
Okay, Shazam! is yeah pretty much the best of these DCU movies by far. Specifically when it does the thing every ot… 
Brilliant. Those movies have incredible soundtracks!!! 
Guillermo del Toro’s Hellboy Movies Were the Last of Their Kind | Indiewire #Movies #TV 
- Again, I feel like Widow's overall arc in these movies is put of wack. She's back to being a cold, unfeeling assa… 
There are some movies, when I see the title or think back on it, my first reaction is . For example,… 
Reserve your seats for the flat out terrifying now playing: #MakeItICONIC 
I fucking love the Terminator movies. 
STOP THROWING LA LLORONA ADS EVERYWHERE I GET NIGHTMARES EVEN THINKING ABOUT SCARY MOVIES. 
I really wanna see the reboot too! we should go together! I love the Hellboy movies 
GAME OF THRONES - Episode 00 - The Story So Far #GoTS8 #GoTPremiereNYC #season8… 
God, I'm watching The Last Jedi AGAIN, it's forcing it's way into my library of comfort movies. I DON'T EVEN LIKE I… 
Hey Democrats. We’re not going to forget your support of Hillary.  Won’t be going to any of your movies either Demo… 
In 1953, #ColumbiaPictures sent this great #photo album to its distributors. A lousy #MarilynMonroe #film was re-re… 
I think the top comment on the reddit reaction thread was "of all the movies I've seen, Hellboy has been the most recent" 
and MOST COAL MINERS DON'T WANT TO MINE COAL EITHERthey used to make movies about how coal mining k… 
Ive been to 5 or 6 movies so far this year and I guess now its just okay to talk during the movie and kick people's… 
Peter Weir had a helluva run through the 70s and early 80s. Do you think he got four “perfect” movies in a row? If… 
Might mess around and  |      |   \          / ____| |_____/        __/\_Watch all the marvel movies in one night 
Geese can travel the skies in beautiful formations. And we need roped lanes to line up at the movies. 
#Movie "Naken" (2000) 
Historians at the Movies 
I was never allowed to read comic books when I was young. My mother was a snob. So now I’m watchin… 
I’ve never equally loved all 3 movies of a series as much as 
They said most big studio movies are too expensive to host. They have like 20 Zatoichi movies… 
When they realize all there is to discover at a library: books, movies, new friends, events, programs just for them… 
The Royal Tennenbaums, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Moonrise Kingdom, and Grand Budapest Hotel. All his movies are magi… 
The only shorter ones it seems are the first two THOR movies and THE INCREDIBLE HULK.Although I hear tell ENDGAME… 
Damn! They rated Hell Boy like they do Madea movies.  
Let’s cuddle and watch movies all day! 
After catching up on my 'History of the Supernatural' lectures &amp; readings, I feel the need to watch the #Underworld… 
I believe this is one of the shorter MCU movies. 
You don’t want to fight me on stars wars i am telling you right now you will not win....… 
Was Clooney's Batman underrated? 
Idk how I does let my mother convince me to watch them ole Hallmark movies  
I’m still scared when I watch movies. I don’t know why I’m so emotional. I literally cry for no reason a… 
I'm at the movies with my family but I don't feel well my head hurts and I'm a little nauseous bc I drank weed too fast I think 
Currently looking for some good movies to watch on Netflix... 
semi-off-topic: I liked Godfrey Ho movies, especially his ninja flicks, legitimately before seeing any "ironic like… 
Turning sitties into movies 
Your question comes twenty years too late, alas.(there was that shape-shifting bo… 
I remember nothing abt the bond movies from the 90s except that in one of them his love interest is like,,,,an engi… 
Just got back home from Shazam and dang, it was definitely awesome. Easily one of my favorite superhero movies now. 
Haha I’m married, I’ve seen so many of these horrible movies. I feel your pain. 
My daughter just asked me to sing to her, and my first instinct was to hum the Star Wars theme some. Which is bizar… 
Coyote Ugly is one of the best movies of all time. LeAnn Rimes goes so hard 
... floor he was on so quick?- Wasn't Level 7 the most critical level in Avengers? Now it's Level 1?- Not gonna l… 
Before too long- we won’t have the option to buy/own movies because of this; we’ll be forced… 
I'm watching Mirage (2018) #trakt 
So sad. Wondering what is wrong w De Niro. He is (was) such a talented man w full of charisma in act… 
Thank you, Fam! I can probably make a list with just D. Washington movies but Training Day is my favorite! 
I’ve watched 5 heist movies in two days so you could basically say I’m an expert bank robber 
I bought every season so I can rewatch ahs as much as I like. After 8 was over, I needed… 
Nope. Farts cause global warming. Even from unicorns. I’m pretty sure either Al Gore or Micha… 
But you can look at all heroes being made as profit, look at batman, and s… 
Waiting for Nicolette to get out of the movies and her first date.  
Don’t you get to see like 3 movies a week? 
been watching movies allllll day 
I’m Not Even Tryna Be In Philly Tomorrow Think Ima Go To The Movies Byself I Really Don’t Wanna Be Around Nobody Fr 
Wait so... If we get all the movies (which we will) we’ll see josep- I mean tessa pregnant??? 
I haven't seen any other transformers movies bc of all the BS I've heard about them but this one  muh hart 
The saw movies get progressively worse 
Turns out the Criterion Channel website has a list of all the movies available, now I can watch Scanners. 
gonna see how many resident evil movies I can watch tonight 
Me either... some D list actor who probably plays background in niche movies and tv shows. 
One of my favorite movies of all time, for good reason &lt;3 
I’m back and forth with Selena. Can we really call Selena one of the best Chicano movies when the l… 
Can’t saw I’m any type of aficionado, but love movies and the theater experience was on another level.… 
It’s the same as those who rant on BVS and Man of Steel for their darker tones and comparing them to… 
JL wasn't, I love shazam by didn't enjoy the movie, that doesn't mean I'm… 
I can barely comprehend how bad these movies have gotten. 
Favorite Halloween movie? — halloweentown movies! 
It depends on the view of the person watching them, what expectations they… 
want a friend I can sip wine and watch romantic scary and comedy movies with.. hate being bouji by myself. 
Just got back from Captain Marvel, can't recommend it enough. Went in with low expectations but it ended up being o… 
All the fucking time. Have you seen my face? Even with what little facial hair I have, I get carded e… 
Tired: Hollywood franchise movies are just two hour long toy ads.Wired: All films are two hour long toy ads. Satyr… 
It really reminds me of one of my favorite movies, How To Be A Serial Killer 
Color us excited! 
I can’t watch stupid movies by myself! Who am I going to make dumb comments to? 
Historians at the movies 
Some days you just need to curl up in your blankets and watch movies.And snackJust veg out yanno 
taking applications for anyone who wants to come over to just sit in bed eating popcorn and cookies while watching… 
Omg I watched ALL 19 movies in 5 weeks.  The things I do for a Darrell. 
I entered to win Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse DVD + Activity Kit Giveaway via Will you enter?… 
Trash actor , all the movies the same 
It was my #2 choice when we went to the movies last weekend. I'm still really glad I picked Captain Marvel. 
I’m trying not to watch the same movies over and over again! Lol 
Yesterday I had a bring new hand like the movies in Zoolander. Where the hand itself played Piano. My son is contin… 
Zombies, Star Wars, Video Games, Movies, Voltron, Sci-Fi, Books, Cute Animal GIF’s, Lego, and 80s.… 
Marvel for moviesDc for gamesArchie for comics 
Me and kais are having a Harry Potter movie marathon and she asked me why I knew every word to the movies. Like gir… 
44 emails worth of movies - like... what’s the conversion rate - a list of 27 porn movies = 1 emails wo… 
The Rock , all his movies trash.  
So #Hellboy was sick. It’s one of those movies where you just have to shut your brain off and enjoy it. Harbour, La… 
Another Saturday night, another chance for me to listen to my neighbors' bad techno music for 8 hrs straight.I us… 
ill remember that the next time i decline to watch one of your gross movies. 
I was in a Star Wars-y mood today with the episode IX trailer out, so I watched Last Jedi again.It's really becom… 
IM1 gave me something no other film previously could: someone I could relate to. I was 10? Maybe 11.… 
TPM and TLJ are both real Star Wars movies. 
One of the greatest movies and theme tunes of all time.  Seen it about thirty times. 
HorrorMovieime Watching#KillGameNew Horror Movies - Best Thriller Scary Movie English via 
Hallmark has done such a wonderful job in their movies this spring. They’ve all bee… 
Another amazing year at the #movies! Check out the 2017 #movie slate: #ComingSoon 
i wanna go to the movies !!!  
That's because you also need to watch movies like midnight run or something like that to have something to laugh at. 
What’s one of y’all favorite movies?? 
Harry Manfredini didn't change his score through 8 of the F13 movies, and I applaud him for it. #fridaythe13th #thefinalchapter 
“In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.” #LifeLessons #TheGodfather #rewatching #movies 
 Tired of these Apple hoes. I think in Hollywood when you reach “that” age, you kno… 
So many zombie movies and TV shows these daysI'm convinced that may be the only reason to still have AR-15's in t… 
I still cannot watch those movies 
Yep. no more DeNiro movies 
there’s a reason I come back every week and movies like this is why. I’m never disappointed #BottledWithLove 
Great time at All Star Movies thanks to the excellent service and entertainment provided by Steve S. tonight… 
Your gonna forget that he is in the #JohnWick movies 
me helping my dad carry all the food at the movies while my brother is away at college 
#Movie "The First One Hundred Years of the Western" (2003) 
That was one of the best movies in a while. #SecretsInASmallTown 
Glass If Beale Street Could Talk And Us Three Great Movies I Encourage Everyone To Go See 
Saturday night, all right!!  #guason #joker #crazy #man #movies #art #digitalart #digitalpainting #drawing… 
I am so sick and tired of the "I'm not like other girls" type in movies For the love of god write a real character… 
Is star wars the best franchise? Good games, good movies, some very decent TV series. Really difficult to find some… 
this movie was so good...one of the best Hallmark movies   #BottledWithLove 
Nor are we, not one more $ spent on his movies. Oh wait, he’s a has been 
Pizza wings and movies tonight  
If you like martial arts movies, I strongly recommend TRIPLE THREAT on - excellent cast of figh… 
Better bring some tissues! 
I’m not always a fan of the “I love you’s” at the end of these movies but this time I’m HERE for i… 
why yall fucking up sm lmao. im glad yall giving us free premium and free movies and shit but still… 
519. The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part. There's few more rapid &amp; joyous explodi-mations than Lego movies. Everythin… 
Two movies that inspired me as an undergrad history major about the excitement of research: Paper Chase &amp; All the President’s Men #HATM 
My boy Maximus is such a sweet boy.. he spent a solid hour after dinner distracting me with toys trying to keep me… 
yikes, I need to stop watching romance movies  
Movies it is...I pray I can stay awake. 
Why are people in movies always trying to act?  Otherwise, it would be mundane. 
This is why no one goes to the movies with you. 
He adopts dogs in a lot of Hallmark movies. #BottledWithLove… 
ayeeeee uwu you like scary movies?? I literally can't even watch PG13 w/out being scared o.o 
Disney movies cure sadness 
Okay Star Wars people, I haven’t seen any of the first 6 movies and have no clue who is supposed to be laughing at… 
Haha I noticed that today. It’s one of those movies that gets better everytime haha 
Got stoned. Watch movies. Live in Ajijic, Mexico. It’s a good Saturday for a 46 year old. 
yall are really playing with me adding the Addams Family movies when I was busting my butt trying to find them for halloween. 
There’s a lot to love about your app, but there’s a lot of room for improvement. For starters, why d… 
For those of you thinking “I wonder how the spy kids movies aged”.  I can confirm that all 3 of them are uhh, very bad. 
#AvengersEndgame Press Event Footage Teases A Very Solemn Adventure - 
You leave Black Summer alone. But yes I’ve also wondered this. Just write a damn script that acknow… 
I watch movies during their games. Games on my tablet. 
#CountdownToEndgame This was a needed mood lifter after the last run of movies. It didn't start light though. Watch… 
I like superheroes like Spider-Man and Iron Man, but not these newer ones. I watch the Avenger mov… 
Young Justice has really made me appreciate DC comics. Their storylines and how they shoot their movies is more mat… 
Check out Finding Forrester DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
OMFG one of the greatest movies ever!! amazing ... 
My biggest question is, with all the millions made, why did it take over 40 years to make 9 movies? I s… 
Guillermo del Toro’s ‘Hellboy’ Movies Were the Last of Their Kind — and They Knew It - IndieWire -… 
Watched Shazam! today. One of the first movies I’ve watched all the way through without getting fidget… 
Any of the Sharknado movies. 
I was filled with glee when i found Short Circuit 2 on Netflix and tried to get my kids to watch… 
WHY are teacher-student relationships a trope in movies they are so GROSS I am CREEPED OUT 
I want to point out that we actually owned most of the movies he listed. 
Not saying that Push It is the best #HipHop song of all time by a female rap act but it's no question it is the mos… 
I was gonna go to the movies but its crowded, and I've had enough crowds for one day. 
So I Just went and saw Pet Sematary in Theaters and let me just say I absolutely enjoyed It if you like scary movie… 
Russ gave me a list of movies he's never seen like Full Metal Jacket and the original IT movie. We're on vacay, guess what we're gonna do. 
Fury road for me topped the originals. They still hold up but the madness truely shines in fury road ...WITNESS!!!!!!! 
And “Dazed and Confused” (set a decade before I was in HS) resembled my own high school experiences way more than t… 
She’s the best! Petition to have her in more hallmark movies please! especially with… 
One of the most god awful #chevychase #movies #fletchlives has my attention. Don’t miss it! 
The unfortunate thing about movies is, a decade from now you'll be able to pinpoint two hou… 
I have never seen them, but I want to one day. My mother did not let me watch them when I was younger… 
Not really. Just remember how adamant young girls were about those movies 10-ish years ago. It's a beautiful song. for sure. 
I just walked out of “Us” halfway through.I don’t do scary movies, but I wanted to give this one a shot, it’s a n… 
But Roundhead Ruin Johnson couldn't subvert your expectations without massive plot holes. Not to mention cucking ev… 
So I was thinking about face masks soon and painting our nails and like picking out some movies and sn… 
I think Sandra Bullock needs to only make movies where she plays an FBI agent they’re all fire 
FANTASTIC chat Matt and Ellie chatting to their tour ‘Movies &amp; Musicals’ ⁦⁦… 
“ One More Chance “ will always be one of the best movies for me. 
#EndgameCountdown #AvengersEndgame I have already rewatched all movies prior to #Endgame but I can always do it aga… 
Alright, FINE. I love Noah Centineo Netflix movies. There, I said it! #ThePerfectDate #SierraBurgessIsALoser #TATBILB 
currently sitting in my living room watching movies and drinking beer all by myself, and let me tell ya life is great. 
Me when I hear songs in movies and TV shows! 
There’s another new movie about penguins? Is there some gigantic market for these movies or something? It’s like Marvel or something... 
I just realized that I have watched 15 movies, and that is just from this weekend and last weekend. Clearly I have… 
Can't stand him! No longer watch any of his movies, etc. I can't believe I was stupid enough… 
All these so called “Actors” but I have yet to see or heard of any show, movies that they have been… 
Jeff Berg—“Historic Movie Theatres of New Mexico” #movies #history #newmexico #ofpl #gallup #library #nm #films… 
You know "The Way We Were" has always been one of my favorite movies, b… 
Fun fact about me is real life movies scare me, like adult movies, anything not Dinsey, Pixar, child rated scares m… 
What parent would let a 6 year old take emotional stake in the 911 drama did they put on ww2 holocaust… 
Making food watching movies and just chillin today 
Watched the movie After! It was so good! didn’t like the ending. hoping for more movies:) harden is so hot also he… 
We don’t talk enough about how Prince did the entire soundtrack to Batman and they’re all bangers for one of the be… 
I keep checking twitter &amp; all I see is talking about the new trailer for Star Wars &amp; his excitement… 
WHO KEEPS MAKIN ALL THESE DOG MOVIES 
A 70’s gem! Very cool it’s on Shudder. Check out Race With the Devil available on the Shudder App! 
Streaming Movie Review: ‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer 
More like, "Alyssa Milano to tell "stories" about fucking without rubbers or birth control and getti… 
Newer fan... loving this #BottledWithLove movie and the work chemistry between you and ...… 
Ok, so I can’t openly recommend this movie because you might have mundane taste in movies. I don’t, however, so I e… 
Abbie forced me to watch all the Twilight movies and Charlie is the best character in the whole series. 
I don't normally like or endorse movies about children, but COP CAR is a fun way to spend 85 
My mom left the tampon talk to an aunt.  When I asked her why there were naked women in movies but n… 
Adam Rosenberg said The Last Jedi was “...one of the best Star Wars movies ever made..”?!? It may be the worst MOVIE ever made! 
They need to put more Horror Movies on here though. 
Studiocanal Sells Nent Canal Plus Creátion Originale Viaplay Package - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
See: Edge of Tomorrow. One of the best movies that year commercially failed because it had a crappy title. 
 I think I speak enough comic for both of us  Wonder Woman is DC Comics, but loved it… 
Time to remember the fallen   #GameOfThrones 
noah centineo in TOO mnay movies. somebody stop him!!! every teen on netflix is in love with him 
Jordan Peele’s ‘Us’: 11 surprising influences behihnd the horgror hit x 6caught s c dfcgcyd… 
Captain America: The Winter Soldier: the Captain America arc has always been my favorite of the entire franchise. W… 
I'm a super fan of older John Cusak movies. I like Grosse Point Blank &amp; High Fidelity better than Sere… 
Yeah no I don’t use the baby monitor when I babysit. I’ve seen too many scary movies and I sure as hell will NOT st… 
They appeared in seasons (1,2,3,5,6,7) That's 6 they didn't appear in seas 4 the wizards of the bl… 
#Movie "Little Chicago" (2005) 
Amber Benson has been writing Lifetime movies and Hallmark mysteries and they are trying to get more inclusion from… 
The Best Bad Movies on Netflix 
Robert De Niro says Trump unfit for presidency via Are you man enough to admit you… 
Hey C, thanks. Been a rainy, stormy day… 
You can make the same comparisons with Lucas and old World War II movies. 
K-LOVE is not boycotting or banning this movie, we apologize this impression was made. We did share… 
Every Stephen King Movie and TV Series in Development 
I’m so excited for it!!! All the Toy Story movies are my favorite! Warms my heart! Thank you for being… 
Bragging about not having seen Star Wars is like me bragging about not liking the Matrix. Yeah that… 
Top Easter movies, gifts, prepper items in WND's expanded 'Spring Cleaning Sale' 
What’s with all these movies with seniors in high school finding true love? We all know you go to college and have… 
just watched #aftermovie and lemme tell you if we don’t get more movies I’m going to personally email everyone involved in that decision 
Its billed as one of the worst movies and became a meme 
France’s TF1 Proves Potential of Filmax’s ‘Red Band Society’ - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I spend my night watching a great movie with my best, Otávio. "Isn't It Romantic" it's a wonderful movie about love… 
Are you ready for "Grease?" 
WATCH: "No one is ever really gone," says the voice of Luke Skywalker in the first teaser trailer for "Star Wars: E… 
We have Fifty Shades Darker on the TV.My response: This is painful to watch. There’s better acting in movies. 
There will never be a day when horror remakes and reboots cease to exist. Rather than continue this trend with movi… 
Have you seen the movies? 
tangled is one of the best disney movies , hands down 
SAME. I mean, I always cry at movies. But DAMN. 
Their planning has been terrible on all these movies (Lord and Miller, Collin Trevorrow, Josh Trank, R… 
The Silence on Netflix is A1. Its really good and worth the watch, it's kind of like The Quiet Place. #movies #Netflix #thesilence 
there’s nothing like a clean house, clean clothes , dinner cooked , &amp; candles light while cuddled up to your man in bed watching movies  
They should just make trailers and skip the movies. They are always such a letdown. 
finally saw Shazam! it was delightful and when did the Ramones become the "go to" music for superhero movies? 
Remember when musicians made 30+ minute mini-movies that are good?Me neither. It's pure egoism.#ChildishGambino#Coachella 
MY NAME IS CODY LUNSFORD AND I. LOVE. MOVIES. 
Atda movies fin checkout pet cemetery thoo 
just watched hellboy today and absolutely loved it. I thought your performance as big… 
Never heard of any of those movies in my life. 
Robert De Niro we wont forget about you including ever watching any of your old movies.... 
Just saw the movie 'Pet Sematary' and I thought that this was by far the scariest movies I have ever seen! 
I like 80s movies because I get older and they... why do I like 80s movies again? 
Crumpys wings, movies &amp; cuddled up to mans on thia this rainy Saturday is pure bliss  
True! It is like the Cube movies! 
Dang, you're way ahead of me! I've seen all the movies and read Phasma. Uh, that's it. Thanks for catching me up!  
Normally most movies/Anime’s don’t but the last one I remember hitting me was One piece. Couldn’t help b… 
Never would have even entered my mind in a discussion of basketball movies. 
To stay in and watch scary movies or go out and probably regret it? #SaturdayChoices 
An old lady went in my lane, noticed a Black Panther mask put in the mag rack on my station. "You know, they kill h… 
Fewer movies take such an aggressive left turn than the original Mummy Series. 
Walt Disney Co. Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger said he’s not at all concerned that consumers may be overexposed t… 
I just love the two of you! Seen all your movies together since, The Perfect Score.  
Maybe if I watched The Secret Life of Pets before every movie, I would enjoy more movies 
It’s an example of what these new movies are doing in creating more fans, my 5yr old son just love… 
Or like the superman is like he is in the DC animated movies, which will always be better then their live action films. 
erainab: Rob talking about how he aproches his characters he plays in movies  April12, 2019 Arclight... 
Disappointing, I was hoping it would be good. I love the Del Toro movies, was sad they didn't finish t… 
Yes, Rey is a lot like Luke. I think it’s supposed to be that way. These are movies for a new generation.… 
Tomorrow Central, it’s a Double Feature! We’re talking w/ about #JusticeLeague (2017) and… 
ma'am not once did I say I hated white people, what I did say however was the pro-whi… 
And for YEARS Hollywood would eplain why they never have #ADOS actors in their movie… 
I agree to a point with you. The Force Awakens did feel a little too much like a re hash or ANH. But perso… 
The Bye Bye Man has to be one of the worst movies to be ever released in theaters good lord is this thing awful 
Attention carnal Christians: don't for one second believe you can live like Hell on Saturday night by going to the… 
yall just homophobic . all these other movies recycling the same straight, boring, love story. next 
I've seen 2 of the movies on this list! 
Gotta say, most action movies aren’t exactly that difficult to understand. Has he ever watched one? 
Haiku for a #NewWorldCity“Wow! UQ looks likeHogwarts!” Old buildings onlyexist in movies 
I just want someone to come keep me company and bring movies cause all I really have are horror movies and I’m not… 
I want to go to the movies sooooo bad. I can’t wait till I can take Karson and don’t have to find a sitter. 
Related: I cry during all movies now I guess 
with this one I saw three of Matteo Garrone's movies and in all of them it seems the protagonists act very stupid a… 
You are witty, succinct, write in a natural voice, have huge knowledge base! Write historical fict… 
The Star Wars movies are based off one family fucking over the entire galaxy for generations to come. 
It does to some guys!It just doesn't work as easily in porn unfortunately.Also most of the younger… 
#ThingsWeUsedToDoButDontNow Pay $1.50 for matinee movies, as we did when I was 11 years old in 1981 (75 cents for popcorn).... 
So, how would the environments of "the crow" movies be as a setting? is there anything similar already? 
Dont forget, most to all kids cartoons and movies has jokes that only adults can pick out 
Exactly. Right now I’m focusing on movies. 
This one was definitely not for my wife &amp; I... We both decided that we don't like Amy Adams movies since we… 
One of my favorite Christmas movies 
I guess I didn't see the options of the poll, I'm just saying that the First Order is lame and dumb… 
After Wonder Woman and Aquaman, it feels like Warner Bros/DC have finally decided to stop making dark… 
This was alright but it's an exact copy of "A Quiet Place", right down to the deaf girl.  Their own movies are shit… 
I wish they’d quit making Star Wars movies because now there’s even more I have to pretend I’m going to watch someday. 
MipTV: Eccho Rights Brings Finnish-Chilean Series ‘Invisible Heroes’ to Market - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Who ever says Top Gun with Tom Cruze isn’t one of the best movies ever I hope you step on a whole bunch of legos tonight 
Those people only exist in the movies. 
Iron man, but Thor is a close second after his last 2 movies 
Seriously watching this show about sinkholes swallowing homes without any warning, is so much scarier than watching actual scary movies  
For someone who once wrote a movies blog, you sure don’t know much about movies. 
Ok I LOVE the recent Star Wars movies 
Why the cars in traffic be so close in movies, commercials, and TV shows. 
Can’t wait for tomorrow’s Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries!  Morning Show Mysteries: A Murder in Mind, Sunday, April 14t… 
Know this, the angel already threw the rock a long time ago that's nearly here. You're down to seconds before it sp… 
I mean, sure, but what happens when you're three or four movies deep and all you have left are crime shows and BBC documentaries? 
African Bargains | African Music, Movies And Accessories 
I discovered all 3 of my favourite Musicians through movies which were Metric and Blood red shoes thro… 
Schlampe braucht Tittenb - visit my account for more hot movies #BoyzTube: Fresh hot Schlampe braucht Tittenb - vis… 
Please don't do this. It's inappropriate and unfair to the movies and the people who worked on them that will be pr… 
Oh no!! :&lt; Well I hope you’re able to make the most of it!! Good movies and food make everything better!! 
Ty said "no one wants to go to the movies" then I said ^^^ to him.  
I HATE MOVIES WHERE DOGS DIE 
Yes, I agree. I've been saying this for years. 90% of American movies with British actors replacing American actors… 
Doesn’t matter what they do, to much poison surrounding the movies. They will hate it. No wo… 
New movies make me happy. 
Too many wolverine movies. All that time and resources could've at least been spent of developing storylines of oth… 
Hitler’s dog &amp; gossip was decentComedy left standup and TV/movies 
This goes too for all the movies, some from major directors, that streaming platforms have bought but refused to pu… 
I don't understand why After is showing in the movies in almost every other NuMetro except for the one in Menlyn? 
Finally, those movies are being used as the punishments they were always meant to be..... 
Just seems a little out of place in my opinion. I haven’t read all of them, of course,… 
#BottledWithLove I love "message in a bottle" movies! I actually sent one (through the mail) to a literary agency,… 
Seen all the Planet of the Apes movies. 
The movies is for watching a movie not talking where no one can hear the movie talk. 
Inever thought of that but then I never had anyone sniff my hair,I thought it was just something from the movies  
The Great Hambino!! Sandlot is one of my fave movies 
I’ve been home all day watching movies 
#Shazam is the bright spot of the DCEU and it will be for a long time. Relentlessly funny, with some of the best ac… 
It’s time! Turn your channel to #Svengoolie #MeTV #TheSonOfDrJekyll #movie #movies #movienight #familytime #BMovie 
#StarWarsRiseOfSkywalker minisode drops this weekend! Go watch that teaser trailer! #starwars #StarWarsCelebaration… 
For a masterclass in shedding crocodile tears, consult some Nollywood movies. Don't thank me. 
#BottledWithLove Please FIX your English subtitles for the deaf in the movie. There are gaps!!!! T… 
The Mule (2018)  #trakt 
I just watched The Mule (2018) #trakt 
Just find a font of shit to distract yourself from it, like videogames or movies or something. 
Really enjoying the #svengoolie line up this year. Several movies I've never seen and a couple I've never hear of. Including this one....... 
Do you agree with her? 
MIX ENTERTAINMENT FIX: Kathleen Kennedy Says She Is Planning the ‘Next Ten Years’ of Star Wars Films… 
STAR WARS: Kathleen Kennedy Says She Is Planning the ‘Next Ten Years’ of Star Wars Films 
I'm a #Deaf Actress. Here's Why #AQuietPlace Means So Much to Me. 
My Dad has me watching Madea’s Family Funeral and it is pure doo doo garbage. One of his worst movies. 
Check out Nine Months DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
Meant with movies  
Black Classic Movies (Part 3) - I Passed For White - 1960This movie covers the identity crisis of being black. Wha… 
Lets go sun coast for sunday movies..i will bring you lunchbox 
This dude got city of god and Disney vibes in the same movie  purple rain, cherry moon, bravoIt's like all the… 
| Dunkirk | Movies Dunkirk opens as hundreds of thousands of British and Allied troops are… 
I’ve been having irregular contractions for 3 days now &amp; it could continue for WEEKS I wish labor was like the movi… 
Got my hair done to go to the movies with my daughter and catch up on game of thrones   Happy Saturday 
Kind of want to go to the movies  
Same here Dana I like sad dark movies too. Usually if I've given a choice of comedy action… 
I’m gonna rewatch the Star Wars movies, and come back with a theory as to what will happen with Episode 9. This sho… 
Yesssss! Excellent movies. 
Marvel has made good movies, thus revenue for more....whereas DC has, well...you know. 
Non sequiter fallacy anyways. Even not watching movies at all won’t make you a millionaire. 
Yes! It’s good, I recommend it. Rudo y Cursi is good too, and Gael Garcia Bernal is in… 
we didn't get hellboy 3 because mike mignola (creator of hellboy) disliked the Deltoro movies and wan… 
I feel you. He's not always my favorite actor, although he's done a couple of amazing movies.  He's pre… 
But will all the Star Wars movies be on Disney+? Figuring out if I need to eventually buy them all. 
He's such a good actor. I loved him in insidious 1&amp;2, and the conjuring movies. 
Because it’s still Marvel, even if it isn’t MCU. And because it was amazing. Other… 
Why do people buy whole meals at the movies like get your popcorn, drink, and GOOOOO 
I got Painfully shy introvert who just wants to stay in and watch old movies! 
Nachos &amp; movies night 
Drag documentary Paris Is Burning returning to theaters | 
"Unbreakable" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
lets find these movies and watch them 
Netflix need to put movies I haven’t watched yet cause I literally saw all of them 
Watch Movies......... 
I just listened to version of Yoda....This is like proving the Caine-Hackman theory from PCU. #movies #music 
76ers lose game 1, Phillies getting straight up blasted by the Marlins, drive here was total hell, my car’s transmi… 
I love Dustin Hoffman movies. Thank you. 
2006 was the last great movie yearno good movies have been made in the last ten years 
Frank Welker did a bunch of voices for the Transformers franchise; Bob Bergen did voices for a bunc… 
Looking forward to seeing these fun movies (April) and (December). #adventure 
I do that more with movies/shows and the gear they use, I’m more interested in end user intent and how… 
These movies are PG usually they can't handle that fire you know that!!! Theaters would burst into f… 
so i need to watch like 20+ marvel movies before the 26th... um yikes where do i begin 
Agreed, Shawshank Redemption is one of the greatest movies ever u won't be disappointed. 
As much as I love games, they do the same exact thing as movies, painting, books, plays, and television. That is to… 
9. Books into Movies never turn out good- neither do Tv shows into movies. 
The Sharknado movies plus a few pints always puts me in a good mood. I hope next week is better for you! 
I have always loved your hair. It beats everyone in all the movies. 
WE’VE ALREADY FORGOTTEN YOU!! Few good movies in the 70s &amp;your done. Kissed any little girls lately ”PERVERT”? 
I feel like Netflix shouldn't put their own movies in the critically aclaimed secton 
I don’t like scary movies but I’m tryna see Pet Sematary ... 
#ThingsWeUsedToDoButDontNowRenting movies from a video store 
The older I get the less willing I am to sneak. I may just wear a beer helmet to the movies tonight cause it's bull… 
what’s the correct order to watch all the marvel movies? 
i finally watched MYSTERIOUS SKIN so I look forward to only watching Pixar movies to try and forget about it.(it’s fantastic though) 
why are there people on tumblr who want to fuck the villains in slasher movies 
No fair! You’re not just some stand-up, not just some tv guy, not just some premium channel tv guy, you’re… 
You just keep those apocalypse movies coming, Netflix. Sometimes it’s not about the Oscar. Sometimes I just want to… 
So you've seen those hacker movies where someone is typing on a black screen and there's some green text? They're m… 
We need to get the knowledge out there to the definitions of Socialist and Communist to our young th… 
CGI made werewolf transformations in movies incredibly lame. 
Pls stop making horror movies that solely rely on jump scares to be scary  
#Hellboy is one of the worst superhero movies I’ve ever seen! Nothing but pure fucking garbage! The characters are… 
Spending the next couple of days doing re-writes, watching some old movies and playing with my kitties! 
Nun movies are always creepy as fuck ...  
I love foley artists.... the click clack sound of high-heeled shoes on polished floors in old movies just.. sends me 
That's okay Robert. I won't forget how far you've fallen that you've been nominated for Oscars &amp; N… 
calm down. we are watching movies 
How y’all enjoying y’all day with streaming I’m about to put headphones in and just watch movies on my iPad as it p… 
#News 'Star Wars' analysis: Old-school returns highlight 'The Rise of Skywalker&amp;a #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
That it IS in fact communication. Had to train a host of “professionals” with one of my kids who stated… 
Elton John Biopic ‘Rocketman’ To Officially Blast Off At The Cannes Film Festival #Movies #TV 
Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese Reminisce With Don Rickles #Movies #TV 
See, with 10 movies, you've got yourself a real film festival going on. 
Episode 3 is still in my top 3 Star Wars movies. 
left me scratching my head and trying to wrap my brain around.I'm a simple girl. I enjoy movies th… 
#Movie "The School in the Woods" (2010) 
#The5thElement is one of the greatest movies of all time 
Get the popcorn ready.  #AskMen 
Im thinking they tried to tell us this in 80’s movies as well. TERMINATOR//JUDGE DREAD, many many others 
Cinenord Producers Bring New Project to Canneseries - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
The original “Wall Street” movie is one of the most gangster movies I’ve ever seen #wallstreet #ny #ny 
Season 6 really was the best season of the show and Bianca is definitely the best winner. From the top 3 we have a… 
#GameofThrones 's houses features many characters, sub-plots and family s, but as it's coming to an end, here are… 
TONIGHT 7-10p | BeerSauce | Beer N Brownies ft. DeschutesJoin us for Deschutes Brewery's Limited Release Twilight… 
Claire Denis' #HighLife is now playing at select #LandmarkTheatres! Buy tickets here now: C… 
Hey! It’s a movie based on a 4 minute song!  I’ve seen worse movies based on entire book series. 
I need some shows or movies to watch on Netflix or Hulu  
Was one of the best movies I’ve seen in a long time, fantastic acting, direction, and screenplay. 
ain’t even gone lie. i can’t wait for dude to come home so we could lay up an watch movies 
Need to go to more movies, Hell boy 2 is a must see also I havnt seen caption marvel yet either 
Film families that family dinner together make more movies together. #chattfilmfest #arrowsofoutrageousfortune Ch… 
My cousin is going to the movies with a bunch of his friend and I asked if I could go and he said “no” on ft and no… 
About to eat this food, get under the covers, and watch movies! Don’t wanna be bothered by humans anymore today. lol 
Have you seen the HellBoy movies with Ron Perlman in it? — Yesss, I love both those movies, really wish Hellboy 3 g… 
It looks like he is a serial killer (sorry i love thriller and suspense movies too) and I ve loved him… 
All 50 Stephen King Movies, Ranked 
I donr watch DeNiro movies any longer.   He’s so wacked out, his wife bailed out, divorced him. 
‘Star Wars’ Movies Are Taking A Hiatus After ‘The Rise of Skywalker’ - LUCASFILMStar Wars has dominated entertai… 
I thought about it and there'd definitely be a Muppet film if it was 8 long. But all 7 of these are movies… 
For you: Matthew 7:21-23You do know, in your Bible — hell is not a cartoonish kerfuffle the… 
I really only read a few of his books, but he has a fantastic pick for eve… 
Hey, I was watching various movies and TV shows. I can confidently say there is one actor who I find to be the most… 
I loved Rogue One and think it’s the best thing Disney has done since obtaining the SW IP I even li… 
Oh, absolutely! Me too. But how many movies and tv shows and so forth are about them? 
I mean yeah you right theres a bunch of movies that fit that shoe. I've just had the opposite happen more for me. 
I love SW and being someone that played every game ever made of SW going back to the NES along with… 
Just your average day as an evil fighting demon. Experience #Hellboy now playing: 
Do people actually like John Wick movies 
We’re not going to forget either and go to one of your  movies. 
It was was just a chilled uneventful day. Watched movies all day. Pre birthday  turning up fucked me up bad 
HorrorMovieime Watching#A_QUIET_PLACENew Horror Movies 2019 - The Best Horror Movies Of All Time… 
Literally what I said watching this exact scene earlier today. I looked at my brother and was like,… 
This is an old tweet you made, Mark Ruffalo. How do you feel today about what happened to Assange? J… 
Movies have an amazing power in changing the way people think.Breaking old ways of looking at life and behaviors. I… 
Monsters of the Movies #8 (1974 Magazine) August 1975  Marvel Comics   Grade VF via 
Poltergeist 3 is one of the greatest movies ever made 
I had a great day volunteering at International Film Festival. It was my first time. It took me bac… 
Watching movies and my room is cold af, mzuzu there’s a cozy couple out there right now telling each other lies and… 
hate a nigga that always wanna go to the movies  like damn nigga let’s do some other shit 
a movies soundtrack can make or break it 
#Disney  To Kick Off With Over Sixty Classics And New #Movies Including ‘Captain Marvel’, ‘Star Wars’, ‘Sleeping Be… 
Weirdly that's almost my exact mental image of Snape before I saw the movies 
I've been so preoccupied with rewatching the Marvel movies before Endgame, gearing up for Game of Thrones tomorrow… 
To see the full epic-sode click and leave a comment, pt 2 is on the way! ...#movies #skits… 
Movies are written by the audience as the actors perform. 
Went to the movies for the first time in 2019 today and my partner and I only spent $0.98 cents on our tickets comb… 
ONE KID WAS LIKE HEY WHERE ARE YOUR PARENTS AND THE KID SAYS “ MY DAD IS AT THE PHARMACY AND MY MOM IS AT THE MOVIE… 
IF U WANT TO STOP GUN VIOLENCE GET IT OUT OF OUR MOVIES FOR GODS / OUR SAKES THEY GLORIFY VIOLENCE! DO THAT = STOP HOLLYWOOD! 
This is one of the greatest news I've heard this week one of my favorite youtubers and one of my favorite shows. th… 
Fifty Shades of Grey has to easily be one of the worst movies ever made. 
A thread: designers and their memorable collaborations in movies 
1. Too much Wolverine at times, let others shine too (Happens in JP with Rexy too)2. First Class &amp; DOFP are the be… 
Top 10 Marvel Movies Ranked Best to Worst Pre-2013! #horror: Here is a fun list of the best Marvel movies that got… 
I'm watching Deadpool 2 (2018) #trakt 
Random fact: I love Bonnie &amp; Clyde movies  
My non-guilty pleasure is drawing characters from tv/movies/games I love...Would Harvey be proud of my late night d… 
Where are all my Star Wars fans at? Would love to see your rankings of the movies. Including prequels and stand alone films! 
Lowkey wanna go to the movies 
Check out Hawaii HD Moods - NEW SEALED Blu-ray #AcademyAwards #Oscars #Movies 
I’ve already seen ppl complaining about Star Wars IX just based on the trailer. Jeez. People take these movies made… 
Daughter #2: “yeah, this is much ‘funner’ than at the movies!” #HarryPotter with the 
See all of EW’s Marvel Cinematic Universe covers through the years via 
We need to create more movies like lawless 
Watched "The Onion Field" last night. Watching "Best Seller" now! Great movies! 
I'd be thrilled to be your momma.  You are a good man, at least by your tweets!  I have no children, s… 
Black Classic Movies - Souls of Sins. A lot of these old films are loaded with stereotypes and racial over tones.… 
My daughters have always liked all of the Marvel movies, but they talked about Captain Marvel for days and want all of the merch. 
Movies , cover and ice cream .... I really need a dog  for company 
I use characters and storylines in books and movies in a somewhat similar way - those aren't approved by p… 
Unfortunately that movies more make believe than truths - which I also believe is the case for their partying myths 
With ‘ParaNorman’, Laika made a perfect beginner's horror movie for kids. Satire, homage, and chilling goosebumps b… 
I was looking to pass around also. TV shows are very anti American, government, and encourage violence… 
I just watched the movie Glass....most excellent.  however I did not realize that there were two other movies linke… 
2 Disney fairytale couples that need to do more movies together because their chemistry was  
ya neither are we I though you always sucked never again will I see his movies not that he cares but hey whatever... 
i cant stomach basic het tv shows and movies now like i need lgbtqia+ friendly shows with proper representations fo… 
I know too much about Burt Reynolds at this point to ever enjoy any of his movies. 
#Movie "Adventures of Bailey: A Night in Cowtown" (2013) 
Ian got not boo to sit in this rain &amp; watch movies w neither ?!?!  BORING . 
Still don’t understand how people can watch movies consistently ; only thing I can do consistently is over think &amp; be on my phone 
My top 5 movies are Forrest Gump, Toy Story, Back to the Future, Thor: Ragnarok and Hot Rod. Is it just me or do al… 
Assisti: Breakthrough (2019) #trakt 
I know everyone likes to say that the Rami Movies did everything better but I think that the way ther… 
Yeah no. Nice try though. Still makes him a shit father. And again, there is… 
Going alone to the movies is the best experience 
It's interesting seeing people who only watch the movies talk about comic book heroes &amp; villians. 
Shazam! was so much fun to watch. Glad the DC movies have finally embraced their silly side and have the time for good character moments 
There was this weird period that Toonami referred to DBZ movies and Dragon Ball GT as "world premieres" in 2003.L… 
No “Anchroman.” No “Newsies.” Crap list. 
Y’all... if I wanna be caught up in time for Endgame, I have to watch AT LEAST nine Marvel movies in the next two weeks... pray for me 
That’s funny, bc we’ve already forgotten you! No matter how good your movies are, I can’t stomach you!! 
What does “End of the Skywalker Saga” mean? No more movies with Skywalker? Does that mean no future movies with Kylo? 
#Confessions Battle LA is one of my favorite movies. However, each time I watch it I am reminded of how terrible Neyo was in this film. 
Have you ever laughed so hard you couldn't breathe?That's how we feel after watching these 3 movies.Tell us your… 
ICYMI: The trailer for ‘Star Wars: Episode IX’ is finally here 
TBH same. Every season of The Simpsons! Every Pixar film! The made for TV Disney movies would just be icing on the cake. 
Cliffhangers.....got to love 'em! 
Chimes Square Movie Nights are back and has all your details. 
Catch Urban Cowboy today at 8:00pm EST on Retroplex HD #UrbanCowboy 
That's why I like to watch movies alone. 
Watching goofy movies on Comet, and doing laundry 
Just paid for a $10 glass of wine at the movies. This is horseshit 
I'm watching Man of Steel (2013) #trakt 
Wish i had a boo, i want go to the movies 
Yeah, the Joe Bob stuff is awesome! Pretty big list of awesome movies he does too. 
Sometimes you find interesting movies, like today on Prime, I saw this one title and the description read, “A man (… 
Ugh! Dana Delaney is giving an extended intro to Love Affair like we have no other #tcmff movies to see after. 
Almost all Netflix movies are 2 hours long.. 
Actually movie stars ARE racist. They don’t want Trump supporters. Remember this if buying movie tickets or movies. 
people get so caught up in the hype of these movies that they miss the message. All of them paint the same bigger p… 
You know if everyone would quit going to there movies they might get the message #mightnot 
Why are grown ass adults always playing high school kids in movies??? 
So here's the thing about me with movies. 1. The characters have to not become suddenly stupid to make the plot mo… 
Kevin Smith Reacts To #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer, Reflects On Set Visit - 
Anyone see Joysticks from 1983? One of the first movies involving video games or an arcade. But this cheesy 80s rel… 
Bc I'm a fan of star wars &amp; I love these movies of the new trilogy. I mean sure the Canto Bight bar sce… 
• Your question indicates that simple logic is beyond your capacity to understand.… 
Dr. Strange did nothing in that movie but get his ass kicked wtf u talkin about bg lol Iron Man easi… 
Who cares any story told within the scope of the movies? Where does this story go? Does he conquer the Empire (no)?… 
If we're going beyond Christian ones like Logic on Fire, Through the Eyes of Spurgeon,… 
All strange gotta do is make a portal between his neck and it’s donehe shoulda defeated Thanos on Tit… 
10 Times Horror Movies Went To Space #horror: Here is a list of 10 times horror movies went into space. Warning, th… 
Fandango List of Most Anticipated Horror Movies of 2017! #horror: Fandango conducted a survey of over 2,000 movie g… 
Love the bridge, the new movies could of taken a lesson for this.. 
it wasn't until AOTC and the romance dialogue popped up that i was like 'yeesh'AOTC is the worst star wars movie e… 
I'd love to go to the movies with myself! 
Even movies like Rogue One and Solo were ultimately still couched in shit we already know about, so there's only so… 
Then we can get the full story!!!!!!!! The teens can have their movies let us young ad… 
The Ewoks movies! 
Just take something he’s drank out of. Don’t you watch the movies? 
The last 2 Star Wars movies. 
my mom has kidnapped me and forces me to watch movies with her this is ruining my twitter career 
Watching movies all alone... My solo weekend is rather boring 
My kinda day Also obsessed with cartoon movies if y’all haven’t caught on yet lol 
Nothing complicated but what are their favorite movies to watch? 
finna go snuggle up in my onesie and watch movies  
Horror movies ruined clowns and Ice cream trucks for me lol 
Looks like you gotta make one when you can 
I like to think that Hell for a toxic fanboy will include an eternity of watching all their favorite movies and TV… 
I will not watch any Rian Johnson movies 
If you avoid all the trailers to the movies you really want to see, I promise the movie is so much better!!! 
What is the #official #chronologicalOrder of all the movies? 
I fuckin hate when movies start at the end then show the beginning. 
Deniro just doesn't get it.  His behavior has literally altered my perceptions of him in every one… 
Ready to feel old? Here are 5 movies that turn 20 this 
My daughter and I watching all the movies, her especially getting excited over Guardians of the Gal… 
Rainy Saturday’s= Grad school homework, FreeForm movies, and ice cream.  
Well he’s already seen the other Marvel movies over the past couple years (except Deadpool, which is… 
No one in the movies:The chips Im eating: 
Well, remember the Del Toro Hellboy films were PG-13 and very much worked for families… 
If you mean “The Great Disney Buyout” I agree!  Pretty soon it seems we’ll be having to subscribe to Disn… 
My zodiac says that I'm gonna find love this month, please all I want is a smart honest bookworm metalhead and pet,… 
Joss Whedon’s Avengers Films Never Understood Captain America 
The Haunted Disc Jockey © #WeekendWanderlust#RecordStoreDay2019… 
Joss Whedon’s Avengers Films Never Understood Captain America Steve Rogers aka. Captain… 
Endgame continues to kill it. 
"Goth offered music what horror had given movies: a chance to lean into the void without quite falling in, to sneak… 
To Write and Direct Movies and Be on the cast just for control.. Inspired by 
I really just wanna bundle up in fuzzy blankets and watch some movies 
Also you can watch the movies that pretty much condense all the magnificence of the first season. 
Hey DiNiro. Don’t make any more movies cuz no one will watch them. What rubbish! 
Watched the Amazing Spiderman movies and now my heart hurts, why I do this to myself??? 
Literally just had this earlier at the movies. Lol no one likes sharing popcorn with me because i love salt. 
At least I now know why you’ve never been a thinker in your movies. 
Such a good movie. Looking forward to joining and to talk about Saulnier movies on… 
When the MCU is rebooted maybe, the impli… 
truth be known I often watch pointless movies just to get away from #TheRealWorld.... But #ThePerfectDate… 
"You make it so easy don't you. Always waiting for some Batman to save you. I am Catwoman. hear me roar!"Photo by… 
Movies &amp; Side Hustle Time  
But I like that I typed that and was just like eh never mind too controversial and wandered off. But really. How di… 
Millersville movies or nah 
True. Plus we gotta also put that Vader reference too. Been having a reference of him for the last t… 
Lucasfilm putting the ‘Star Wars’ movies ‘on hiatus’ after this year via 
Lol watching trailers over and over is hilarious to me. I can see movies bc… 
The two side story movies I like a lot though 
There's plenty of good video game movies, people just only watch the bad ones. 
I don't think people remember how lightsabers were sparingly used in the original trilogy.You had two big fights… 
Thank you, for showing #theGoonies in the theater! Still is one of the best adventure movies ever made. 
Watch Titan A.E and All Dogs Go To Heaven. They were movies that are loved by audiences and were hated by critics. 
Canneseries/MipTV: Writers Pitch Series at Rapt In Development Forum - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
So wait a sec, from a business perspective, we know that Disney got Fox cause it's shows a… 
been in on solo movies for years it’s the best 
All "Stomp the yard" movies were crap. The acting, storyline, ales. Imagine grown ass niggas beefing over dancing smh 
Kirk Douglas, 102, Still Enjoys Camping Out in a Tent | #Spartacus  
I'm so glad. I feel bad nobody is seeing it even if I didn't like it. I guess I still want them to make movies and trying 
EDGE OF SEVENTEEN IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES EVER 
Instead just rewatch the Del Toro movies and be amazed at Ron Perlman/Doug Jones/John Hurt like wow those movies ar… 
You know that's exactly how I feel! I really like him in movies but since he has… 
#AvengersEndgame Beats All-Time Pre-Sales Record On Atom Tickets - 
Pro tip: don’t share popcorn with at the movies 
Movie season is starting to pick up! Which spring and summer flicks are you most excited to see?… 
My short movies from back in tha day  
Who cares what the calendar says? According to the movie theaters, it’s summer blockbuster season!… 
“Let’s all go to the lobby!” Don’t forget your popcorn and snacks while you enjoy this summer’s hottest movie relea… 
There’s nothing quite like seeing a big, thrilling movie in the theaters. Which ones are on your must-see list this… 
We can’t wait for all the big blockbusters coming soon to theaters. Your most anticipated upcoming summer movie, GO… 
Still struggling to get tickets to the big event movie of the season? See the full lineup of action-packed blockbus… 
It’s another big year for blockbuster movies. Which summer flicks will you be buying tix for?… 
When the lights go down and the trailers begin, seeing a movie in theaters can be magic. Which big blockbusters are… 
Pop the popcorn and prepare your favorite sugary snacks -- it’s summer blockbuster season! Which flicks are on your… 
With the rise of streaming services, it seems like there’s a hot new show releasing every day! Catch the big upcomi… 
What TV shows are in your queue? We can’t wait to dive into this year’s newest small screen releases. Bring on the… 
I'd love to see movies and stories that explore forward and backwards in time. 
You can bet we are not going to forget any of these loud mouths. We control their livelihood by not going to their movies. 
At the movies, in my newly acquired shorts from .In walks a man in a Purdue shirt, sitting… 
"Contact" is and will always be one of ny all-time favorite movies/books. 
Oh btw we went to see the new last Thursday (Matt is a longtime fan of the comics and Del Toro movies… 
Who in the world is the trailer for if not for a fan of the series? You think someone is unawa… 
You lied. Horror movies are disgusting And without jump scars and “nobody survives this story” endi… 
#Movie "Shooting War" (2000) 
Im canceling all my plans today to watch on I was gonna go to the movies 
Star Wars: Episode IX aka The Rise of Skywalker trailer drops 
i’m at the movies with my cousin &amp; her cheap ass don’t wanna buy nothing to drink so she gone ask me “ is there a water fountain “  
#PeopleHappen to get sentimental over foolish movies 
Monk marathon on Hallmark Movies and Mysteries today. 
Just missed bro adento guruji manatho theeyalsina movies pakkollatho theesthadu AD n ASVR even AGV also… 
I ended up buying a lot of movies. Including Ernest scared stupid  
My find of the day: Jurassic Park Blu-ray multipack (all 5 movies), WITH digital download codes, for $2… 
Oh Bobby Bobby Bobby! You only play a bad guy in the movies. You should be careful when you threaten people. It’s n… 
Movie’s is make believe not reality, it’s got not nothing to do with real… 
Apple TV+ original shows, series, and movies: Oprah and Prince Harry take on mental health 
There is a YouTube account called “Movies in Minutes” that does comprehensive four-minute movie recaps. I legitimat… 
Thank you!!!! Love some science... cuz apparently he is mistaking dogs with his feeli… 
#SignsThatItsATrapWhen the bra matches the panties...everybody knows that's only in the movies. 
Same! We should all see more movies on the big screen with + the best popcorn in town. 
suggest me some good hollywood movies. 
Seeing double: These actors have twins you probably didn’t even know about 
The wind is WILD today and I'm watching scary movies, maybe I made a good choice? Mayhaps not? 
New war movies 2016  Best action movies english hollywood 2016  Sci-fi movies Full HD 1080p EP02 
Well, there's a real Flinstones House and government wants to destroy it. The fight to save the house is one the li… 
Joe, do you like movies about Gladiators? 
please bring this to attention of everyone that are showing ad… 
This gif cracked me up  You have a great weekend. Do… 
Wait what movie is this I did an action quest I am uncommonly well versed in (pre-2010) Dolph Lundgren movies 
All had to do with those 3D ticket sales dude. Was at the peak of 3D movies. Not a bad movie by any… 
I was trying to explain to why I like horror movies one time and I suppo… 
Charlie Chaplin silent films! Love them!Also Jimmy Stewart, Katherine Hepburn or Cary Grant.But… 
I hear ya! You and I both have the same views on movies so mostly likely my… 
The new movies aren't even good. 
HorrorMovieime Watching#?New Horror Movies 2019 Full Thriller Film English via 
In terms of television, which feels far richer to me than most movies being released, two shows have been getting d… 
Saturday afternoon.....3:30pm and I just at 'breakfast'. Stayed up til 4:30am watching movies and crocheting. Now… 
Bitch Jake Choi it’s on sight because I hate CHARLIE djjdjfjdjx the way imma cuss him out at the movies LORDT 
When in search of inspiration...raid the #vhs shelf...#synthwave #retrowave #dreamwave #dream #neverendingstory… 
 Stream movies &amp; tv with no buffering  Improve Quality of Skype/Facetime Videoconferencing  Lag Free Gaming … 
here is my take on this--these same banks make lots of money on movies that promote guns,  but then say they won't… 
When Caroline is out of town, I get to catch up on movies she isn't into. Watched 'First Reformed' the other day, a… 
I absolutely hate the new #Hellboy  movie. Hellboy ain’t hellboy. You can’t do any hellboy movies without Ron… 
I low-key wanna rewatch all the high school musical movies with someone's daughter  
You will never see those movies the same again  
me: :(noah centineo acting in adolescent movies:   * * ⋆  . · ⋆  .  ˚ ˚    ⋆   ·  … 
Do moms know best? Find out when you reserve your seats for - now playing: 
Watched 'Every Day' this evening and it was sweet and sad but also happy? Certainly way less sad than some of these… 
Catching up on some movies: Captain Marvel got a 70/100. Solid into movie for a new hero. Fun movie rewatchable. 
Besides the movies, what Star Wars stories do you think are really cool or something everyone should check out if t… 
Yeah for Smurfs!  While they have had two (?) big theatrical movies, yes, in the US at least, th… 
What type of movies you like? 
I'm spending my day eating Indian food, watching mystery movies and plotting a D&amp;D campaign. I can't help it if I'm so beautiful! 
Man...Clone Wars is off Netflix now. I knew it was coming, but hoped they'd push closer to D+ release.… 
Ain’t nun like those rainy days when you just stay in chill &amp; watch movies all day 
The dead side makes all the robots, or "skins" for actors. Gerard has many clon… 
Thankful super hero movies have hot lead actors  
I guess I biased things with animation, but this is the first someone has mentioned Abbot… 
Force awakens did have the benefit of 1) coming after a long Star wars drought, 2) following some we… 
Please ,you lived for life in the movies playing a tough guy , come get some punk! 
At least Felicity show some humbleness. Lori has a stupid smirk on her face that you wanted to slap… 
Anyone bothered by the fact that Tony is never seen rocking to an AC/DC song ever since the Favreau movies? 
Anyone as creeped out as I am that does voice work in children’s movies? #RalphBreaksTheInternetParty 
Yeah you're right a purposefully wrote a hug scene in both movies so… 
I'm watching On the Basis of Sex (2018) #trakt 
I agree but I see the other two franchise the same way amazing movies. I felt they were lackluster ga… 
I can’t wait until people start hating it for little to no reason. Or is that just the movies? 
Kylo Ren's New Mask For Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Revealed - 
Josh Brolin Sends Threatening Reminder To Avengers: Endgame Cast 
He was the creator of some Marvel characters, and exec producer of the movies. He's kind of the reason we have the… 
Deal Alert: Star Wars Movies and Books on Sale 
 one of my fav movies ! 
And this false belief has been pushed for generations. Have you ever noticed that there’s never movies… 
to each their own man I just don't like em and it's fine if they were movies I wouldn't have issues w… 
That cat is a mood. Watch the home alone movies to get inspired with Kevin on how to defend yourself from robbers. 
We re not watching ur shiz movies 
like yeah they're having sex but even those scenes got cut down and anna said that the closet they could get to say… 
I mean, it couldn't be that Rise of Skywalker and BvS are written by t… 
Binge watch Horror Movies and berate The Trumps with the fervor of a Rabid Wolf. 
2) watch the movies Glory or Gettysburg.  These heroic battles always feature the captain or gener… 
Heard there are some great movies from same source. That really celebrate male physicality. (They often eat cashews shirtless) 
Canneseries: See the First Trailer for Argentine Short Form Player ‘Noche de Amor’ (EXCLUSIVE) -… 
Sounds smart! Bet he'd be fun to watch movies with 
The terminator movies don't seem so far fetched anymore. 
We will never forget you supported Hillary. Won’t be going to any of you assholes movies either. 
I % agree with your statement above.  That’s why we rarely go to professional sporti… 
Best Feel-Good Movies (Top 5 Friday) 
If you sit in somebody else's assigned seat in the movie theater, you are an asshole. #Movies #TV 
Yeah... Someone said that to me already too.  These people are missing the subtext.  Kylo is runni… 
Watching kung fu movies to some nasty dubstep is LIT AF 
I'm thinking of unfollowing someone solely because he said The Last Jedi was a mistake.It's the best Star Wars mo… 
The Fifth Element is one of my all time favorite movies 
yooooo love my girl in those Twilight movies too. 
the masks having mouths in the movies was very weird 
Text fonts could be classified as a creative work, and can therefore be copyrighted. It's "art" that… 
Movies,pop corn, with prince bae n King bAE...under the blankets..I couldn't be more happier bafethu I'm complete  
 We aren’t always about movies at REEL HOOLIGANS. Today is Record Store Day. We always celebrate at Vinyl Renaissa… 
How do you feel about rewatching movies? 
I'm so sick of all the #movies based on how #life without a romantic partner isn't worth living. As if we can only… 
 The movies are so racist...it’s like horror movies for SJWs...love ‘em. 
What’s some good movies to watch on Netflix  
Enjoy live performances, movies, and more at the Wheeler Opera House during your stay in Aspen. 
I am staying up late i thought i could continue watching anime or the set of movies i was watching before my exams… 
I am a fan of Laila movies and I hadn’t heard about this one 
Channel 4 Buys Comedy Central’s ‘The Other Two’ as Viacom Seals International Sales Deals (EXCLUSIVE) -… 
Please stop Star Wars and make a new movie maybe? Perhaps that would turn people away from netflix and watch movies again lmao 
Come discuss Avengers: Infinity War with me and over on Ryan's channel! Get hyped with us as we talk… 
today is the perfect day to lay in bed &amp; watch movies but NOPE , i’m at work  
I don’t usually tweet about movies but. . .Guava Island. . .art, celebrating life, unique and encapsulating 
Watching #TheFifthElement. It is one of the most flawless movies ever. 
Top 9 Scary Movies that Take Place in One Location #horror: Here is a list of scary horror movies that take place i… 
ETC: Never specified it was a drama.  I really enjoyed the Sweeney eps… 
WB Not Happy That J.K. Rowling Defended Johnny Depp For Fantastic Beasts 2 - 
But the question is: will #disneyplus have original movies like Motocrossed and shows like Lizzie McGuire? If not, GTFO. 
there are so many movies i would replay over and over as a kid, that even now, i know every line, song, and visual… 
Sangeeta Krish who is famous for her dialogue from Khadgham -' Oka Chance Okeoka Chance' and she acted in many movi… 
Are we sure it’s Lando?  Mark Hammil has been in a couple of the sequel movies, bu… 
I can't remember the last time I saw a crowd gathered outside an appliance store, watching the TV sets in the displ… 
So I hurt my back Thursday morning and spent the last couple days in bed, my best friend's mom has been in the hosp… 
Yeah, the first Mortal Kombat movie is a glorious exception to the "video game movie curse."It's a groovy fun rid… 
and then Yahoo, Guardian and several movie producers made articles and movies about them, interviewin… 
Didn't know the Basque were so much into The Karate Kid movies #ehitzulia 
I mean,,,, that final bit w projection like was pretty lit, but other than that I feel. I cared more abo… 
Shawshank and Caddyshack are "must see" movies.  The others are good too. 
every native american in movies before the 80s is an italian guy 
Ethan Hawke’s favorite lesson from the movies: ‘Danger is sexy’ 
Ethan Hawke’s favorite lesson from the movies: ‘Danger is sexy’ Ethan Hawke and Noomi Ra… 
Movies are too long 
Because snyder stans do this with a loooot of movues and act as if t… 
Official IT behind-the-scenes companion book hits in September 
You know your teams, you know your missions.” #AvengersEndgame opens April 26. Get tickets now:… 
Ethan Hawke’s favorite lesson from the movies: ‘Danger is Hawke and Noomi Rapa… 
you didn’t know that people who watch movies are incapable of being wealthy? 
Movies..Brunch..Research..Work.. and then the weekend is over 
Helloooo?#2Amazon delisting books, removing moviesFB rem… 
Go to the Movies with MICAH to see Best of Enemies Date: Sunday, April 14thTime: 4:05pm (show starts)Malco Paradiso, 584 South Mendenhall 
Ethan Hawke’s favorite lesson from the movies: ‘Danger is sexy’ “Let’s face it — if the history of cinema teaches u… 
I can't remember the last time I went to the movies... 
Ethan Hawke’s favorite lesson from the movies: ‘Danger is                        Et… 
Guess you and need to join Netflix or continue downloading. I have no time though . I hardly watch movies. 
Movies go better with popcorn! Stop by the Club Room and get a Complementary bag of Popcorn on us while supplies la… 
throughout my time at home, doing homework, reading, watching movies, playing games, etc. i just tak… 
By the year 2025, we could all be millionaires if we had saved the money we will have spent on tickets to see star wars movies 
Watching old movies! 
Am I REALLY all of a sudden forgeting why I stepped into a room or did I witness some kind of alien and was forced… 
Hopefully Hollywood and Taraji will finally stop making these garbage movies. 
Pop Culture, movies, games, fighters,  and A Conversation with  #MMA, #popculture,… 
Then she be like give me the remote  i want to  watch African movies  while im ironing  
Music is the only form of entertainment that i can take in. Can’t watch movies unless I’m with someone else 
What I am talking about is Bedknobs and broomstick the Knome mobile Disney night at the movies like when I was a ki… 
Kisses from Brazil!Why do you record porn movies with girls? Are you lesbian? 
Why put a spoiler if we have no idea if its going to happen in the movies 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Dogman’ Review: Revenge, Served Italian and Off the Leash 
Well I don't want to offend anyone and I'm not trying to be mean but to mean Salman Khan is the worst… 
I watched it first &amp; I didn’t think it was a horror movie. The only gore I can recall is a man’s ar… 
Guess what the snacks and movies have on common....... neither one are covered by movie pass 
One day I wanna talk about how gay Black or Brown men in movies/tv only end up with white guys unless a Black or Brown person made it 
Top 10 Most Terrifying Female Characters in Horror Movies #horror: Terrifying female characters in horror movies ca… 
Love challenge day 13: Movies - In honor of #SISFA2019 Ive decided to show my love for film in today’s love challe… 
Sci fi movies &lt; 
Thanks, it sounds interesting. If you haven't, I recommend the manga o… 
"Finding Nemo" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Creep and Creep 2 are two underrated horror movies. They are some of the best and most original found footage movie… 
Yes most of the movies are visual effects driven. George Lucas was not a master of dialogue. The modern… 
What are you doing today? Masters, NHL playoffs, Baseball games, Movies, Parks, Or...? Well, at Enterprise we are h… 
When your girl fail to bring her big purse when y’all going to the movies..... it’s like bro you had one job! 
"Everybody's gotten past Bobby's death. There's no reason to open up wounds that healed long ago." This is James Tr… 
My friends are such girls. I want horror movies and action, they want chick flicks all the fuckin time  
Kiernan Shipka Is Our Instagram Queen Of The Week: ‘Sabrina’ Promos, Videos With Ross Lynch &amp; More 
Need new movies. Recommendations? 
Thinking about all the major film studio releases this year and I know it's only April &amp; so far 2019 has been a let… 
I think thats probably a big diff between people and these new movies, Disney tryin to get new fans but… 
No judgment. It was actually a very well put together movie. As we all know movies can’t follow life to… 
Kiernan Shipka Is Our Instagram Queen Of The Week: ‘Sabrina’ Promos, Videos With Ross Lynch &amp; More… 
I’m so glad I’m not into Game of Thrones or Star Wars or comic book movies. It allows me to avoid peopl… 
Disney Plus streaming service: Release date, price, shows and movies to expect via 
And we wont forget not to go to his movies!!!!!!!! 
 Some video directors try way too hard with the interlude of their adult movies. #Gag #Smile #Fresh #Hot #Humor… 
I've enjoyed the star wars movies and to me that is all that matters. 
One of my very favorite movies. 
It is an adaptation, if you didn't like is not going to the movies and he/she will attend animation 
On that comment you keep making. Step back for a moment and consider with as many 2019… 
Go to search YouTube for"YouTube Movies" the go to their free to watch section and watch meatball… 
This game trailer is 100x better than the trailer for Rise of Skywalker. Disney ruined the movies 
The 25 Best Movies On Amazon Prime Right Now 
I remember a TV film critic back in the day saying Wolfgang Petersen wouldn't win best director for Da… 
The 25 Best Movies On Amazon Prime Right Now In the world of streaming subscription serv… 
J.J. Abrams Reveals How George Lucas Helped With Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
Can’t even go to the movies in peace. I’m about to slap this lady next to me 
Thor -Again, didn’t like this movie much but it grows on me every time I watch it. It’s a rather unique origin sto… 
Help request #writingcommunityI'm #hardofhearing To convince theaters to include more open captioned movies we nee… 
Tony Vows To Finish The Fight In New #AvengersEndgame Promo - 
Ummm guys?We were morons when we liked the first movie.We were morons when we liked the prequels.Don't start… 
This does not mean that I don't enjoy humor in my movies as long as it's well done like with Shazam.… 
Since I had the pleasure to go to the movies with the Brooklyn Nets, I am rooting for the Nets to win the series. 
Well, that's my problem when it comes to humor in movies. The MCU humor is always so out of place an… 
I'm off the movies to see my baby girl on the BIG screen!! Can't wait, I'm so excited!   
Structured around 3 generations of Iranian actresses, Jafar Panahi's 3 FACES "weaves elements of fiction and nonfic… 
Oh my...you got your movies wrong.  This choices are from Snow White.....not The Little Mermaid  
The mcu movies are just a bunch of cash grabs now and thanks to the mcu dc… 
"MELTING POT" N°5 - July 9, 19833 - Steely Dan "Everyone's Gone To The Movies" 
The ‘Avengers: Endgame’ Cast Re-Tells ‘Infinity War’ as a Christmas Story (Video) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I’m always scared of trailers revealing something or making me hate something due to mental illness. I’… 
i don’t watch THE OFFICE nor game of THRONES and i hate MARVEL MOVIES i am INTERESTING and better than YOU 
I don't usually get emotional in movies but #beautifulboy really hit home. #relateable 
Watched movies all day. 
#AvengersEndgame Breaks China Pre-Sales Record - 
Found it to be more focused and original. Main story movies are all over the place. 
North by Northwest voila! Truly a great movie.I have all of Grant's mov… 
 ANY DARK COMEDY MOVIES (Common Wealth 2000) #Gag #Smile #Fresh #Hot #Humor 
this man is pestering me for a date. he seriously calls me &amp; will say he wants to come watch movies indoors on that… 
Misery (1990) is an absolute must-watch #Movies #TV 
Hollywood Writers Plan to Fire Agents After Talks Break Off #Movies #TV 
Robert Downey Jr's 'Doctor Dolittle' Reboot Getting Major Reshoots, Budget Currently at $175M #Movies #TV 
Because there's embargoes for characters that can't be used if they're getting movies. 
So much entertainment this year. Movies, games, tv shows... 
I love action movies even though Di buwa maka 
Dude it’s easily in my top 5 favorite movies 
Don't you have a storage device with movies ? 
About damn time, we needed the baddest motherfucker in the galaxy 2 movies ago. Sadly even the great… 
I literally have nothing to do today and I’ve been just chilling in my bed, watching movies, and doing these last f… 
Captain America: The First Avenger -Fantastic movie, one of the better origin story movies of the franchise. I ori… 
I'm watching The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug (2013) #trakt 
So I started the MCU marathon to countdown #AvengersEndGame, and my opinions on certain movies have definitely changed. Read the thread: 
The Back-Up Plan ....aw probably top 2 of JLo’s movies for me.  
KC Film Fans: Looking for an action-packed, adrenaline-fueled evening at the movies? Do you like kicking back, drin… 
Hmm, I need to go back and watch the earlier Batman movies again. I honestly haven't seen Gotham, I… 
My momma and my 2 year old sister was arguing in the movies  and my mom told her "Sit yo ass down and watch the da… 
Watching ‘ Honey, I blew up the kid’ on a cold rainy day. Sorry millennials, the movies were just better in the 80s and 90s. 
True! One of my favorite movies. But I guess I’m referring to major historical figures, and I don’t… 
Hellboy Movies, Ranked Worst To Best 
Hellboy Movies, Ranked Worst To Best With the release of the latest version of Hellboy t… 
None of the gross stuff bothers me much which is weird because I hate violence in other movies and TV shows. 
Here's a thought.Just a thought.Maybe people have...different opinions...about movies. And that's like......oka… 
You know what today’s weather calls for  them bomb ass cuddles and movies 
 i need new movies, just not action movies 
This conversation is nonsense. Interstellar is a beautiful movie. I will not take this s… 
Need a good movie, TV or book recommendation for the weekend? Here's what the writers and editors of Windows Centra… 
ICYMI Bellyitch These are The Most Popular Halloween Movies 
12 Films Directed By Female Filmmakers You Can’t Miss This Summer Season - Read more via #MakeItICONIC 
What's your top movie of the month on Netflix? 
You guys better redeem yourselves. I am the biggest Star Wars fan here but I strongly disliked The Last J… 
how many teen love movies featuring Noah Centineo is netflix going to make 
Have we learned NOTHING from all the movies about evil scientist super villains? 
Ah yes Clint Eastwood all the younguns love his movies 
It’s a bring the comforter into the living room and watch movies kinda day 
I just want all 22 Marvel Movies #MCUMarathon 
I've just realized that I'm gng to have to step it up if I plan on getting through the rest of the 13 movies before… 
You nerds gonna see 
One actor has made it rich, portraying Pablo Escobar in movies. I've watched 5 or 6 and the same guy plays him in 4 of them! 
  I love your political comments.  Go Trump.   I also love your movies.   Are you working on anythi… 
Captain Marvel was a fun time at the movies. It reminded of a movie I really would have liked when I was 14. Anythi… 
People should watch *old* movies!I also love Chaplin! I have all of hi… 
I’m extremely up my own ass re: movies. Lol 
My experience since 9112001I can't share show you my resume.Eyes only. Advertising * think super bowl ads, Holly… 
He’s a good director, idk what people are expecting from him.  Super 8 is still phenomenal and so are… 
Sure they were great, but they aren't for everyone.I happen to like the star wars movies and I've… 
A Little Song - for little independent 
I think THE DEVILS (1971) is one of my favorite movies now. 
I am rich, very rich. I fact, I have so much money that I don’t need to sell scams online to rent cars.I… 
New movies have arrived at Searcy Cinema 8. Take a break this weekend for some screen time! 
y’all i’m going to the movies with A GUY TONIGHT PRAY FOR MEEEEEE 
Ah. So we’re talking about the MK movies? 
At the movies with and waiting for TARZAN AND HIS MATE. #TCMFF 
The idea that video game movies are never good 
It is unfair to hate on Star Wars for being created by Progressive Woman. I hate it because the mov… 
COME HERE!!! ILL HUG YOU AND THEN WE CAN EAT A TONE OF JUNK FOOD AND WATCH MOVIES!!!! 
I thought a month was the standard. Idk I live in the US and movies here are out for 6 weeks or more. 
Peter Jackson's "King Kong" was well-received at the time it came out yet it has faded within the public's conscien… 
Both Star Wars and the MCU are reaching their climaxes this year. Maybe in 2020 we as a society can go back to ta… 
Marvel should hand over the EU comics to me. I could Fistful of Arrows the new movies an… 
somebody come over and watch movies 
I always like cartoons movies more when I've seen them once and already know who the voices are 
This is a delayed response I wanted to make to someone on here like a week ago but never did because it just made m… 
Consider the fact that you, yourself have been programmed in this manner through #FalseFlag events, TV, movies and… 
I have NEVER related to a character more than Kit in the first fifteen minutes of #UnicornStore and I… 
Or what bro'? The only reason he has an income is because of people going to see his movies. You a… 
Love love these little Netflix movies that never make it to Cinema 
Oh! I think my daughter is interested in some aspect of film production, being involved in making m… 
when everything feels like the moviesyeah you bleed just to know you're alive 
Pack up the family and head to the movies! #ad #MissingLink is in theaters everywhere! Enter to win a fun movie-the… 
Gonna watch movies all night. 
People who think the Godzilla movies aren't more than rubber suits, bad dubs and silly fun are so wrong that it's insensitive. 
We don't doubt it! 
Revan, please god make KotOR movies. 
Artist and Filmmaker David Lynch on Why ‘Painting Will Never Die’—But Why Movies About Painters Are Boring | artnet… 
What the Movies Taught Me About Being a Woman  
Carissa is out of town this weekend, so naturally the boys and I are filling our rainy Saturday with Disney movies,… 
#AvengersEndgame Actor Says The Film Is Something Else Entirely - 
Makers of Homeland,… 
Watching movies with my son is boring, everything is scary to him  o ta be a re change am scared  
Oz looked short next to Willow in Buffy the whole time. It was cute. Daniel looked equal… 
I am fascinated by what The Rise of Starwalker will be like in contrast to the previous two films in the trilogy.… 
We’re at (3030 E. Platte) until 2pm for Record Store Day 2019! Come out to get special releases and to… 
Why does laying up and watching movies make you horny  
In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would 
Yup. Arrow and Gotham as well.Agreed. The other thing is that it makes me feel old even though I k… 
I used to enjoy your movies now I refuse to watch anything you’re involved in! 
Top 3 favorite movies of all timeBack to the FutureFellowship of the RingShaun of the Dead Put yours! 
The music and movies that influences culture away from the Lord’s principals is destroy… 
Rick and Morty Movies Wallpaper HD 
Lucasfilm Says It Was Always The Plan To Bring Back Palpatine In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker -… 
Rogue One &gt; all other Star Wars movies 
Reddit makes me realize how much I love movies. I enjoy the medium, the visual perspective, and the stories they're… 
Trailers are awesome for the majority of movies. But the mega blockbusters that are going to make 500 mil… 
Please recommend your favorite movies,  I'm bored af. Might as well watch them. 
One of my most favorite movies. 
Binge watching Terminator movies this weekend. 
Seriously, if you care at all about movies or film criticism and you’ve never paid attention to Joe Bob Briggs you done fucked up 
if anybody tryna come watch these movies i found on netflix lemme knoooow  cause i can’t watch movies alone i get distracted  
A guide to the shops of #StarWars #GalaxysEdge - Dok-Ondar's antiques, Savi's lightsabers, and Mobu's droid depot -… 
Continuing with the #EndgameMarathon. Today is one of the three movies tied for first place in my MCU favorites. (T… 
We doin top 5 movies?  *hold my mountain dew* 
Rate my choice in movies. #BusGang 
We just made the same kind of list so we know what order to watch the movies and sea… 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise Of Skywalker | Teaser Trailer | MTV Movies via 
Wish i could find her and sit her down and take her out to watch movies and give her a tour of a univers… 
Or, "Man, I remember going to the movies to see the first one and I fucking LOVED it, And then I'm sitting there wi… 
Metal Gear Movie Director Says Detective Pikachu Breaks Video Game Movie Curse 
All I wanna do today is sit and watch movies cuddled up with someone eating popcorn and m’n’ms 
IV, V, VI are the only star wars movies. I, II, III are horrible except for Darth Maul.Everything else… 
Am I the only one rewatching Marvel Movies instead of GOT?  
I love these classic movies. 
I'm staying home, far away from other humans, still in my jammies and watching scary movies. #SelfCareSaturday 
made my boycott list years ago on quality standards alone. #flameon *portfolio of 0 decent movies..… 
The new #GalaxysEdge theme park will feature many things. 
My 10 year daughter says the laugh is Palpatine. She knows way more about the Star Wars movies and t… 
Rich chef people's lives!At 12 I was just happy with movies and pizza. 
Vampires Kiss is a masterpiece. I've gotten into serious arguments about this. It's the "Lick My Deca… 
It reminds me of villains in movies, who believe themselves to be invincible, monologuing...just be… 
Blue milk (rice milk) and more... a restaurant guide for #StarWars #GalaxysEdge at #DisneyWorld &amp; #Disneyland 
Tonight 7-10p | BeerSauce | Beer N Brownies ft. DeschutesJoin us for Deschutes Brewery's Limited Release Twilight… 
I enjoyed it. I like movies based on true stories. 
Completely agree, except I think movie trailers excite me more than actually movies lol 
I've never  seen the last Jedi but it dose get old that we can't enjoy  things that have a female  or n… 
I see Zack Snyders DCEU movies and the new SW trailer. Maybe I misread the original tweet and you ju… 
Childish Gambino &amp; Rihanna's 'Guava Island' Film Is Free To Stream For The Next 18 Hours #Movies #TV 
'Star Wars' analysis: Old-school returns highlight 'The Rise of Skywalker' trailer 
I have learned in my years of fandom of movies and games is that freaking out about what people are doing to a stor… 
Rainy Saturday’s are supposed to be spent in bed watching movies  
AVGN did a video comparing all the Dracula movies it was interesting, and yeah Coppola’s version cam… 
Check out About Schmidt DVD #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars 
DSTV increases but still advertising movies that were shown long time ago in cinemas.  
Yeah it was not great. Reviews were dead on. Humor was horrible, no one in the theatre laughed. It was g… 
Saw Shazam! last night. Easily the best of the newer DC movies. (I still need to see Aquaman.) But the more fun and… 
I wish these entertainers would shut the heck up! They’re ruining our ability to enjoy movies! No… 
it's weird how this movie is just wall to wall sexual harassment, though. I get why boy movies don't take that stuf… 
If we’re playing confessional, I’ve never watched the movies Dead Poets Society, Good Will Hunting,… 
Watch movies cuddles and eat junk food?! 
Can someone send me music, movies, ect to get of a heartbreak? Please 
The dark... the light... and a mix of both. It fits the theme of these movies. The pre… 
WEYES BLOOD — MOVIES (Official Video - in 4k) via 
but not in the next 2 years lookin at t… 
I hate that they left him out of the movies, he's my favorite part of the books. 
I hate that type A accomplishment obsession infiltrates our leisure time. Sometimes I want to re-read a thing, but… 
Who can I take to the Movies ? 
Thank you, Angela! It was great getting to see all the movies who made us the writers that we are. And your list is… 
I just don’t understand hate, Star Wars movies are fun. If you take a space movie too seriously.. well, good luck! 
Guys please recommend movie sites with 720HD or 1080HD quality movies. I want to watch something new tonight. 
If anyone needs to laugh, watch Death at a Funeral. It's on Netflix now. It's laugh out loud funny. It's one of the… 
Yeah the books, games, comics, shows go more in deep into the lore. The movies could do more of that. 
Who tryna to go to the movies tonight 
With the release of Missing Link this weekend, here is my ranking for ALL 5 of the Laika Studios releases to date!… 
*should definetly.Peolpe need to learn how to do great faithful adaptations and keeping an autho… 
There are a lot of great journalism movies. Here are our top 25. 
Had a great time at the MAA Wisconsin Section Meeting getting to know people better, talking about math careers, an… 
Sunny deol's dance movies. Wtf did I just watch? 
All of the movies i have watched ....have them  
There are so many books. Albums. Podcasts. Shows. Movies. I want to consume in my lifetime. It’s overwhelming, but… 
Movies or series? 
Avengers Endgame, Godzilla: King of Monsters &amp; then Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker  Unless they come out with Ba… 
All the women in Batman movies have been gorgeous. (Not Katie Holmes though.) Lol her chara… 
Royals, Late Night, Over/Unders, and Movies oh my! - Sports Saturday Hour 2 
we don’t forget everytime one of his movies is on.. so we don’t watch it  
One of the best movies in the mcu 
I would also point you to images like these from the Ewoks 1980s made-for-tv movies that show land… 
HD Projector, GBTIGER 4000 Lumens LED Video Projector Link to Buy- 
DON'T MISS TODAYS EPISODE OF 'THROUGH THE DOORWAY' WHERE AND I TALK ABOUT POSSESSIONS IN MOVIES AND… 
 Love his dry wit even in tweets. Much as I liked him on TNG, thought he really came across on big screen in 1st C… 
Amazon Prime actually has a lot of great movies and I never thought about it before 
The best of all MCU movies 
I love Jesus, my daughters, Cards sports, horro movies, the rocky franchise, true crime nov… 
You're truly right when you say we usually see such in movies. Tjoe! Drama &amp; drama! Spicy mom - in - law! 
Pretty sure he wont forget when attendance for his movies plummet and he suddenly finds himself do… 
perfect day to be laid up watching movies.. sucks I won’t be 
I mean i was worried the moment they announced JJ Abrams was back at the helm and th… 
Miss laying next to you watching movies on rainy days 
So I could never have a gent to watch movies with, cuddle and enter rounds with tonight? 
Missing at 17 is one of my favorite lifetime movies. 
Side note, Kat Dennings character in the first two Thor movies is the only… 
"Wow! So awesome that they rehired JJ Abrams, I hate it when movies have too much vision or creativity involved. Fr… 
I need more plus size women described as desirable in TV and movies. I feel confident up until I see EVERY woman on… 
Ghosts Of Legends Past © #SaturdayAfternoonGroove #WeekendWanderlust#RecordStoreDay2019… 
Wanna know exactly when Disney+, and The Clone Wars, will be released and how much it’ll cost and what other titles… 
Anyone got a site to watch movies on I'm trynna watch the Rush Hour movies and they not on Netflix or Hulu 
All the batman movies are awesome, man of steel is a good one too, other than that i dont like any othe… 
 my man won’t be around when Avengers comes out and he is the only one I watch these marvel movies with  
My 5yo has to watch the same two movies every day: Boss Baby and MLP Rainbow Rocks.Why am I sharing this? Because… 
‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer 
It’s even weirder that there are people who have quiet in their heads and don’t have 8500 browser tabs open with mu… 
Did these people not watch Planet of the Apes movies? 
In the Paradiso lobby.  Our girl Carol getting that good spot. Memphis brunchettes, stay tuned for meetup info!… 
Follow me on Stardust where you’ll see my thoughts on movies and tv shows at Cinetard117. You can post your reactio… 
Wow didn't even realize they were in two movies together haha. I actually love London. I sa… 
Top 10 Highest Grossing Horror Movies Ever! #horror: Ever wondered what the highest grossing horror movie are? We t… 
#PETERLOO is now playing at select #LandmarkTheatres! Buy tickets here now: Check out… 
I gotta go to the movies tomorrow 
Interesting.  If you google Michael Moore’s movies, they’re labeled documentaries.  
And I do hate the way it appears the Native American was treated then. All I can assume is from movies… 
I believe many celebrities live in little bubbles &amp; believe the majority of people share their opinions.… 
"‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer" by JASON BAILEY via NYT… 
Marvel will keep having its day now that Disney owns Fox. DC I think will make a turn around if the Jok… 
This may not be an unpopular opinion: but JP1 is the best of all the Jurassic movies. 
Commercial especially Movies 
Show me the way home honey! Goodness, gracious, great balls of Fire!One of the best movies ever. 
Did you catch all these reveals? 
WE DON'T CARE!! We do care that you have threatened us, so we'll just go ahead and boycott your mo… 
New Movies 4/12 
I’m really trying to go to the movies to see my BFF in the movie Little  
Okay.  The new Star Wars movies completely miss the whole motivation of the Empire vs Rebellion.… 
Warner Bros. Freaking Out Over Having Johnny Depp In #FantasticBeasts3 - 
Also there are so many multi-million dollar books that get movies and TV shows full of racism as white pe… 
Roselyn Sanchez from those early  2000s movies. Sweet baby Jesus. 
Can we throw in an honorable mention for Movies? If 
Hey #robertdinero.  We won’t forget you either and I’ll never pay to see another one of your movies.  
Kinda like big Hollywood studios invest in movies because they think it'll win some Oscars and bring them prestige, idk 
I used to take pills when I was a kid because o… 
Now Godzilla and Joker. Those movies forsure are going to the best movies of the year. 
Suggest me some good movies to watch on Netflix guys , documentary suggestions will be appreciated too. 
So sad to see such horrible people being a part of Tv shows and Movies I use to enjoy. Now it is hard… 
"‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer" by JASON BAILEY via NYT The New York Ti… 
Distributors Protect an Endangered Species: Movies Under $50 Million #Movies #TV 
What is with the absolute lack of color in the lion king remake? #Movies #TV 
Which title character has the least screen time? #Movies #TV 
We kind of talked about it yesterday, I've never seen anyone so eager to share how they disliked so… 
The Incredibles (2004) was WAYYY darker than Incredibles 2 #Movies #TV 
I agree with you Matt all the way but .... I’ve always kinda associated the term ‘damsel in dis… 
Taking my parents to the movies  
Breaking video news: ‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer" via NYT #movies #films 
Days like these don't come often, where I'm off and the kids aren't sick so I probably won't be on today at all unl… 
Teaching my girlfriend how to torrent so she doesn't ask me to download movies. 
I hope Netflix never stops making movies where Noah Centineo fake dates people. 
How many movies have you been in ? 
‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer  
From NY Times: "‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer" 
‘Guava Island’ Review: Donald Glover’s Island Getaway Is a Casual Charmer by JASON BAILEY 
I’m sure you do. I do remember them being positive, but it’s like the legend  and nostal… 
Difficult to find with sub titles dost but there are few movies  also made on same topi… 
Those last 3 movies are Fan Films tho. Why did you include them? 
mine is all star wars movies, and yours?? 
Took Elizabeth, my 5 year old, to the movies to watch Dumbo. We get there and she sees is playing and… 
I have trash taste in movies, I hate Marvel actually but I absolutely loved Captain Marve… 
Easter Eggs from all the movies are hidden in the world. GIVE ME MORE PHANTOM MENANCE! 
Last week I went to see "US" with my husband at the movies. We are still processing this one Lol 
#Repost with get_repostNetflix kind of day?GRUBHUB  is here to help. #rainyday #movies… 
I want to write books and make movies but I have no money and no future doing either... 
There’s a fantastic box set called Girls Guns &amp; G-Strings, 12 movies from the Andy Sidaris collection. It’s all great stuff! 
Ex-Pope Benedict just released a 6000 word letter “explaining” the priesthood sexual abuse scandal. Cliff Notes v… 
I love this one and The House of the Devil especially.  He’s really gifted with pacing.  His movies… 
We may just have to forget to support his movies. 
Netflix kind of day?GRUBHUB  is here to help. #rainyday #movies #sweettreats #cookiedoughtogookc #cookiedoughtogo… 
Amen. God knows I criticized them at the time but I'll be damned, they have HEART. They migh… 
We are all voyeuristic at some level, don’t believe me? Think about these two movies… #bulldurham and #mrandmrssmith 
I doubt Rey goes bad but I feel like Rey is gonna do away with both the Jedi and the Sith… 
After the original Mad Max none of the movies are about his arc. He’s the s… 
#Caturday, #CatsOnTwitter and #CatsOfTwitter, go! okay so i may have taken these a few days ago, but gdi does it ma… 
Rihanna and Donald Glover Tease Each Other In 'Guava Island' Clip: Watch 
My 9 year old son my photographer  He saw the words “Hustle” &amp; said “mommy stand here I want to take a photo of y… 
Being a HUGE fan of The Godfather movies, I saw these shirts &amp; just HAD to get them! Mega-Thanks to Michelle at Str… 
Mel Gibson movies on IFC is the Saturday I envisioned. 
His head initially moved forward from the bullet hitting the back of his head. It was then… 
Thoroughly enjoyed #Us. I know I’m late to the party but very well made movie  please keep writing/producing/dire… 
Keep the tissues handy! 
We did share an on-air update during our a Trending Now update prior to the release – this is a regular… 
See the Most Nostalgia-Inducing Cast Reunions from Your Favorite Movies &amp; TV Shows via 
And jar jar binks MADE the next 3 movies bearable.  
Men can be motivated but society preaches t… 
I loved Rogue One. It’s basically a Shakespearean tragedy. I loved the original 3 movies too 
Reminds me of when I was 16 and managed to get a half pint. A friend and I took it to the movies, boug… 
The moment when you realize one of your favorite movies (and a total guilty pleasure) is actually the story of your life. #viewfromthetop 
Congrats , you got away with antitrust violations by lobbying, you took everything the peopl… 
Damn the they sure don't make movies like this anymore. #Classics Apocalypto is up there for me too. 
costar please dont tell me to “go to the movies” and give me actual advice as to whether or not this guy actually likes me 
Rihanna and Donald Glover tease each other in #GuavaIsland clip: Watch 
Haven’t watched Jacob’s Ladder in a few years and every time it gets better. Those are the best movies! This scene… 
Additionally, Guillermo del Toro’s star has risen in the years since his HB movies. I love those movi… 
Like a scene from the movies.Never doubt your worth and always go after your dreams. 
Today's Throwback: Stonehearst Asylum (2014) Movie #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: An Oxford graduate takes up… 
Today's Throwback: Frankenweenie (2012) - Movie Trailer #movie #trailer #throwback #horror: Trailer: Frankenweenie… 
Man, I get it. It represents our childhood. But the movies are still entertaining and contai… 
I think we all collectively hallucinated the ice age movies 
My sister at first wasn’t able to have children but now she has two sons, but like I said there are… 
Are you still trying? If it is so hard to comprehend that people just dont like his movies? You are… 
I’m 22 and I still need structure like a  child. I need a daily routine to follow, a simple diet and cheesy movies… 
Why Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Shouldn’t Change Rey’s Parentage 
I don’t believe for a single moment Disney isn’t going to be releasing new Star Wars movies continuously… 
Movies Primed Us for Black Holes. Here are 6 to Watch. 
this rain finna have me watching movies and playing xbox all day. plans cancelled 
Lovely pic. Title thar came to mind 'The owl kids go to the horror movies'. 
Considering what happens when people say they like his movies I don't think you can say they're toxic.… 
Soccer and movies 
Classic movies are way better than modern movies 
If only snyder fans werent such toxic at people who say they dont like his movies, pretentious and a… 
#the best all movies #YouTubeGiveUsOur10MillionBack #BoyWithLuv78M #DebatPilpres2019 
I love watching lifetime movies about Greek life. It’s very interesting.. 
Hellboy was a fun, violent, action/horror flick that simply sought to entertain and provide escapism.… 
I still hope that the made time in the beginning of Endgame to let Luis 
lol low budget movies  
Robert DeNiro is a delusional old fool. He thinks he’s the tough guy he played in the movies. 
"Ad:" Funko Pop Movies Rocky Horror Picture Show Dr. Frank-N-Furter Fantasy: FlyingTr 
Come join us for day 3 at #wififilmfestival. FREE FREE FREE MOVIES 
I'm not. Disney said eventually all their collection should be on there Including vaulted stu… 
Ruining:FootballGoing to the moviesGoing to music concertsWalking down a street w/o steppin' in… 
I have not seen this type of plants and this color remind me of the movie Samurai movies except it was a different… 
What you think about the name Prime Marvel to rename Captain Marvel on the movies? The character was the original C… 
1. You’re a follower of God2. I’ll say Betty Boop 3. Adam… 
He thinks he is really a tough guy because he plays a tough guy in movies.  #HollywoodStupidity C'm… 
I’d rather grate my hands than watch sports! I’ve beeeeeeen on Netflix napha I’m starting to run out. Lu… 
We won't forget "entertainers" like him whose arrogance gave them the delusion that all who didn't… 
Just finished watching Safe House, one of the greatest movies to be done here in South Africa. it is now where I re… 
New #LionKing trailer lets animals speak for themselves: 
I have a friend who's woken from a dream and outlined an entire series from it, but I'v… 
DVD REVIEW: 'Glass' offers window onto M. Night Shyamalan's world 
Last night I discovered that a huge number of (w/ movies included) are on Amazon Prime streaming, and it… 
Face it. It goes in cycles. DC had it's time where marvel couldn't compete. Now Marvels having it's time… 
This weather is good for staying in bed and watching movies. 
Never talk about movies I saw in theaters but Shazam! was awesome. I think second best DC movie behind dark knight. 
That's fair. I will just stan Hallmark movies instead #safespace 
Into the blue has to be one of my favorite movies 
This is so true. I never knew how much I actually valued those movies until Disney started making Star Wars 
We looked at all the upcoming #Disney movies for 2019 and ranked them: 
OMG! Keanu Reeves follows me on Twitter!  One of my favorite actors!  Why on earth  would he find me interesting?… 
suggest movies huhu 
By which people exactly, there are definitely more who liked it than not? 7 and 8 were great movies. 
It would be virtually impossible to be on Endor in #TheRiseOfSkywaker and have it look the same as #ROTJ The way th… 
Also you’re the last person I’d like to fight with over movies. Pls don’t hurt me 
ppl so quick to hate on DC movies but let garbage movies like antman/wasp, thor tdw, and captain marvel exist 
Just started our first movie for avengers fest. A full day of all three avengers movies (plus Civil War). 
Because some women feel that because a women wears more revealing clothing th… 
não mentiuI got Painfully shy introvert who just wants to stay in and watch old movies! 
Movie day at the Mall? We got you covered! #cookiedoughtogo #cookiedoughtogookc #cookiedoughbus #cookiedoughokc #co… 
These Lilo and Stitch movies... 
I figured that while researching for a director’s English-language debut it might be a good idea to see their mothe… 
Yep, last year. You can all 3 movies from 
Considering there are only 3 movies worth watching? No. 
Currently catching up to my movies 
Or 3 Indiana Jones movies. 
Random question: where are all the firefighter movies? 
8 days later and I’m back at it (Solo was so bad that I stopped it early and went on a detox). Rogue One, the 73-9… 
Often imitated, but never duplicated. By you some   #ComingSoon••#LeonIsaacKennedy… 
And yes, in case everyone doesn’t realize that Disney is a corporation out to make money off of childhood memories… 
We watch British shows/movies all the time especially the actors from one show to another great show keep it going… 
I knew i liked you for a reason! I’m a huge Star Wars fan. Read most of the books in the legand series (… 
Busy day here at the movies... AMC Ward Parkway 14 - in Kansas City, MO) 
Still one of my all time fav pokemon movies  
White House plans to screen anti-abortion film Gosnell #Movies #TV 
The Professor - Trailer - Johnny Depp, Zoey Deutch #Movies #TV 
It's too much potential in this city for it to be in the situation it's in. There was a point where… 
Chris Hemsworth joins Kevin Smith's Jay and Silent Bob Reboot #Movies #TV 
Exactly,to me a true fan doesnt rate best to worst SW movies they either love it and em… 
MGM/Warner Bros. Greenlights ‘Tomb Raider’ Sequel Alicia Vikander To Return #Movies #TV 
20 Disney Movies Fans Pretend Don't Exist (And 10 Hidden Gems Everyone Forgets) 
 WARM, HOT, EN FUEGO This week names his Top 3 athletes, while also comparing them to sp… 
20 Disney Movies Fans Pretend Don't Exist (And 10 Hidden Gems Everyone Forgets) Ah, the w… 
Legit glad they’re done making Star Wars movies for now. My Star Wars nerd friend can finally stop hitching at me e… 
My son said "mum, i watched aquaman, it's not worth spending your R35. 00 (on box office). Just wait for it on Sunday movies" 
that scene where gwyneth paltrow has to change out his heart thingy is more suspenseful and charming… 
This looks like something out of the movies 
Or... and here's an idea...Every three movies has a five year gap, so that you don't oversaturate… 
It also has to do with a lot of people who are willing to see three-hour movies but balk at a three-ho… 
fun fact: children don’t learn violence from video games and movies. they learn it from the environment around them… 
Hey De Niro. When the adults stop going to your movies are you going to start making films for kid… 
It doesn’t have near the mainstream brand recognition or Disney’s endless stream of funding. For what t… 
Im not happy to admit that ive never seen an episode of Game of Thrones or any Star Wars movies.  
Huge fan of his. Even before he did the new SW movies. 
This is the dumbest, least logical flex of all time.  All the Star Wars movies together are like 17hrs, total run t… 
#MoonInLeo -Draws emphasis on the SELF, to central ideas or institutions, and away from connections with others and… 
be right about this niggas trickin. They need to watch some 70s movies or talk to they grandpa or something… 
So you’ve never seen any movies? Like none? Because Dominic Toretto seems like a big time role model of yours. 
Link: Why are there shades of blue eyes that are lighter and others more darker? #film… 
"Uh oh, looks like Hellboy's gonna be a box office bomb there, Robert."To be fair, the Hellboy movies weren't rea… 
"Trolls" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Selfie date? Coffee? Lunch? Movies? When is the date? 
Corey Stoll is playing Uncle Junior in #TheSopranos prequel, The Many Saints of Newark. #HBO #sopranos #movies 
ngl i’ve seen too many movies that start this way and it scares me 
Me seeing Blaine at the Star Wars com he’s at being like a kid at Christmas is the most wholesome thing ever. I lov… 
This that lay up all day, cuddled, watch movies type of weather 
It's like nothing I've ever seen other than in the movies..#TrumpsAmerica #MobstersInCharge #WhatWeHaveBecome 
One of my absolute favorite movies. But Twitter? Don't be so dramatic  
Is this tweet happening bc these movies are on Netflix now? 
2019 movies is what it is all about!  The trailers have had me so excited!  I can’t wait until #summer and I hope t… 
Things that you 100% would bet to see in the movies and in the end you're just like wtf? 
No, we will not forget. And he’s the one that relies on us to buy tickets for his movies. Whereas we don’t need h… 
You are one in a million, love the movies u were in!!!! NOW RAFE GOING TO BE SHOT ON Dools,… 
Your taste in movies pretty much matches mine, I eagerly jump in your articles to learn what I should… 
Check out this awesome outdoor movie venue? What would you and your partner watch on this screen?… 
Take one last look at the entire #GameOfThrones cast before the season finale  
I’m so burnt out on Marvel movies that there’s not 3 I would consider rewatching. Spider-Man is about t… 
Maybe he’s saying the movies are so bad that the creator didn’t look as he was making them. 
...This Justice League Movie Gonna Slap...#Atlanta #Art #Comedy #Miami #Music #Black #Men #Spotify #Google… 
Of course he'll get a fair trial. How will it not be fair? It's in a court of law. He g… 
Reading Movies 
Please, all movies is a fiction, do not compare the reality. 
Not AT ALL. You know this. DC has 2 OK movies, mayyyyybe 3, but that's pushing it. 
Just ordered a DVD box set of the 3 original Bad News Bears movies. It comes with this free Billy Bob Thornton coas… 
Tickled to be the 7,313th  on for RiffTrax Live 2019 - THREE Great Movies Riffed Live!. Thanks 
Check out Mission Impossible DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars   via 
How To Understand English Movies via 
Good point!!! I just realized that this may be more for the international market. The movies aren't really… 
Perfect day for scary movies 
haven’t seen in movies in 20 years  
he’s just kind of always made sure to see me and mason couple times a week &amp; we always go out to do things or we wa… 
saw the movie early premiere and loved every second !!!!!!! Are there going to be more movies ?!?!?!? 
I hate that mother F so much I can’t even watch my favorite movies casino Goodfellas 
today feels like a day i should stay inside and watch all the StepUp movies back to back 
Yeah, that can be boring if nothing good is on. I prefer movies over tv anyway.  I'm about to head out… 
Free movies at White Concert Hall! Good stuff. Please join us! 
Another missed opportunity to me is releasing these the day of the movie release though. Had they releas… 
Great news love these movies. 
I felt that her being repaid what ever the guy took was just never enough.she lost he sanity, her time,… 
Prequels (and old republic): best world buildingOT: best moviesSequels kinda just exist 
And now every long day is a bad oneI can't make you call or make you stayOr take you off the pedestalSo I get lo… 
I hope they keep true to their word and keep his solo mov… 
The only Star Wars movies without the Death Star mentioned or actually in it: Episode I, Episode V, and Solo 
Anime is not movies  
Talking about different kind of movies at one of my favourite place on saturday night 
Why are there so many movies with Cinderella storylines? Why are there always cheesy Christmas Romanc… 
"Ad:" MARK STEWART STUNTMAN SUPERMAN MOVIES SIGNED 8X10 PHOTO AUTOGRAPH WITH/COA/RARE/ Fant… 
’Babylon Berlin’ 3 Sells 35+ Countries, Netflix for North America (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
#StarWars Rebels May've Set Up Palpatine's Return In The Rise Of Skywalker - 
Remember This: The Woods (2006) #movie #throwback #horror: Synopsis: Set in 1965 New England, a troubled girl encou… 
Ba re coach ya team ele ekare o ka acta on the Russian movies.The things people say when they no longer want you. 
Hope you and your family are doing well.  Remember is still at the Bricktown theater.… 
Reading, watching movies, surfing the web, eating prepared meals. Might even get out of my sweats every once in awhile. 
He should have been in the last Jedi like he was in empire strikes back and then been in the rise of skywalker and… 
Spoiling movies/series isn’t funny, it just makes you a dick 
Who's complaining about school with a teacher like that  Don't miss  #LittleMovie starring 
But I think we did. Why do we need more exploration on how a woman got to this point of greatness?… 
After watching a movie I always go to Google to see other people's reviews so I can compare thoughts. It somehow gi… 
....I can keep her while you're watching movies. 
#StarWars movies need a desert because that's where Mar 
Shazam was really good. You should watch it. I can't really say why it's good because it isn't. It is like the Toby… 
CRINGE . I wonder, with their power, how many movies have they directed and produced?  
I went to the movies yesterday and had to shut my eyes and plug my ears for 3… 
There's a big union showdown playing out right now. It's different from teachers union strikes but equally importan… 
#Movie "Kepler's Dream" (2015) 
thank u Tim. Great person u r. Love Ur shows and movies. Tim the tool man rrrrrrr. Iam a car guy ou… 
These Fast &amp; Furious movies are getting out of 
Remember that when submitting movies for MOTW it's up to Bungie to decide which one they want to highli… 
Star Wars' John Boyega doesn't know what ‘The Rise of Skywalker’ means either 
One of my favorite movies too. Get well soon. I love you  
up, watching lifetime movies 
#Stonegasmoviechallenge2019April 13 - Favorite Stanley Donen movieBlame it on Rio! (1984)Tragically, this is the… 
Pinotage + Popcorn + Movies = a combo  
I’m taking mars to the movies for the first time today, and I’m very nervous about it. 
Yeah... That's not enough savings for giving MS a monopoly game storefront and losing the ability to play movies on disc. 
What are some of the best movies of 2018? 
I ordered a 1 Year limitless subscription for $120 on Friday. Used it once (it worked) and it won’t… 
Who Is The #Skywalker In #StarWars: The Rise Of Skywalker? 
Y'all are staring to piss me off with this shit of recreating movies  
Why Is There A Ruined Death Star In The Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Trailer? - 
Binge watching movies/series with mom has to be one of my favorite things to do on a Saturday. 
This week the Richmond Heights Memorial Library has 41 new books and two new movies. 
It’s like those thriller movies I watched before 
You know who to call. 
This week the Salina Public Library has 26 new books and eight new movies. 
The original trilogy takes place 30 years after the events of the prequels which are… 
SCIENCE FICTION MOVIES 2019: All #Trailers (2019) The Best Science Fiction #Movies 
MOVIE REVIEW: A heart-warming movie about man's best 
To much , internet connection is poor.Person can't stream movies  
Additionally, I think I have a biased view that is slightly negatively skewed because of how hyped up… 
I have a patron that consistently does this with movies that are at the theater currently. 
The thing that always drives me nuts about movies is; a movie is set in the New England in the 1600s &amp; women have p… 
Rainy day here. It’s a good excuse to stay under a blanket on the couch watching movies with my daug… 
There’s a movies tab that will take you to a different tab then you just download bro 
Never really seen any of the Addams Family stuff before so I spent a half hour last night looking up clips from the… 
They said 10 more movies coming - still a chance. 
We went to see Shazam was one of the best DC movies we’ve seen. #Shazam #stillnoMarvel #tryingtodotheMarvelthing 
i really really really don’t knoooow! i love lots of movies omg hahaha  
If RJ directed an MNight movie it would be nothing but twists because themats… 
My woman &amp; good food ; movies 
That's one of my favorite movies as well.  And  if the struggle ever becomes to hard don't give… 
sometimes my mood is 3 hours of browsing tv shows and movies and realizing extensive research on possible options a… 
I  feel sorry for him, no imagination in life &amp; to enjoy life with great movies. $$ isn't everything. I create… 
Everyone’s movies are then accessible through Google Play or YouTube, no matter what service you bought them in. My… 
The movie Soko recommends reminds me of movies made by Riri-Aneki. 
it’s ppl out there that don’t really watch movies at all and it’s always weird to me 
The Grand Canyon is visually stunning too but it is not a good movie ;) We’ve… 
It's an interesting question because we never really see Han piloting single man ships in the movies...… 
All the little kids dressed up here at the #Marvel exhibit is giving me the feels. If you’re in #Philadelphia, a vi… 
There’s so many out there I can’t even think of even half. Most of those movies I like. I’m not really one to pick… 
Laila won’t scare children in Yuvan Shankar Raja’s ‘Alice’ 
Women be putting on..the movies be legit af..tv shows too 
All scary movies are the same 
Also! I will be handing out some free Movies today during my Mixer broadcast. Stay tuned for more Movie #Giveaway n… 
The 25 Best Comedies to Stream on Amazon Prime Right Now via 
I’m currently working on an adult fairytale.  Movies:  The Shape of Water, Border an… 
I like that the Star Wars movies come out in December, its always been a thing, when they released Sol… 
This logic is bulletproof. Never should have let my parents show those movies to me at a young age. Co… 
I think the same thing will happen to Rey now, and worse, because between movies 8 and 9 she will b… 
The most highly rated movies are barely known 
I get it; I still have the question- is it going to have ALL the Disney movies, or only some… 
Watched Tully (2018) yesterday. I love Diablo Cody movies and Charlize Theron is even getting better with age. Good… 
I don't think money has anything to do with your poor taste in movies. 
Steve Martin is just so effortlessly funny and weird. I've always liked his stuff. He seems like kinda a rude, mean… 
alimangoshoulder slinghd movies dental cliniccorny jokescellphone kambs always 
Watched Jurassic Park III last night with 7. I think the ranking of the Jurassic Park/World movies is the same as t… 
FATHER DAUGHTER TIME!!! We're heading to the movies to see #PetSematary ! My 8 year old loves scary movies!! 
I’m hype to see “Little” looks soooo funny  so many movies I need to get to 
Also wants to take her to capeshit movies.This is 99% a manchild with no beliefs who just didn't… 
Duh DeNiro what are you going to do stop going to all of Trump supporters movies like we’ve done to you? Moron.... 
I think it'll be a Kylo Ren / Ben Solo redemption story. Han gave his life trying to bring him back to… 
Movies with the fam 
I just love Minnelli he did great movies  
You are starting to see how these new movies destroy the old ones? 
sapatos ao sol --&gt; BTW, I'm watching The Spy Who Fell to Earth (2019) #trakt 
I AM CATHOLIC I GO CHURCH ON SAT EVEN MASS AFTER MASS I GO DQ AN HOME , AN WATCH A MOVIES  BE MINE SE… 
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Are Officially Single Again via hope that the kids w… 
Disney sucks for what they have done with Star Wars. I hate people actually go to see them and keep giv… 
And J.J. Abrams has already shown a penchant for remaking other Star Wars movies. 
The ninth Beijing International Film Festival opened on Saturday evening, with 15 movies contending the "Tiantan Aw… 
Sooo the LA Cavs...give even more control to Team Obliterator James...will be nothing left when he’s done makin mov… 
Likewise!! Great teamwork... You've been trading on another level lately. What you did with those op… 
He should just move out of the USA and stay gone until Trump is out of office.  Then.. wait.. he m… 
I want them to give up on the main trilogies and just make a bunch of random movies that play in that universe. 
A saga of movies that is about astronautical mysticism and powers beyond comprehension hold no bonds or barriers. I… 
I honestly want movies yaz  
I remember the last writer’s strike. So many good TV shows were wiped out forever, and who knows what happe… 
You know what you really want and is not movies 
It's Saturday, and the #greenroute is headed to Delaware Highlands Asst. Living from 10 to 11, Genesis Ridge from 1… 
The final #TheLionKing trailer has just been released, and we can finally see how all the characters look like. Do… 
To be fair, I read a lot of the books and have no problems with the movies. Simply, I find… 
You think much too highly of yourself. Just stick with playing make believe in the movies 
What kind of movies are you into? 
FYI if you want to share your digital movies with family, my sisters and I recently figured out how to do it and it… 
I agree with 5 movies on this list, 1 I haven’t seen though 
Tyler Perry’s Acrimony is one of the Movies I would love to unsee if I had to unsee a Movie.. The bitterness is jus on another level. 
Good things about the movies: 1) Kit Fisto, 2) Jizz, 3) Rey is a clod, 4) Luke… 
Probably one of the best MCU movies of them all. I’ll definitely be watching Winter Soldier this evening. 
Aw, the Lone Gunman (kinda) made the list! 
Dont they have anything else to...except old dam movies. 
Micheal B Jordan’s movies never ever disappoint the guys acting is amazing. 
They got good movies on Netflix. Okkkaaaaaayyyyyy!!!! 
We're the prequals as good as the original trilogy? Not really. We're they s… 
I think the new movie looks good. But you can’t tell me the last two were good Star Wars movies. 
The best kind of garden accessory, an X-wing! A Star Wars superfan has built a huge X-wing in h… 
The first time I felt "old," as it were, was when I made a Star Wars reference to a yo… 
REMember. Off of watching movies with the sound off. 
I just wanna go to movies and watch 
God seriously... I can’t believe we are 3 movies/4 years into this trilogy and folks are STILL out here willfully i… 
He is mad cause the movie isnt going full hard o the old fandom, and isnt going the… 
I had changed my days so I'd have today off because it's my sister's birthday but I still had to come because of a… 
We can’t teeeechnically record so I just kind of stared in confused awe. Imagine the weird covers the… 
The Trailer for &lt;i&gt;Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker&lt;/i&gt; Dropped on Friday. Here Are All the Details You Might Have… 
One of the best movies ever made. 
We shall see. I didnt love the Force Awakens, but liked it as a potential set up movie for the rest of… 
Hi Lebogang, movies are distributed to cinemas according to cinema type, the amount of copies we receiv… 
This week the Six Mile Regional Library District has 60 new books, ten new movies, and two new music CDs.  New item… 
this weather makes me want to be laid up in bed w lots of blankets watching movies all day 
Enjoy this FREE #featured #comedy RICK'S CANOE shot in #SantaFe featuring last… 
It is, but I have enjoyed Rouge One and Solo quite a bit. Those are excellent movies in my opinion 
I'll definitely be watching the key 4 movies before #Endgame.But... 
I’ll offer a hot take of my own after sacrificing Jay to you slathering SW wei… 
Hollywood elites would do better to get behind our Veterans than to constantly spew how much they hate Trump. They… 
10 Mediocre Movies Made Awesome By Their Twists 
The 10 Best Anti-Romance Movies of All Time 
10 Great Movies That Are Better During The Second Watch 
I believe he likes gladiator movies. Corey, have you ever seen a grown man naked? 
I used to be able to play movies IE but suddenly I can’t, sure opens and navigate but can’t play Help 
I get it. People who hadn't read the books don't have a frame of reference ... It's fine. Disney wa… 
My dreams lately have been like movies  
Hey Ed. I'm not sure how many times you've gotten this. But its 2019 bro, MAKE NEW MK MOVIES!!!!!!!!! 
‘cause then we can see movies like spiderman on pornhub. Xvideos is pretty bad for everything. 
The Last Jedi really had me losing interest in future Star Wars movies, but this has drastically chang… 
HellBoy was so awesome! so much gore and blood it appealed to my horror side so much. Tbh has way more gore and blo… 
Guys I’m spending the day watching movies on the couch. You can bring a snack if you want.  But you’ll have to leav… 
the crown jewel, in terms of standalone movies 
I guess I still look at the movies as Lucas' story. And I feel like J.J. is doing justice to Lucas' story. 
Leon The Professional was one of my favorite movies growing up  
Hot Action Movies 2015 - SCI FI Movies New 2016 - Hollywood Action Movies 2016 
This week the Tulsa City-County Library System has 180 new books, 13 new movies, and 18 new music CDs. 
Typed out my Metalshark Bro review and ready to crank out something about the culture of trashing movies. How's your Saturday? 
Clark Gable’s grandson died from fentanyl overdose, coroner rules 
these guys want to be mad that i'm too sick to take them to the movies?? 
One problem with this...the other movies have revenge of THE Sith, Return of THE Jedi.  Indicating gro… 
One problem with this...the other movies have revenge of THE Sith, Return of THE Jedi.… 
"Ad:" Great Horror Classics - Vol. 1 (DVD, 2003) New -Sealed 5 Movies Bela Lugosi Fantasy:… 
Wait..another Hollywood liberal making empty meaningless threats? The American people have the power… 
The potential of #Palpatine as the linchpin for the end(maybe start?) of the Skywalker Saga and 3 Trilogys of movie… 
If you binge watch all the movies, you'll be good lol 
The fact that the trailer for #EpisodeIX was released yesterday means I have NO CHOICE but to watch alllll the Star… 
Poynter’s top 25 journalism movies: 
I have a lot of movies to watch. So excited. Ain't leaving this house anytime 
when I have kids in the future I’m gonna make sure they watch all the old Disney movies that I watched as a kid 
Don’t trust any list of journalism movies that doesn’t have His Girl Friday in the top five  
I want go to the movies  I ain’t go in 2 months 
Binge watch the Terminator movies this weekend and get back to us on that. 
Literally the best movies ever 
I'll have to see if the mini-series is on any of the streaming services. Yeah, the movies was cool. 
The new movies aren’t. But episode 8 was. Rogue one, episode 7 were great. But 8 was a trash heap 
Winter is Coming! #GOT #RotadoTrono #GameOfThrones #OInvernoestáchegando #got #Nerd #Geek #CasaStark #NerdVoador… 
I thought it sucked too. It felt like the same other 2 movies. Blah. I hope they are tricking us a… 
‘Star Wars’: See First Trailer for ‘Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker’ via 
I disagree with this take. But I'm open to be convinced. Tell me why the new movies are dumpster fires. I need to h… 
SOTY2 now. Jfc the amount of money being pumped into making braindead movies in the country. Like you already know… 
I don’t want to hit rock bottom. If only a gangster would tell me to stop trying to get to the bottom of things like they do in movies 
Ha! Oliver is right there with him. It’s definitely one of his top movies of the year. 
Mark N Tompkins Trailers of the Week: ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker,’ Beyonce’s Coachella Doc, ‘Wine Country’… 
He goes pretty hard on super hero movies also. He prob doesn’t have time to enjoy the artform… 
looks like it was exactly what I expected, this might be a controversial opinion but even with how gr… 
Really I think I just wanted Disney to go in a new direction, take us to a new era with new characters that didn't… 
The original movies all had cliffhangers, but they still told complete stories about the individual characters.We… 
Despite their flaws, I've actually preferred the "A Star Wars Story" movies way more than the new trilogy because t… 
Disney has made so many mistakes as well.  Firing multiple directors, not having an overall story planned, rushed p… 
Good movies and food 
I'm talking original movies 
#Women The 14-year-old “black-ish” #actress  #MarsaiMartin makes history as Hollywood's youngest #executiveproducer… 
Almost all movies &gt; Star Wars 
I've downloaded an episode of Grey's Anatomy from terrarium TV. It's perfect, maybe it onl… 
Ms. Lorenz and Rissler 2nd, 3rd, and 4th graders gave us an awesome night at the movies! #hakunamatata  
Nice! 
Looks like it is time to pull out:#MarvelsTheAvengers#AvengersAgeOfUltron#CaptainAmericaWinterSoldier… 
Hey 1999 might've been the greatest year for movies, but it was NOT the last year of a century. Th… 
Voters are not "gonna" go to your movies either. 
Our brains are computersLike in the MATRIXTV Movies Church Schools etc Load our brain/computer with 1000s of PROG… 
Endgame is also wrapping up over 20 movies and multiple character storylines. Also, It’s a Mar… 
How Fake Bodies Are Made For Movies &amp; TV Shows | Movies Insider via this is dope 
1st - is terrible with the other movies. 2nd - Having Gen 1 transformations was excelle… 
Yeah, because there's no way the movies from 1939 could possibly be better or more memorable  
I watch it, but parts of it confuse me.  This happens to me a lot...I think I lose focus d… 
Going to the movies with my friends, but i dont think they chose one yet. Its between Dumbo and Pet Semitary, which… 
I missed this by one day... but thanks! Love you, Kathie and cant wait to see your new movies!!! 
THAT'S WHAT I'M PRAYING FOR. Like Rey is serving a purpose as Ben's counter as he hits his low points,… 
You realize you can watch the movies now that you’re rich 
(Of course, popular entertainment is getting generally more childish over time . . . from teen novels becoming movi… 
Welcome to one of the best #postapocalyptic films in the business with 
What kind of movie fantasy shit is this? Literally no one does any of that. Did this person even go to college or j… 
Pretty sure you can be rich and also see movies..... 
Kylo could also be the Skywalker who rises, but it's going to suck if they make the white male villain of the first… 
MOVIE REVIEW: This animation should have gone straight to 
That's how movies like "The Goonies" start. 
#Movie "Tol'able David" (1921) 
It never gets old and it’s always entertaining. Movies like that are rare! 
Movies or Books? 
Star Wars movies on ‘hiatus’ after Episode 9, says Disney - Polygon 
Are you ready to discover the #MissingLink? Reserve your seats to see Zach Galifianakis, Hugh Jackman &amp; Zoe Saldana… 
I loved that movie too.  His movies never let me down. 
just watched the wayne's world movies again, weird movies they made in the 90's. i love it 
Kelly Marie Tran is super sweet and nice, just Rose was only in the movies for diversity and to… 
Looking good, Karen! 
I had this conversation with someone just yesterday, access to music, TV, movies, etc is obnoxious and… 
Every time they mention Johnson's movies still being on, I breathe a sigh of relief 
Yes I’ve done it. Used to work in a video store - later DVD store. We used to snap discs etc of preview… 
Reylo shippers aren’t disgusting. We are actually watching the movies and seeing what the creators hav… 
The movies are all propaganda nowadays anyway. It’s irritating to watch. 
Watch this and understand why this was one of the realest movies ever made...Because it is where we are about to b… 
I don’t watch his movies anymore....bye bye 
All of the Madea Movies. Love the plays tho. 
Both movies were just hot garbage imo. I expect more of the same. 
Jaws! Jurassic… 
What Is a Grip? The Few Women Doing the Job in Hollywood Explain - The New York Times 
Or the Movies  
Richard is at his most handsome in one of my favorite movies My Cousin Rachel (book adaptation of Daphn… 
Not likely to watch any movies with this fool in them again. No way I could ever see him in the sa… 
Well he obviously doesn't know much it cost to take a family of four to the movies these days. Side note: this is… 
When you're in leadership you are called to be an answer not a critic. If you want to be a critic watch movies if y… 
If watching Harry Potter is the price to pay in order to introduce my kid to so be it. Jut kidding: I ac… 
No. This is his final Star Wars. Even if RJ's trilogy will be called episode X, XI and X… 
Date night with myself and I went to see the new Pet Semetary movie. #datenight #goingalone #movies… 
Love everything about this and them! I would loooove to see movies about the positive side of black teen life. 
If you like our pod, you’ll probably like They’re us, but for horror movies and we rec it 
#EmiliaClarke almost died on the operating table. She ruptured an aneurysm in between seasons and had brain surger… 
Honestly with more than half of those movies sucking do you really think they are not going to finish in similar fashion. 
Agree.What helps is to balance the outrage with outings to see art, theater, movies, music. Balance the energy. 
I love M Night but does he really have to act in all his movies  
Me either!  The only movies I have seen in two years were death of a nation and unpla… 
I am watching all the movies in order. I had never seen all of them. 
stop showing election ads in between movies, we paying for movie not to watch congress campain. Do tha… 
Why Kamal Haasan’s ‘Apoorva Sagodharargal’ is 30-years-young 
I can't stand the love movies thou' 
How I love the Kingsman movies.... 
“Semen-interstellar” they said. It was gorgeous, disgusted and a little disappointed but still one of the best movi… 
CBS morning show is calling 1999 the best year for moviesOnly one of them that they mention that I have seen is th… 
Star Wars Celebration: Live updates from the 'Episode IX' movie panel 
Watching one of my favorite movies... Crooklyn  
Day 2,  better night, it’s going to be another do nothing day.  A couple of movies, spring football game and spend… 
Please recommend good movies I can watch on Netflix? Action/Drama/Suspense 
My friend really wants to watch The Kandasamy wedding and those SA indian movies honestly make me cringe  I can't… 
The fifth element is on Netflix. One of my favorite movies 
Just like I won’t forget at the box office or when one of his movies are on television. 
Saw people on my feed upset about the new addams family movie and how the new designs are ugly comparedd to the liv… 
The man is a pathetic pedophile..who has accomplished nothing in life..Hollyweirdos have it in thei… 
Ok, cool, y'all like that idea. What about this? Instead of seeing another big letdown like th… 
Watching some jim carrey movies and can't help feel sad how he has gone 
It says a lot about me that I came to Stan to watch Star Wars but I uncovered the vault of Disney Channel movies an… 
...including my current one, which included conversations about the current political climate, favorite movies, and birds. 
They missed the passing of the baton.They're trying to relive the old movies.e9: the retcon continues 
I don’t think you can say that until you’ve actually seen the movie. JJ… 
Y’all know them crazy movies where the men hold their wives hostage because he pissed her off, that’s my husband, m… 
#Movie "Looney Tunes: The Heckling Hare" (1941) 
24 Marvel And DC Fan Castings Better Than What We Got Fans have been putting together the… 
I'll watch it, but I'm not that excited. All the new movies have been a let down except Rogue One. 
10 Totally Awesome 80s Sci-Fi Movies You Shouldn’t Miss 
I thought doing movies first gives you something to talk about when you are out for a drink or coffee.  
Haven't we seen the same basic thing a gazillion times in movies, on TV and in real life? It's lik… 
The rise of S K Y W A L K E RThrees movies in a trilogy yet they're all completely disjointed 
I really hate going to the movies as a way to get to know me. Pls lets at least go have something to drink and talk. 
One of my all time favorite movies is on this morning of the Puffins" 
Official Trailer for  #kandasamysthewedding #everyonesinvited18April Local Movies… 
#Netflix TV series to watch offline on #Android phone. How to download movies fro… 
I’m done with him and his movies! 
I woke from a nightmare at 5AM that involved violence against women &amp; family separation. As a sleep researcher, I t… 
to download #Netflix to watch offline TV shows, series or movies Android? How to down… 
can find downloaded Netflix videos in internal memory or SD card. Netflix downloaded f… 
Rurouni Kenshin Live-Action Film to Return with Two-Part "Final Chapter" in Summer 2020 #Movies #TV 
Used to love this movies. Sterland 2007. I bunked school to go see this movie  
Star Wars survived over 40 years and mostly has made tons of money. Only way I… 
I always go to the movies alone 
Hi David, we are disappointed to hear that this was your experience. Feel free to contact our customer… 
Much like we wont forget how horrible your last few movies were.... 
wait a minute...the original book was in french.(which i don’t read)but in all the POtA movies t… 
Taste the fashion donning X Men Apocalypse Quicksilver Leather Jacket for a fashionable appearance of yours!… 
Black people and dying early in movies...smh 
The 10 Best Basketball Movies Of All Time, Ranked - YouTubeBasketball is a sport that’s practically built for the… 
"American Hustle" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
If you like metal, B horror movies, and stoner comedies, check out Todd and the Book of Pure Evil. 
So...you like lame movies. 
Good morning!  Day 6 of Movies Week.   Happy Saturday everyone.  Busy day here, shocker, but at least it’s supposed… 
Tom Holland takes a cup with spoiling movies, they even give him wrong scripts  
Mark Ruffalo spoiled the shit out of Marvel Movies  
We interrupt this mask reveal to bring you all the Mission Impossible movies. 
Yeses they show top movies/series next thing ga di tshameke, im furious 
Sharks are so misunderstood. They are not the man-eaters the movies and media make them out to be. And their surviv… 
How come movies like that don’t get awards? 
But he was so good in the Halloween movies. 
Thanks for this list! 
Bro oka sari nebulo okka tweets chudu Inka life u won't watche movies , TV shows definitely u ll get depressed . 
Look who just followedme! on #Twitter [#SouthJersey]#author of the Land of Nod Trilogy. Tweeting… 
Honestly I am probably going to smoke out, and watch movies 
Watching all my fav movies today!! Starting with 
You know a movies bad when they won’t stop doing aerial shots. 
Must See Top 10 Most Paused Horror Movie Moments! #horror: I find myself watching horror movies multiple times just… 
#Movie "Mordy to the Max" (2012) 
I need my Snackz and Fluffy Catz sleepover to be here already. I need my homegirl to get me out of this crazy funk… 
Do we want people to take comics and their movies seriously as a form of art and expression of that… 
There are a few movies that I connect to like this one. Might go watch it again  
Why does the #Dceu have to be the #MCU for Marvel fans to be happy? Some things aren't for you. All #superhero movi… 
#ReadingForPleasure: The #Dark #room, by the Portuguese #writer Mariana Bento, it's a #wonderful #story that remind… 
How Much Has Jason Momoa Redefined Aquaman? via News and Movies 
Early mornings at the airport with my natural hair..I ll spend the day watching movies and finishing my work of 
In the future, everyone will poop out new Star Wars movies. 
We need to support movies like Unplanned!!!  Go see it in droves this weekend. Description Abby Johnson becomes the… 
Ladies Special - लेडीस स्पेशल - Ep 100 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Videos, Latest Movies… 
Ladies Special - लेडीस स्पेशल - Ep 99 - 12th April, 2019 Entertainment Videos, Latest Movie… 
Patiala Babes - पटियाला बेब्स - Ep 100 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Videos, Latest Movies… 
Chandragupta Maurya - चंद्रगुप्त मौर्य - Ep 109 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Videos, Late… 
Mere Sai - मेरे साईं - Ep 406 - Coming Up Next Entertainment Videos, Latest Movies, movies,… 
How to download movies and videos onto an iPad, from iTunes, Netflix, cloud services, and more – INSIDER… 
i really just wanna hold her hand and cuddle while we watch Disney movies,,, but also really just wanna eat her out… 
I love Sharknado. Funniest movies ever! 
J.J. Abrams Confirms The Emperor Returns In The Rise Of Skywalker 
Movies used to get 15 minutes to hook you in and make you want to watch the rest. Now people are like "Game of Th… 
Avengers Assemble on ‘Kimmel’ to Read ‘Kid-Friendly’ ‘Infinity War’ Adaptation - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I went to see 2 movies back to back by myself and I got so comfortable it felt like I was at home  
There was only ONE nation on earth ever savage enough to drop atomic bombs on civilians, and I've yet to hear ANYON… 
It’s a low budget show about a man trapped in space with two robots by an evil scientist, forced to w… 
I just realised I can have my own movie drive through in my car because my car can play movies like what how cute… 
Shazam was hilarious! And Us was actually really good too and I hate watching scary movies. 
Yep. Watched pretty much all your stuff (minus the shitty Hollywood movies of course). After… 
Dinner and movies. It's Saturday xx #bloodlesshorror #thekillingofasacreddeer #family #movies #vino  Redcliffe… 
Trump's family movies 
Love the Toy Story movies. 
As we start watching apartheid stories on TV,can the also show us Marikana tragedy movies where ANC has killed people. 
no, the movies after The Rise Of Skywalker will tell other stories. episode 9 is the… 
Following a fall during mistletoe picking, Druid Panoramix decides that it is time to secure the future of the vill… 
Did anyone else's younger siblings watch Hillary Duff movies repeatedly, to the point where they're still a struggle to watch as an adult? 
Watch all my horror movies emini 
Music videos, movies , social media and pornography  is a result. 
i haven't seen all the marvel movies. i've seen the iron man ones and the thor ones and captain america and spiderm… 
'Star Wars' analysis: Old-school returns highlight 'The Rise of Skywalker' trailer The first trailer for 'Star Wars… 
‘Perfect Life’s’ Leticia Dolera on Role Models, Women’s Desire, Bouncy Castles - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I liked Clancy for the most part. But I enjoyed him through movies rather than books because he was on… 
Ah yes! The good old days of the drive-in movies with speakers you hooked on the inside of your car w… 
Can we have an At The Movies equivalent of rating WA sunsets? Patchy cloud, good horizon opening, distant ship. 3.5… 
I have to be dragged to Disney movies 
Between numerous movies and a long running anime. It had the best chance of any. Seeing as the spin off… 
Entertainment Trends, Changes, Digital Build – Per Eurodata TV - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Home of Monty Python’s Eric Idle Reportedly Evacuated After Suspicious Powder Triggers Hazmat Response -… 
‘Over and Out’ Creators Vuko and Van Vuuren on Rearing After the Apocalypse - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
#Movie "The Hitcher" (2007) 
Great to see the movies back to back ... The marathon is under way ! 
From a fresh title to a juicy teaser trailer - Here are all the latest details about 'Star Wars: Episode IX'… 
One of the most underappreciated movies of all time 
He tried to talk me into going back in, failed miserably, and left with me.  We dated anot… 
Show me their videos and music, don't forget their graffiti, basket ball skills and acting in movies too.... 
Amber Heard detailed the multiple instances of abuse she allegedly endured while married to Johnny Depp in a court… 
Have you seen the Dead Snow movies 1 and 2? So...  is a clone of Colo… 
Have you seen the Dead Snow movies 1 and 2 
Looking for movies and series to watch this weekend? Check out the #ViuPicksForYou selection EXCLUSIVE to… 
Kush and movies 
MGM Starts Climb Toward ‘Tomb Raider 2,’ Amy Jump To Write Script #Movies #TV 
If Tidal starting making TV shows and movies. Fuck...  everyone is in trouble. 
Do Siamese twins pay for one or two tickets when they go to movies andconcerts? 
You do a good job with live TV options. Movies are good as well but don’t change frequently enough.  A few S… 
#DORK 35: Top 50 Horror Movies (50-31) 
#DORK 37: Top 50 Horror Movies (10-1) 
#DORK 36: Top 50 Horror Movies (30-11) 
We can't deny CW has something of Lex Luthor. That means at some point has to be superman. Bitcoin… 
Taylor Swift Donates $113,000 To Fight Anti-LGBTQ Legislation In Tennessee - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
15 Best Sports Movies On Netflix Right Now, Ranked - Buena VistaLast Updated: April 13thLive sports might be th… 
Books, junk food n movies 
9 movies in and this is still the best star wars trailer 
“We want the movies to reflect our audience” – Marvel Studios boss discusses their plans for LGBTQ superheroes -… 
The must also broadcast the “Miners Shot down” documentary.And I bet you we gonna see… 
Unfollow me if you don’t think Brink and Under Wraps are the two best Disney channel original movies 
The problem I have is that all 3 movies seem so wildly inconsistent. Luke’s lightsaber is important!(T… 
#TheForceAwakens is not a great movie but it takes its time to languish in a place we haven't seen since about 4 mo… 
Nigerians must sit this one out. We support their movies and if they wont support our Trevor they must… 
One of the best songs I have ever heard also love the movie One of the best m… 
Even our police offices watch too much American Cop Movies... they still force peop… 
'', 'Pet Sematary', 'Watchman' and more: This weekend at the movies 
How many Star Wars movies are they going to milk to death? This is becoming the call of duty of movies. 
I need to study and do an assignment. I also want to spend the day in bed watching GoT and old movies like The Holi… 
Lol he’s a never was that is so narcissistic his roles have gone to his head... nobody who matters c… 
#Movie "The Tale of Despereaux" (2008) 
Full disclosure: I was never that big of a #StarWars fan as a kid. I did like those #Ewok movies, hilariously enoug… 
Lemme guess - all of the "Fast and Furious" movies tho. 
MOVIE REVIEW: We reviewed the Hellboy movie - and it was hell to sit through 
Maniac (1934) Full Movie |  Sex Maniac Movie | Black and white exploitation | horror film - 
Actually Netflix cancelled those shows because Disney took the Marvel movies. They won't be on Disneyplus 
Yeah 3 movies with rick since he's gone and next season will be something, this season j… 
The definitive ranking of all the Star Wars movies:1. Empire Strikes Back2. "New Hope"3. Return of the Jedi4. S… 
Yes! People are so ready to overlook deep psychological shit in genre movies. Like, Rian saw someth… 
10 Totally Awesome 1990s Sci-fi Movies You Shouldn’t Miss 
For real come over sometime! We can hangout and watch shitty horror movies together 
Still have a lot of the figures from the first movies which I got when I was a youngster. 
How to find downloaded Netflix movies on Android #tips #tricks #android #app #netflix  
Nah. We had to have all those pretentious movies so we could rise to the Christmas Special  #hottake 
It sounds like they became jealous because first they have no content, at least nothing nobody has seen… 
#DORK 43: Will Ferrell Movies 
#LRT I really hate going to the movies as a date. I hardly watch movies and I find cinemas cold and they give no opportunity to talk. Ha.a 
Yhu! That time you're not into movies. 
The new Star Wars looks cool but these movies really need to figure out what they want to do lol 
One of my all time favorite movies 
I’ve been watching horror and end of the world movies for the last two days straight. I really have no life 
'Star Wars' Episode IX 'Rise of Skywalker' sees evil emperor Palpatine's return 
This stuff really bothers me, I don’t often rant about things but Star Wars was my thing, the movies, toys , games,… 
star wars is so fucking flexible it's amazing. You can do nearly everything you want because there's a way to make… 
I’m legit afraid to go to movies alone because of this 
but I can truly say this one of the best movies I've watched. 
Bumblebee movie saved the transformer movies 
Watch.! OnLiNe] AFTER 2019 Full Movie HD on PutlockerPLAYING NOW!______________***______________Watch AFTER in H… 
Yoh that only happens in movies  
First chapter done and I kinda see it Bella’s relatable (if she wants so depressive over little things it’d be easi… 
not sis jacks off not br - all private movies on my uploads: amateur not sis jacks off not br - all private movies… 
2001 is an ice festival and it's my favorite film. It's special because my Dad took me to see it i… 
I never ever drank so I don’t know what hangover feels like but from the way they make it seem in movies, I think I… 
And there's Star Wars movies to watch 
Oh my goodness what have I done to myself. Watching all these superhero movies. The good news is that I have the fi… 
Hot Titles From Spain’s TV Production Sector - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
First it’s marvel movies, Harry Potter now more Star Wars, oh dear  
I dont waste time on any movies..but don't act like its mutually exclusive. Star wars suck and so do "rich… 
#Movie "The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter" (1968) 
I wanna go watch the movie "US" today but movies are R2million these days 
I guess that’s where we defer. I have Netflix and DSTV Now and I’m already paying for fiber so I don’t… 
Brilliant episode Hop… 
Reel Buzz: Mahesh Sends Feelers To Trivikram! 
How Turner Classic Movies Built a Marquee Brand by Catering to Film Fans; 25th Anniversary 
Big Movies in 1979Mad 
Please stop putting Keira Knightley in movies that I actually want to see. 
Seeing LAIKA movies do better than Disney movies makes me happy. 
I’m sad that I’m no longer excited for Star Wars movies anymore 
Warner Bros fears revelations from Johnny Depp &amp; # 39; s lawsuit against Amber Heard may harm Potter movies… 
Green Book was terrible. One of the worst best picture winners. Ask Don Shirle… 
Adam Driver doesn't watch his movies Adam Driver doesn't watch his own movies. The 35-year-old actor has landed som… 
Are they both movies about being in a library? I’ll see myself out. 
Scary movies aren’t for me esp not w/ dolls 
I just watched The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring (2001) #trakt 
The sub smiles and cuddles into the dom as the dom takes care of them. “I love you baby.” The dom says in a sweet t… 
The Rise of Skywalker. The trailer had no emotional punch. I hope the film is better than that. It seems they have… 
I would watch fifty movies of Rey and Kylo Ren talking 
Good reminder for the #weekend. What good #movies are out right now? #utah #slc #film #cinema Murray, Utah 
DeNiro’s last slew of movies were box office bombs. He is irrelevant and desperate for attention. 
I liked the story, it got too ambitious  but I really liked it. I think the cinematography was good.… 
Reminded me of one of my favourite movies ..Akelah and the Bee 
Movies and Food 
it’s amazing to know the naked brothers band went on to star in simultaneously the worst and best horror movies of the last two years 
"Bob Lazar: Area 51 &amp; Flying Saucers" and 2 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
Nothing to do with snakes I know, but watched an old movie called “The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms “where it… 
can we just take a moment to appreciate the ICONIC songs from every single one of the HSM movies?? 
Why do I keep watching scary movies before I go to bed? 
Also not 100% sure if that is a force ghost of Darth Bane a video I watched said it was a "vis… 
Yes but anything with Michelle Pfieffer is awesome lol.  And one of my all time Fav movies was Willow with Val Kilmer.. 
Raj Kapoor's movies were loved by Chinese Long ago. 
People shit on episode 3 all the time but i think its one of my favorite star wars movies. 
Do you know how after two X-men or LOTR movies you felt invested and wanted to see the third movie? I feel… 
I mentioned it on my priv, but like, one of the things I love about the Toy Story world so far is that it's a new a… 
DC for me excluding the three movies of theirs we don't talk about 
me: has seen big daddy 1 million times in my lifealso me right now at 2:30am: BIG DADDY IS ON TV I HAVE TO WATCH… 
also it would be weird and canon breaking to go eight movies with no sith force ghost only to… 
Nice, although having never been a producer before do you have any tips? If movies have taught me… 
Me: Don't know what to wearNephew: If can repeat movies who are you...Me: DStv won't smell...#ThisFamily 
Disney will avail all their old movies and call it ‘rewatching the classics’. I don’t know hey, catchin… 
upon completing the first and second act is okay the third act made me yawn and overall it's just one of those movi… 
I hate how books never do movies justice !! 
So now the avengers are on their own time loop until they finally figure out how to stop Thanos. They use the quant… 
Although it is quite the packed year for movies, it definitely is a ch… 
and I would love to watch Black Panther on the new Samsung Galaxy S… 
the reason they're are classics is bc these movies really do *get* teenagers and how they feel abt life 
If we can watch movies alone at home on the tv/phone/laptop then why not at the theatres? 
I'm a Movies fanatic, but Captain Marvel  ay okay, it is a nice movie. #AvengersEndgame please don't disappoint  
Lol dude, stop watching blue movies 
Sometimes I think I'm in to art but then I describe things in movies as "cinematic" 
Vin Diesel – You make movies for the… 
Feature : "Bollywood movies to watch out for this summer"#KabirSingh shahidkapoor Advani_Kiara KabirSinghMovie… 
#Sathyaraj in talks to play an important role in #PonniyinSelvan ! 
Fans are expecting the hit combo anirudhofficial and VigneshShivN  to deliver a solid track for the Superstar in… 
#Athiran review: An engaging psycho thriller  #FahadhFaasil’s brilliant performance that holds the film together… 
#MadhuraRaja review: A Vishu treat for fans of #Mammootty mammukka The story is predictable and the pace may be u… 
#Watchman : gvprakash  looks earnest and sincere! he has done his work with utmost dedication both as a composer an… 
"‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT… 
#Movie "Benji: Off the Leash!" (2004) 
This drops tomorrow night. I can't tackle every injustice in America in one video, but I am going to try to explain… 
if you think i’m gonna be at the movies until 4 am seeing endgame ur absolutely right 
despite this, I love John Hughes movies. they're good movies. breakfast club, Ferris Bueller, the redeemable parts… 
look we all know the problems inherent to John Hughes movies. the politics of consent and romance are blood chillin… 
‘Athiran’ review: An enticing movie that falls short of expectations 
Also, Toei DNR'ed and censored their release of… 
I can’t Wait for the #LyingKing Live action movie this was one of my favorite movies of all time as a #Child  
New Animation Movies 2014 Full Movies English - Animation Movies Full Length - Kids Movies - YouTube_clip6 
Indie Focus: Going big with ‘Little’Hello! I’m Mark Olsen. Welcome to another edition of your regular field guide… 
Legit one of my favorite anime movies!! 
Awe... Jeffrey Dahmer baby movies 
The best movies out this 
The New York Times Movies, Television"What’s on TV Saturday: ‘Crazy Rich Asians’ and ‘Saturday Night Live’" by SARA… 
Movie Review: #PetSemataryRating: 3/5 stars" StephenKing fans will probably watch it to relish another adaptati… 
Movie Review: #TheTashkentFiles Rating: 2.5/5 stars"The acting, thanks to the melodramatic nature of the film,… 
Well Dang that must have been real spy in - like in the movies- if they had to go oversees. Btw WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH! 
Among my MCU rewatch, took the time to sit down and watch Watchmen and The Judge for the first time since their rel… 
Food and movies 
Watch Teen Spirit (2019)Watch NOW : #movies #ChineseGP #Matchday #Race1000… 
Honestly the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants movies didn’t have to go so hard 
I love Amandla Steinberg but her movies are soo wack 
Tell me why I got fucked up at the movies !? Those margaritas are strong af 
Teen Spirit (2019)Watch : #movies #movie #MovieTwit #TVShow… 
The way I see it, with some exceptions, Netflix's best product is their shows, because the way the… 
All the movies I like something bad happens to the characters. 
hi so i know i’m almost 20 yrs old but does anyone wanna have like a slumber party we can watch movies and cry and just like eat 
What are they going to do? Make bad movies?Too late.  
EpicHeroes also known as Epic Heroes is a Pop culture website with news, reviews, and opinions on anything from sci… 
| WATCH: New 'Star Wars' film promises 'The Rise of Skywalker' in first teaser  
We’ve got a mad packed spring/summer season for the box office coming so y’all better block me now if you don’t wan… 
YES!!! Disney made sibling movies before this (Lilo and Stitch, and Frozen for example), but "true l… 
ANDY SERKIS MADE 3 GOD DAMN MOVIES ABOUT THIS KINDA SHIT!!!! lol 
Stream to solve boy problems 
Is it better than “enough” or can those two movies cannot be compared?? 
also, apart from M:I:III, all of Abrams' movies are fundamentally derivative. Even Trek 09', borrowed its… 
We just hope everything gets solved soon so we can get later on Friday the 13th movies 
2:38 AM &amp;&amp; Im Up Eating Ice Cream &amp;&amp; Watching Movies In My Valentines Day Robe  
Make Poster (№534) photo effect with PhotoFaceFunСategory: Movies - Poster #ferramentasdefoto #editordefoto… 
On the one hand, good, because all of these new Star Wars movies suck on ice. On the other hand, they’re really fun… 
I LOVE SCARY MOVIES 
If you make a horror movie, and you rely on a loud sound effect for your pop-scares.... Than maybe you shouldn't be… 
How ‘La Sala’ and ‘Hierro’ Broke the Mold of Spanish TV Productions - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Once I'm well, I'll be FINALLY finishing my Christmas Marathon in APRIL!?! Then, I'm getting caught up on Movie… 
Probably for the best, right? 
One analyst says the new streaming service is like a meteor dropping in the middle of the media industry Disney jus… 
#Shazam is one of my favorite superhero movies!  
I just took myself to the movies what that tell ya 
Church  I thought I… 
Thinking of going to the movies or lunch..... Alone 
Haha you’re welcome bro. Yeah, the toxic anti sequel folks are out in full force today. Wasting their br… 
I do like a dick as well as sex. The hectic week and pressure might kill me in the weekdays. However, sex movies sh… 
There's been a rumor for a couple of years Hayden Christensen was showing up in these movies.... I… 
Thought I was the only one who doesn't go out for movies cos I also turn to sleep. I think movies are nice back in high school. 
So many movies that shows why you do not do something like this. Well that and the ethics part. And still ... 
Zabardast news love u ahan baba and wait wait and waiting movies. 
Watching American movies and shows about Western heroes, gods, historical figures|Drake no formatWatching Japanese… 
to Robert De Niro: We hope not!!!! We're proud of supporting our President. Name just ONE thing you have accomplish… 
movies are for dirty potato bus stop people 
White Christmas; Giant; Sabrina; Bell, Book, and Candle; Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner; Yours, Mine, a… 
You need to chill movies are always different from the books 
Pizza and movies with jason.jensen.37 Tulsa, Oklahoma 
what movies had intermissions? also what you do is you sprint your ass to the bathroom and sprint back and then you… 
DC needs to stop making movies right this second!! They’re trash!! #dcistrash #pleasestop 
It’s crazy watching movies that co-star future Avengers, before the MCU existed. Scott Pilgrim and Zodiac are at th… 
So multi-millionars don't watch movies. What's the point of having that much money then? 
My guilty pleasure is watching cheesy romantic movies . 
#Movie "The Earl Sessions" (2011) 
are people really saying that not watching movies is the key to success in life? i haven’t seen star wars because i… 
Or you try watching documentaries they'll give you a clear reality, we don't do that. Movies are deceiving 
10 Star Wars Deleted Scenes That Would Have Made The Movies Better via 
| WATCH: New 'Star Wars' film promises 'The Rise of Skywalker' in first teaser 
Hellboy Fantasy/Science Fiction ‧ 2h 1m. This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched !! I can’t believe how… 
Movies lovers will never forget either, Mr. De Niro. 
 and you blame your brother for opting to go alone than take you with to the movies? 
I've watched 4 movies this year but never even finished one. No progress on my side  
Sounds like one of the Avengers knows that Coulson is alive. 
Disney’s Streaming Service, Disney Plus, Launches This Year. Here’s What It’ll Have - 
I definitely plan to see that one! I loved Get Out (one of my fav movies), so I’m sure I’ll enjoy Us just as much 
Someone, somewhere, watched the John Wick movies and thought - its good but it lacks violence - and that is how the movie Polar came about! 
I’m disabled. I go to the movies &amp; the occasional concert. My feed doesn’t show how long it tak… 
Dude I literally have been watching all the old movies. Escape from murder island is my jam 
TIL I can’t handle watching cute puppy shows/movies or I’ll start crying because they’re so cute omg 
Spain’s TV Production Boom Sends Ripples Through Industry - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
We all love a good pop culture reference. have put together their favourite examples of misconduct… 
Just gonna plug this real quick, feel free to join my server "Mother of Random" where we have fun discussing our fa… 
movies and chill 
How JJ Abrams consulted with George Lucas to help craft the end of the Skywalker saga #Movies #TV 
Outside producers or geeta arts lo chiru movies cheyyali. C… 
I’m disabled. I go to the movies &amp; the occasional concert. My feed doesn’t show how long it takes to recover from s… 
I’m 20 years old, have my own house and cat and ready to provide for one more;) spend most of my times looking for… 
I’ve been so exhausted the last few days because of work that I haven’t been able to watch any movies. I apologise… 
Trae's favorite quotes are like ALMOST all from Thor movies. lol. 
I just wish when Disney+ comes out they'll put their original movies from the 90s and early 2000s on it. I miss those things. 
Orgasmo would have to be one of the best porn satire movies ever and I found it easy to associate one nation with p… 
I think the big reason why some folks are burned by #Hellboy is expectation.The Del Toro movies were terrific, so… 
Just got back from seeing #HellBoy and wow... that was one of the worst movies Ive ever seen in my life. My film so… 
Definitely one of my favorite movies growing up as a kid 
damn i just liked the movies my b 
omg poor... YOU. for being daft enough to believe this petty bullshit. Lifetime movies put on a be… 
Hell I still haven't watched any of the new movies. I don't stop on cliffhangers, wait… 
My latest, greatest prank is going onto my step-dad’s Netflix profile, choosing shows/movies he would NEVER watch (… 
On a related note, I saw this on Facebook - Michiru Oshima, the composer for "Godzilla vs. Megaguiru… 
Great movies tonight!!! Had a party first with #DeathGasm than a little sit down and a drink with #thechangeling.… 
military movies are badass to me lol idk why they interest me so much 
Is she just counting down #AvengersEndGame is not sing the soundtrack or make appearance… 
Not to mention we want to see future Friday the 13th movies coming out as well 
i was craving sushi today so Caden and i went and got sushi and watched movies all night and these are the nights t… 
only in movies 
I’m an aspiring Fantasy author; eighteen. I know you’ve watched lots of movies, read books, played ga… 
The movies aren’t perfect, but I loved Fassbender as David. Really bummed we’re not going to see the final… 
WATCH: New film promises 'The Rise of Skywalker' in first 
‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX 
..wena gape your switch off the lights walked slowly outside  that how it always happens in the movies  
Looks like the rumors were right! 
It’s true and the marvel movies are the best 
O I’m going thROUGH it again I’m crying DAMN movies where has The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants been in my life?? 
I remember when the Transformers movies were asking fans if they are Autobots or Decepticons. Same thing I guess. 
Can I say how frustrating it is listening to people oh n ah or bitch over certain details in the new teaser? If the… 
There are only three Star Wars movies... Star Wars: A New HopeStar Wars: The Empire Strikes Back… 
Last night’s #DemocracyGauge with Jayan Moodley director of the Kandasammy movies and actor 
Re-watching some Marvel movies ahead of Endgame this month... this line from the first Captain America flick resona… 
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 is definitely one of my favorite Marvel movies. This shit is hilarious 
I’m finally watching movies that have haunting/iconic imagery that I’m familiar with but haven’t actually seen in c… 
What is really amazing is how much money they've made off 3 good movies. 
SHE’S A SICK WITCH ALONG WITH UNHOLYWOOD! WON’T GIVE $$ to WATCH OR GO TO MOST MOVIES EVER AGAIN! I HOPE ALL THOSE… 
I keep saying I’m trying to make new friends, but I end up staying in bed and eating food while watching movies alone  
This platform is bad for talking about shows and movies without spoiling things by accident but I am in fact catchi… 
Jenny and Val are the only people to have me walk out of the movies without watching the movie 
Starz got some lit movies though like Waiting to Exhale, the Wash, all the Disney movies lol I love Starz. 
This is my favorite thing about #TheLastDriveIn. I love being part of the horror community and I love that we watch… 
That’s a damn good movie but damn bro I fuckin love movies.always makes me sad to hear people say they… 
You can tell alot about someone by what their favourite song in the Guardians of the Galaxy movies is. For example… 
Get over it and start comparing apples to apples. The moment you quit watching games,… 
Why am I just discovering that amazon prime comes with movies 
not sis jacks off not br - all private movies on my uploads: old not sis jacks off not br - all private movies on m… 
How am I spending my Friday night? Drawing Spider-Man comics and watching Godzilla movies. Why am I single? 
A guy posted on his mutual that he doesn’t eat out or watch movies and I could not swipe down fast enough 
That’s the reality or remaking iconic horror movies.  There are always going to be a few die hard f… 
Capitalismn premeated our space whether robo calls...pop up ads online...or incessant 5-mi… 
There's social justice in these movies?Where, exactly? Can you give me ONE example?Laura Dern hav… 
Anyone else watch horror movies to fall asleep? No? Just me? 
we are about to be movieying.....movie-ing..?.. Watching hella movies this summer. 
Yeah. I was a big Star Wars fan when I was younger. Eventually I grew out of sperging out over it.… 
Pretty sure people watch movies and TV in the 90s too, Dave #SpacedOutRadio 
Someone take me to the damn movies. 
As great of a kid that my son is, I’m not letting him pick movies again! Started with Skyscraper followed by Rampag… 
Who loves movies, comedy, reviews, and podcasts?! Get it all here! #movies #podcasts #reviews #moviereviews 
I like Darcy from the first two Thor movies. She’s funny. 
Anything that allows me to annihilate everything we've seen of the new movies the fastest. :| 
#Movie "Spy School" (2008) 
Also, it's been a really long time since I've tweeted and now I'm just here to tell you guys about movies from 2004 soooooo.... 
LOST IN SPACE and SENSE8 actor Maxwell Jenkins joins Mark Wahlberg, Connie Britton &amp; Reid Miller in true-life drama… 
If the new movies are 'SJW', the original trilogy is too. It's literally THE SAME basic plot. Evil space N… 
If you are a #MovieTwit listen, go watch "HAWK &amp; THE SLAYER" right now...its the weekend what else do you have to l… 
Billy Dee Williams Says 'Lando Never Left Me' 
[watching Anastasia]are there any villains in 90s animated movies that *weren’t* queer coded?Straights really t… 
he just dies in between movies and then two years from how they show him choking to death on a pretz… 
Feast your eyes. 
These movies are a travesty. But the death of 2D animation makes me think of 
Lucasfilm's Kathleen Kennedy on Planning "Next 10 Years" of Star Wars Films via 
You seem to like the Thor movies a lot more than I do haha 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker': What that first trailer and title tell us to expect via 
I’ve read a pretty good portion of the Extended Universe. Mainly started because of Ma… 
I just don't get why you need to restrict yourself creatively look at the game Shadow of Mo… 
"WE AREN'T MAKING MOVIES"NUNCA TE CRITIQUEI, NINTENDO 
Morning Debs. See you followed my example: Movies relaxing with some wine. Nothing beats that my friend 
"Power: "People still ask, why not use CD-ROM?"Tezuka: "For games, you need backup and flexibility, CD-ROM doesn'… 
Me at 22 on Friday night: shotguns seven beers and pisses in a bush behind sals barMe at 27 on Friday night: crac… 
She thinks if we don't see the planes hit the towers that we'll get over it??? NEVER. I choke up whe… 
SHIELD tech bullcrap, see future Cap movies for more 
i am legend is one of the saddest movies ever but it’s one of my all time favorites 
Pretty telling that the only movies I've ever purchased more than once are The Dark Knight &amp; Interstellar (both Nol… 
EA has been leading the way for the Star Wars franchise for decades now.The movies are finally catching up. 
I’m glad I’m not the only one tbh. I cry every time there’s a sentimental moment in movies. Even in Us just this past week. 
TAYLOR ALISON HOW DARE YOU POST SOMETHING WHILE I WAS IN THE MOVIES 
And all lmao and she said I was to boring always taking her out to eat and the the movies she wanted something new lmao  
This Best F(r)iends movie with Mark and Johnny from The Room might be one of the more WTF movies I've ever seen, and I'm only 12 minutes in. 
is releasing movies and series like has one-day sales with bonus days. Space it out so we believe… 
I can watch the old Disney movies all day long. 
Been looking for a good ol uprising tale against alien overlords? Well look no further than the new scifi Captive S… 
Coto movies not working for the iPhone? It doesn’t download.  
I hate seeing car crashes in movies cause same 
someone come watch scary movies and cuddle w me 
Now I really want those Obi Wan &amp; Boba Fett spin off movies damn it! #StarWars 
Gota hit the dvd man 2mrw since I never have no one to go to the movies with! 
I just realized I watch movies with my in laws a lot  and in Spanish too  
Saw #usthemovie Wow!!!! It's a scary movies that is actually scary..... 
Palpatine is back..... anything is possible in these insane movies. 
Everyone assumes I like movies like The Patriot because I’m a history teacher. Truth is I can’t stand period films. 
Okay. Upon first viewing of Solo. I'm surprised. Solo was the lowest at the box office and is the reason Disney is… 
Hubs and I don’t go out to see movies by ourselves very often. We choose Loved it!!! We will make sur… 
Oh they’re beautiful alright. Who could say no to movies like these with the best animation, brilliant… 
I see scenes of school dances on TV and in movies and they always look so small to me and then I remember my school had like 1800 kids 
One of the worst movies I have seen. I wanted it to be good, but it just wasn’t. 
Johnny Walker Black and movies 
That might be when they’re in their later 30’s. They might even be 40 when their kids ask them why they like those… 
i honestly just want girl friends that are down to lay in bed and watch movies all night and talk about life 
Are they fun to read? More detailed? I always really enjoyed… 
"‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT Th… 
In my top five favorite horror movies OF ALL TIME. 
Sleep is for wimps, nights are for horror movies! 
reminded me why I love superhero movies and superheroes in general. #go #see #it #ShazamMovie 
Can’t wait for both these movies. #BottledWithLove tomorrow night &amp; #MorningShowMysteries Sunday n… 
I would agree, hence "least bad". They should have given it to RJ so he can run with the situation he… 
I’m such a movie freak  I can watch movies all day. 
please stop choosing scary movies for us to watch every single night  
So does me choosing to stay in on a Friday night to eat and watch movies make me boyfriend material? Or just lame?  
Everyone should help Disney with these movies. Lord knows the need it. 
#LivePD the cops drive by a McDonald's in every episode. Every time. It's like product placement you see in movies  
"‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX" via 
I guess I wonder what he was doing during the rest of the those movies if he isn’t a clone. Feels like t… 
Movies with my love  enjoyed it .. 
559 fox premium movies 
I feel like you're making my point. He's been impulsive the entire time. He switches directions quickly… 
I agree with that, too, but at the same time, you have to be realistic about the quality of things you l… 
Confirmed. 
No actually captain america story andharikana mundhu jaruguthundhi anthey but movies… 
I am no longer going to watch anymore Deniro movies.  
Bitch you almost got me kicked out the movies 
Are playlists a thing for or What if one could hit shuffle to play episodes/movies… 
I mean, it’s quite sill… 
My 13 yo daughter and friends are all into the Marvel movies.I'm not disappointed… 
Since Rey’s first appearance I thought she was a Skywalker but I have a theory: Episode 1 introduced the… 
Look, maybe Transformers isn’t the Beatles of movies. But what I am saying, is that maybe Transformers is at the le… 
Betsy aside, with the Disney deal going through, anything is possible. And comic book mo… 
The new Star Wars movie looks like trashI think honestly that may be an insult to trash, that’s how bad this movie… 
Girls are crazy because of unrealistic movies like After 
I honest to god do not think they will ever formally recognize the animated characters in the movies. Th… 
I can’t wait for the movies after this, when everything is finally disconnected from 30 year old movies and they ca… 
So which one of you guys is writing an article about how doing startups is like making movies? 
What books, or movies are you looking forward to this year? 
Website where you can watch movies together 
I think it's the best. Better than the first two movies. 
PlayStation and movies 
One square away from completing my #TCMFFBingo card. Two movies left in my #TCMFF day 
Watched this recently on your recommendation.    TV/movies have been shiite recently 
I’ve got a thing for watching bad movies with friends. All that MST3K in my bachelor days. 
‘One Cut of the Dead’ Heads for North America With AMC’s Shudder - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
The only thing not cheesy about the twilight movie series is Sheriff Charlie Swan. Bella’s dad is a badass and is t… 
Fridays nights are the best days to watch movies Agree or disagree 
Pineapple Express top 5 movies ever 
3. Not one person knows how to fire a gun. Not even the military dude. 4. Last episode climax scene in downtown lo… 
‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle 
i wish i could just forget all shows/movies/anime ive watched and see them again for the first time 
It is one of those movies where you just go "Yeah, I see what everyone and their fucking landlord was talking about… 
A reeeal sucker for Netflix’s “quirky average high school girl gets the super cool hot guy” movies &amp; I’m not even slightly ashamed 
On Twitter because The Amazing Spiderman 2 is dumb I can’t pay attention. Trying to catch up on Marvel movies but t… 
Can’t wait to show my card at rated R movies now cause I JUST TURNED 17. 
I’m at the movies.. 
Ugh.  In horror movies women are just transportation devices for the eventual naked tits.  If only wo… 
#Movie "Stay Tuned" (1992) 
will reportedly be $6.99/mo  
The Aretha Franklin concert documentary ‘Amazing Grace’ is nothing short of a miracle 
In just this year I've watched 101 movies... 
Makes you wonder if he really is close to his mom, because he is calculating... reminds me of one… 
Gerard Dabu is a stinkin leftist terrorist.  What did UMKC's Chancellor do after the assault?He attacks the guest… 
J.J. Abrams Confirms The Emperor Returns In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker 
Another eleme… 
I feel like I’m the only one who enjoyed it. I thought it was a fun little horror movie with not m… 
I need friends who are willing to miss a night out to stay in with me  be greedy and watch scary movies  
See they got past that part and they know that it effects him but they don't know about his home plane… 
You must all forgot our own government knowledge of 9–11 was make years before it happen so… 
Yes, from the villain. Didn't realise the villain quotes w… 
Movies. Music. Mayhem. Laura Ellis brought her classic Film Noir stage show to the Fairmont Opera House Friday even… 
To be fair, the LOTR movies were objectively mediocre.Come at me Twitter. 
Denzel has had so many great movies I tend to forget about some of them.  Watching "Out of Time" now, really good movie!! 
Last week on Thursday I started to watch some horror movies cause I was board and finished watching them all yester… 
This has got to be the weirdest flex I've ever seen."I don't watch movies cuz I'm RIIICCCHHH pay attention to me.… 
Just chilling at the house watching some Jean-Claude Van Damme movies. 
I don't go to movies for directors to send me home to do research. I don't want to HAVE to play tie-in games or wat… 
I’m Sikh  and I love dinesh and his movies !!! I was Democrat but since 2015 !! 
is the best thing my eyes have witnessed in a long time. Although I might have a stroke if they don’t m… 
You are missing out on a lot of things people quote from those movies. You should watch them. Just sayin  
White folks in these scary movies piss me off 
I just watched Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015) #trakt 
so now my father is watching noah centineo's movies and he's like "nak tan aw gud ani nindot ba" OMG HAHAHAHAHA 
It’s amazing how much mileage these movies get out of the simple joke of  making normal things small. #NCFCmcu #AvengersEndgame 
My brother and sister said the same about an air duct in the ceiling and a “vampire spider nest.” I’… 
That would be awesome. Let’s go!  I’m celebrating my B-day with a home cooked steak and potato. I’m full. W… 
Once. Like most movies, once is enough. Also, it's a trailer. 
Laugh and quote the same movies all day  that’s bonding for us 
How the hell did #EmperorPalpatine survive an giant fall and a explosion?! Why do these new #StarWars movies make z… 
Something for everyone ... movies for the kids, coffee and cake for the parents  
saw you del lago casino! We laughed so hard ! You were greatlove your movies. Keep on trucking. Please come back. 
Haven't been out or had a drink in 1 week. And I have a casserole in the oven and I'm watching tv and movies. This… 
Being cripplingly sad is wild bc I cry at completely happy endings of movies and have horrible acid reflux 
No kids. Pizza and movies in bed with my baby, best date night  
I hope he's got has retirement saved up because he IS NOT going to make much $$$$ in movies anymore. 
Just want someone to cuddle and watch scary movies with 
This was one of my absolute favorite movies as a kid 10/10 would recommend 
How does the MCU have 22 movies covering one massive story arc over 11 years and STILL seem to have a better sense… 
empire along with the other middle movies are always dark, always the "good guys" go… 
not to be a weirdo but horror movies are beautiful 
The arc of 7-9 is all about cutting ties with the past, while at the same ti… 
Looking at you Buddies and other talking animal related #movies 
'90s movies tricked me into believing we had kick-ass hackers who could &amp; would do things like hijack all news agen… 
And it’s not like they’ve even read the source material. Just TV and movies. 
Family movies need that grounding with a touch of realism. You don’t have to get preachy about it but not everythin… 
Deep breaths! Distract Distract Distract!  Shows Movies Anime! Reddit is also a great distraction for… 
also man like, now that I'm a "professional"I can make this joke again but like, less of a joke this timeI will t… 
How did I not know that there was an Iron Sky version of Star Trek 
There are only 2 truly great SW movies and both were made before 1980. Bringing Palpatine back just shows how littl… 
BLOW IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES EVER THO TELL ME NOT 
I can't handle movies like this HE FLIPPING GOING INTO THE JUNGLE FLIPPING KNOW THERE GONNA BE A JUMP SCARE AND HE… 
if those are unpopular opinions, I don’t want to be popular. strongly agree with all of those. Just got d… 
Netflix's TO ALL THE BOYS I'VE LOVED BEFORE sequel brings back Madeleine Arthur as Christine, also casts Holland Ta… 
What were the movies tho 
Top 5 Horror Movies of All Time [CineFix] #horror: Check out these unique picks for the Top 5 Horror Movies of all… 
I just need to binge all the Ninja Turtle movies then I’ll be alright 
Agree with the LOTR take. Never seen any of the Harry Potter movies??Really?? 
 Your girls’ trips are like those movies 
"Split (2017)" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
It’s all about the music when it comes to horror movies. I always ask myself, would this still be… 
Lucasfilm Is Planning 10 Years Of Movies and The Next Saga After 'The Rise of Skywalker' - Kennedy Suggests She'll… 
They won’t stop making movies. They pay far less there then CA. 
Star Wars 9 plot..Princess Leia goes to the showerHan is in there.Last 2 movies were just a bad drea… 
You should try They upload new episodes and movies. 
I am literally down for anything. You wanna ride around and see if your man is cheating, I’m down. You wanna do fac… 
Same. And I haven’t even liked the movies. 
“no more dead cops” is the line that damns the batman movies 
We’re in the home stretch now. These last 3 movies, starting with Ant-Man and the Wasp tonight, I haven’t seen. So… 
#LittleMovie is one of the funniest movies I’ve seen this year! So thankful for movies like this that teach little… 
I think they were going for an Empire Strikes Back vibe but it didn’t work as well since they already… 
Sign us up! 
This is the same argument my roommate used when she threatened to make up fake allegations against me to get me kic… 
21 or close years ago, My Love and me watched Contact. How many F -In movies  were you in?What a… 
Your new movies are so obviously done for the money. What a prince you are. 
I support Arnold’s Phys Ed program for 5 yr olds. Tire them out before they get home so they don’t drive their parents nuts. #movies 
These poopy movies are finally coming to an end!!!!! Who cares if Rey is a Skywalker... Besides #fanboy 
I love Star Wars and am totally fine with this. I’d also like to see Star Wars movies that are not directed by men… 
My favorite action movies in descending order for some reason1. Mad Max Fury Road2. Terminator: Judgement Day3.… 
I got "You got 12 out of 13 right!"!You Are Truly A Disney Genius If You Know When These Movies Came Out… 
THE MEG scribes Jon &amp; Erich Hoeber to pen live-action/animated MIGHTY MOUSE movie for Paramount Animation… 
I just noticed movies I’ve been missing for a few years are movies with Brad Pitt in them. I have some kind of Brad Pitt loving ghost thief 
Have you seen the Piranha movies? They are excruciatingly bad. You’ll love em.  
I love the fact that so many shows and movies are releases in sync around the globe. It makes the Web feel… 
 I've never seen #changling Two movies I've never seen! Great night! 
I only went to the movies 2 times this year and I'm ready to go back again‼ 
I feel like it’s at the heart of why they dislike the latest movies. Because what’s really different ot… 
Had to put parental controls on tv to stop my mom from accidentally buying on demand movies. So far$20 spent on crap movies. 
Every time I watch any of the Toy Story movies since having kids... 
How 'So I Married an Axe Murderer' Bombed But Became a Classic Anyway #Movies #TV 
one thing about me. I will go after to eat, movies or whatever BY MYSELF . I’m proud of me  
Same, I’m tired of these movies doing 5 trailers and adding things everytime so nothing is really a sur… 
When I was little I moved around a lot and the one reliable thing you had in common with other kids was you all pro… 
Really just witnessed someone plugging in there phone at the movies ..... I’ve seen it all  
I don’t watch those kinds of movies for reasons. 
Grief is hard- especially for kids. We recently had a visit from former clients who came to Harmony House to remini… 
Keegan-Michael Key, Phylicia Rashad, Anika Noni Rose &amp; Madalen Mills join Forest Whitaker in Netflix holiday musica… 
incidentally two of the other biggest mistakes i've ever made also involve movies on airplanes-watching Your Name… 
Carrie Fisher in Her Final Movie Role, See Her Emotional Scene in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker 
It wasn’t my favorite but I did enjoy it  I’m just grateful they make so many movies 
From first love to first heartbreak, and everything in-between. 
Yeah this year is wild with awesome movies. Hopefully you like them all. 
That movie was surprisingly awesome. It gave me the same feeling as watching Harry Potter for the firs… 
It was one of the most visually stunning movies I’ve ever seen. 
Yeah, real life is far scarier. Far scarier indeed.  I find when horror movies or books stick to som… 
Top Horror Movies That Made People Sick in the Theaters #horror: Check out this list of horror movies that the news… 
This is why I have to be a little inquisitive as to WHY people hate the new Star Wars movies. There's a lot of man-… 
What convinced you to follow me? — You seemed like you had good taste in movies 
CAPTAIN MARVEL IS LITERALLY ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES IVE EVER SEEN WE LOVE FIERCE WOMEN 
you really need to give us a way to have watching the credits to our shows and movies in their entirety as the default move. 
I’m no Eddie lover but this is a weird tweet. He is actually just doing his job on a plane trip rath… 
I’ve seen some dumb movies in my time, but #TheSilence is probably one of the worst ever. The amount of plot holes… 
This fool always finds good movies  I’m not complaining thou  
Nope. It’s why I have to rewatch the movies before I see the latest. 
Sweet The Changeling. One of the best haunted house movies ever. #TheLastDriveIn 
Do you think we give a damn what that lunatic says we remember what they've done that's why we will… 
THE BIG C alum Gabriel Basso lands lead role in Ron Howard-directed #film adaptation of HILLBILLY ELEGY, joining Am… 
Shoutout to all the cops in movies who lick cocaine to find out if it's cocaine. 
if i start watching the marvel movies starting from phase 1 today will i be able to finish it in time for the endgame? JSJSHSBS 
#Movie "The Graffiti Artist" (2004) 
I don't have Plex, I used to, but now not sure how it works since I don't download movies 
My 5 year old cousin Taylor just told me she has to watch “Dr. Pimple Popper” videos or Barbie movies so that she c… 
STOP #2LOL &amp; Creating MemoriesCute little movieHappy Birthday Movie, from the GrandGirls — watching Little… 
found this photo, the other day while going through some old movies I was cleaning up and can't bel… 
We need to bring back competently filmed, well paced, adequately performed family #movies that both kids &amp; parents can enjoy #film 
Disney announced their Disney+ streaming launch date &amp; price. My question to you is this:If you're the parent of… 
I haven’t watched one of his movies since he expressed his hatred for our President. I’m sure the ot… 
Thought I'd head over to the Red Box and pick out a couple of movies so I can take my mind off (for a few hours at… 
This was an epic movie. How is this not a bigger deal. More movies like this please. #Deathgasm 
Their 3 "ending movies" getting better &amp; better. Have some super sick ending combineing the old and new… 
i love Harmony Korine, his movies make me want to do better in school and treat women with respect 
LRT I kinda think about Legend of the Guardians way more than I should?? It's not great, but it's one of the most b… 
You’re Totally Correct! I feel blessed to have read most of Chris Hedges books, his articles from TruthDig plus see… 
if putting power rangers in movies means getting actors that can wield their weapons in such an epic… 
No movies tonight.. my ass is tired af 
Let's revisit that awesome TV spot! 
Just say the word  #SHAZAM! is NOW PLAYING! Get tickets now: #MakeItICONIC 
Amber Heard Details Alleged Abuse by 'Monster' Johnny Depp as He Calls Her Claims a 'Hoax' 
I have one question. In zombie tv shows and movies, do they have zombie movies and tv shows in that universe. Or ar… 
1990 was a busy year for Arnold. Total Recall came out 6 months earlier &amp; #Terminator 2 started filming 4 months la… 
He thinks he’s tough guy Jake LaMotta...taken one fake punch too many to his head. W… 
Also there are entire 2.5 hour movies with not even a black extra deep in the farthest background. So y… 
Once Rhodes gets injured, you basically lose all of the bathos that Marvel movies are known for. 
What scare's you the most in either #horror #books, #movies, or shows? I wish the Twitter polls came with more choi… 
THE DEAD ZONE and THE FLY are the two most heartbreaking movies. 
We can stop supporting him by not watching his movies or TV! He will then shut-up if half of America… 
Who watches movies on cable? 
If we are talking creepy ass movies, u gotta watch this thing. Michael Caine bangs his best friends t… 
Remember air travel in the #90s so much leg room in economy class. This is what I get out of watching Kindergarten Cop #movies 
Kirk Douglas, 102, Enjoys Backyard Camping in a Tent: He Is 'Such an Inspiration' 
for some reason Im emotionally hurting  myself with horror movies and giving myself fear 
The Lion King Remake's Problem Is That It Isn't Promising Anything New The Lion King rem… 
I'm pretty hopeful for Star Wars IX, my biggest fear is that JJ's movies tend to start much, much stronger than the… 
X-Men is my favorite Marvel property and I feel like they haven't done the franchise justice with any of the movies… 
I am honestly impressed by how many people are going with "how can Palpatine be alive??" As tho ghosts have not app… 
I love bad movies too! U can usually guess who's going to die. It's always the guy who's being the biggest… 
Scrolling through the featured movies on Netflix shows you how much Disney Plus is going to sting 
The Fifth Element is one of the most underrated movies of all time. 
Has anyone seen Snakes on a Plane? I'm thinking I might be starting to like snakey movies. 
Just spent 30 bucks on pizza so they will take my movies back to avoid late fees 
She doesn't like Tony Stark/Iron Man at all tbh. Which is why she didn't care for any of the three Ir… 
I got Lena ehh I recently watched both movies, the first one was better than the second, pretty cliche tho 
what do the movies have against guys named Han solo?  two of them are dead now. 
Seriously how am I meant to watch all the marvel movies if The Hulk and Captain America: Civil War a… 
thank you for making the best movies ever  
If you wrote books there did you find out why some many of the rural houses had clothesli… 
Brittany Hill’s girl’s night at the movies! 
Kind of Glad I never got around to reading the book first because Wow!!! I'm still planning on reading the book jus… 
My favorite line of the #movies “I’m the pahty poopah” after he shoots up the seedy club #buzzedmovies #classic 
The official title for the new 'Star Wars' is 'The Rise of Skywalker'; first trailer unveiled 
Finally, a trailer and title: "The Rise of Skywalker."   
7 Days in Hell (2015)  #trakt 
I am watching that Anacondas movie.I love watching these terrible movies, but only because I like to guess which o… 
Did you know that the Blade Runner movies are the same franchise as the Predators &amp; Alien franchise?  
Me and Natara have been watching horror movies for the last... Month, everyday.How do we sleep?! 
Arnold’s blood-curdling scream:2 shots vodka (Oregon if you have it)Splash of sweet vermouth Splash of Campari… 
These movies make Hollywood millions, are entertaining, however, they’re shallow and purposeless. 
bumps their prices and just released their streaming starting at $6.99 per month. Disney owns… 
The 10 Highest Grossing Movies Of All Time 
Upcoming Disney Movies: Full List Of Titles And Release Dates 
KEEP IN MIND HES 13 so he doesn’t really know that there are other movies outside of horror and action ones 
if a show fails to hook me in after the 1st or 2nd ep, i usually don't bother watching itsame for movies. if i ge… 
I dunno who needs to hear this but it’s okay to say no this weekend, it’s okay to take care of you, to lay out and… 
Usually I reserve horror movies for Sunday, but tonight I’m digging into this 90’s movie called Relic. It is redonk… 
I agree, marvel movies are amazing (Not so much captain marvel). Alita is just s… 
By the by this was 1 of 3 Arnold #comedy #movies that Ivan Reitman directed: Twins and Junior were the other two. 
I know I’m gonna have to see it but I hate horror movies so I’ve been waiting 
They prolly did that to hold him and get information to build a case against Holder..... that’s just what infer fro… 
Al the scamming of movies and music over the years dead ass broke... I can’t imagine what rich people can get with money? Smh 
I put a colander on the coffee table with all the movies on it. It was Iron Man 2 day and she was watching Age of Ultron. 
Apartment to myself for the weekend = watching 80’s movies that make me sobSomewhere In Time, specifically 
   Get all You will get lots more tv movies get to.  Barney Miller Lots more DC &amp; Marvel C… 
Oh look a shopping mall  I believe this same mall was in commando among other movies. Oh &amp; way to look low key Ar… 
Thank you for passing along this story. #JohnnyDepp is so brave &amp; is inspiring other v… 
Marvel and Star wars spin off I don't care about. Only the movies matter. Mic drop boom baby 
Watching Star Wars with my boy.Because these movies are all about healthy father-son relationships.#FridayNight 
Of all of the ones being re-done in life action: probably the only one I didn’t think really needed r… 
Let me in / Let the right one in,  both great movies 
Omg!!! Crazy movie!! You should watch hereditary. It’s wild!!! I live for fucked up movies and this is one of them 
It's ok. It has the Clancy-like feel of all the movies based on his books, but the over… 
Watching M:I Fallout and Fury Road just makes me ask why all action movies cannot be like these, shiny and chrome, perfect in every way. 
I check into the cinema to watch Missing Link and Duo Lingo sends a notification like, ‘bitch why you at the movies… 
Super creepy, loved it. Only problem I had was the dude with the camera was a douche, like so many movies like this 
The 5 Best Wireless Headphones For Watching Movies (At 5 Different Price Points) 
I’m not much of a novel reader, but Dune has always been one of those movies that I keep telling myself I need to watch. 
So, the Godzilla movies are pretty cool. Plus, they totally nailed the Black Hole. 
The 5 Best Wireless Headphones For Watching Movies (At 5 Different Price Points) The abil… 
Couples in horror movies are doomed from the moment they try to keep their haunted house a secret. Why would you ev… 
When you find inspiration in your daughter’s Disney movies  
There just always so much to unpack worth a new #starwars clip.#studyingstarwars //Here's why you recognise that… 
Stuck at Disney world with five year old grandson and all we can get are damn Disney movies.   T… 
Here's when it'll take place. 
Andrew and I were just carded at the movies to make sure we were 17 
man the cartoon is phenomenal, it basically gives younger Obi-Wan and Anakin t… 
The Netflix Motley Cru movies is meh. The best part is Ramsay Bolton and even then he’s just ok. 
That was my mom when I threatened to not take her to Endgame when she was watching movies out of order 
I’ll watch it. I have enjoyed these Disney live action movies but I’m hardly losing my marbles over it. 
I was a jaded cynic about the HP books because I really thought the writing of the first two was pr… 
  Get all now for long time Keep rest Star Trek Movies to HD Love NCIS  I am mostly home l… 
Stuffing my face with Taco Bell and watching movies with my best friend forever gbye 
In honor of Record Store Day tomorrow, I’m watching one of my favorite record store movies ever. Great scenes with… 
I'm watching The Invitation (2015) #trakt 
My husband dowsnt understand that the best partof movies is identify every extra and discuss where we have seen them 
You may be forgetting Man of Steel followed on a downward spirally ser… 
I’m wondering if people who know more about Star Wars than what’s in the movies would be surprised t… 
Vampires are like the best indictment in any decade of what whites people think is counter culture.Also we dont t… 
Watching Bustin’ Loose one of my favorite movies! 
Damn before the movies good times 
1/2  Similarities between films are generally observed by viewers/fans- not generall… 
I need movies... 
look at me i got money look at me i got money i dont like nerd movies btw i have money guys look youre por… 
Brey will pull out the ratchet on u over underrating movies 
Business meeting coming up? Take your team to the movies! 
Drew the T1000 from Terminator 2 last night #Movies #TV 
Also say what you will but the Sahara stage is absolutely breathtaking and I’d live on the grass in front of it and watch movies 
The saber fights in the movies be letting me down 
Beginning April 15, actors and will be spending a lot of time in Utah. 
I need me someone that’s into movies and blunts 
Cuphead for switch and I hope the best buy direct was right about Persona 5. For new games, I'm lookin… 
Henry: I'm going to take a pic of him and send it to himMelissa: no!! It has to be organic. Like our eyes need to… 
can we watch movies and cuddle please (:( 
Yes, brother. The Clock should be mentioned in the same breath as other all-time classic love movies, but… 
I'm the biggest sucker for cheesy high school based movies. The Perfect Date on Netflix just made me cry. Bye. 
Spectacular! If not for Star Trek, my understanding of temporal mechanics would come entirely from Terminator movies. 
As a huge Star Wars nerd and Someone who has loved all the new movies....that’s extremely lack l… 
Yo #FilmTwitter do you prefer going the movies opening night with a sold out crowd? Or a nearly empty matinee? 
I hope they redeem the last two movies with this one 
Sally Field is a genius. Her performance in that hilarious Soapdish movie was in… 
Sometimes being an adult means drinking wine while watching Barbie movies 
the best of the Batman movies, imo 
Check to see if it is available via digital services first. There is a fairly large number of movies and… 
About to see Pet Sematary        Review to come#horror #stephenking #movies 
My man is mad at me bc I don’t want to watch Freddy vs Jason with him  I DONT LIKE SCARY MOVIES GFHUDBKLDAH 
This is an excellent article about Mr. Cusack’s iconic character. Fans will enjoy this (via 
Also does the Raza curse apply to movies? So like you saying it’s bad means it’s actually gonna be great? 
Either are we!  Don’t bother making anymore movies. No one will care 
It’s so long, I’d honestly stick to the movies 
Although every Netflix exclusive is not "original" to their service, what Netflix provides is accessibility. Where… 
#Movie "Wiggle Room" (2011) 
Has to make 9 more movies about giant Smurfs first... 
Time for horror movies and a cup (or two or three) of tea. Surely, those two things can keep me going long enough to make some progress. 
Theory: jj abrams is a failed clone of George Lucas and that’s why he needs to keep retreading more successful Star Wars movies 
Well I must confess that I do like some science fiction and I am a Star Wars fan. I  loved Star Wars: A New Hope wh… 
Horrible ass graphics. Like Jeepers Creepers 1 &amp; 2 was one of the best movies out of its kind and t… 
Yeah, and the weird thing is Lucas talked way more about Samurai movies than Westerns.  The two gen… 
Wow people will really complain over anything 
The main idea in most of those movies was to find the princess a prince so she could take his last nam… 
Hear me out guys                                   The phantom menace=the force awakens, decent movies some cool pa… 
I have slept 3 hours in the last 2 days and my awful husband has me watching #Halloween knowing damn well I don’t handle scary movies.  
Watch or listen to me chat about Nerdy Fitness which includes nerdy and fitness stuff like workouts, comida, musica… 
I brought my 9 Yr old cousin &amp; 13 yr old sister to the movies let’s see how this goes we been driving all around stl trynna see #LittleMovie 
Movies or video games? 
It's full of political correctness. It's relevancy is a series of hyperbolic stances on e… 
Enjoy a family day out at the movies with Dumbo! Book online now! 
and drive in movies. #TheLastDriveIn 
I love his movies so much...  
I’m just so content sitting on my couch, watching movies, smoking &amp; eating snacks  
If anyone has any Netflix movies that make them cry I’ll gladly take suggestions! 
i’m kailyn, an illustrator who doesn’t watch movies so shrek 2 is best by default, also i make cute stuff 
thank you! even for Harry Potter, I quit reading after the 4th book and only finished th… 
the best thing about renting DVDs from the library is watching previews for movies from 2007 that everyone completely forgot about 
Literally how everyone in my theater was like! There has to… 
I used to regularly watch interesting movies. Time to do that again, and see what this one is all about 
I can’t name too many movies better than Malcolm X 
Are Nicolas Cage movies terrible because he's in them? Or is Nicolas Cage in movies because they are terrible? 
That's why they're my "go to" movies. Very wholesome. 
It's never like the Movies is it? 
Cinematic science fiction surpassed this bullshit decades ago.  Albert Pyun movies like NEMESIS are more i… 
Jacob Anderson Talks Diversity on 'Game of Thrones' Game of Thrones is very white. That's the truth! Like most main… 
Except instead of it being Palpatine's ghost, I think he found a way to survive. I think Palpatine… 
"Sholay" is now #478 out of 2070 movies on my Flickchart! via 
Yep that’s infinity war  Have fun! Some of the best movies ever are in that cinematic universe! 
If you watch any Jackie Chan movies you will always find some kick ass… 
And despite that, I'm 90% sure it's just gonna be two minute flashback or vision and the Palpatine laugh is just to… 
eddie’s million dollar cook-off was one of my favorite disney movies 
They used to remake movies and TV shows by just recasting the same characters, but now they want to kill off the or… 
Yeah ok, the military flies Chinooks above all who "tell stories." Comic book sales are… 
Now food &amp; the movies  
5 great movies to watch on Netflix this weekend - INSIDER - 
Klafke Filmes is a Brazilian producer based in the city of Rio de Janeiro. To see the movies just visit the channel… 
Nat visiting Cap after the funeral. Again, their brother/sister relationship is one of my favorite things about these movies. 
I will never tire of John Wick movies. 
She is first generation so she missed most movies from 2010 on when we started dating and I made her watch so many movies 
Episode 87: "The Force is Strong With This One" via #WATCH #RiseOfTheSkywalker… 
This Man is a legend! I like all the #western movies He’s starred in. #KirkDouglas, the real deal. 
Hi, Why do I get options,good movies,series,etc immediately in app in my iPad Pro but when I turn my  on and… 
My family loves all your movies they’re fantastic 
I won't say much about the new "Star Wars" movies.  All my favorite characters were already dead before episode 7,… 
World of Dance Season 3: Contestants in The Cut - Oprah Mag 
You only play a tough guy in the movies a$$holeSo what are you going to do??And… 
I’m admittedly too lazy to look this up so can someone tell me if Disney+ is going to have all the made for TV Disn… 
I wanna go out to the movies 
Nah we have a list of movies that I shouldve seen but never did 
Friday Night...Copying over all of my movies to the server folders. 
Scary movies and chill &gt;&gt; 
Kapil Sibal should produce animated movies to defame Modi effectively ! 
Irish couple's controversial film about #abortion to screen at #WhiteHouse - 
I'm convinced that these live action remakes of our childhood Disney movies is happening because some early Millenn… 
I unashamedly LOVE dirty dancing Havana nights! My family thinks I’m crazy  Have you… 
Had a crisis of decisionmaking tonight and ended up with one of the best movies of all-time 
my wife, Dr. Tisha Brooks at loves writing papers about the themes of Travel, Mobility, Slavery… 
I agree. What if I watched a couple of the Star Wars movies but wasn't that into them, though liked s… 
If we ain't busting no move tonight, I'm on the game, I ain't in the mood no way, where the low-key freaky dope wom… 
I'm sure episode 9 wont be a total disaster it's not like the last 3 movies weren't rehashes and sjw festivals 
80's movies are the absolute best! 
But, like, didn't the Chancellor die in Chapter III, only to then replaced by the Emperor in the next three movies? 
The first one or second one? Michael Pena is the best part of both movies 
I remember having to watch Netflix's Death Note movie in shifts because it was so hard to get through... They serio… 
2019 going be great year for movies indeed. Aladdin for my Birthday, not sure about nephew/my half birthday and new… 
has a new episode out now! One of the hosts Annie brings us through a few historical stories and mov… 
1) I love going to the movies!2) My favorite actor? Tie between Travis Fimmel, Clayne Crawford, Chr… 
The first Avengers movie. One of my favorite movies. 
I think what makes these movies good is that as a sequel trilogy, you need to be able to tie in thing… 
To be fair it's all subjective. I don't really like TLJ myself but it's not fair to immediate… 
What movies did worse after #BatmanVSuperman (if $800m + is considered… 
Netflix is spending about a $B per year on original movies and shows, probably 2/3 of which flop 
I miss so much on the first viewing of marvel movies. Probably the wine... 
Should we be worried? 
The intense teaser of Episode IX Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker has dropped. 
I'm watching The Kid Who Would Be King (2019) #trakt 
Myself too MB fan, but his acting/movies are letting down again and again  
Empire Records is on my top 5 movies 
The writing for every character in AOU is really bad. Everyone is unrecognizable from the other movies. A… 
#WatchYourself &amp; reserve your seats for now playing: #MakeItICONIC 
Funnest part for me: Quzzing him by naming characters he's played in movies &amp; TV shows (and it's A LOT) to see if h… 
Also if we’re going to do high school movies, please at least consult with someone who has been in high school in the last decade. 
Fun list! 
My boyfriend is the only person in the world that I know that decides to go to the movies at 9AM on a Saturday!!! L… 
Love going to movies!Fav actor  too many to nameFav movie "Home Alone"Last Movie  "Creed 2" 
Mani/pedi for my mini with Disney movies. Perfect friday night. 
Disney Will Take A Hiatus On Star Wars Movies After This Year - 
send me to the looney bin if you ever catch me watching madea movies 
I stopped watching Star Wars movies when I walked out of the theater after 45 seconds of Jar Jar B… 
‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled 
Damn. That bums me out. Still seeing it this weekend. At there’s the comics and the other movies. I bo… 
Me after The Last Jedi: I'm done with Star Wars movies.Me after The Rise of Skywalker trailer: ALL ABOARD THE HYP… 
Night Of The Lepus: Movie Review - Killer Animal Movie -  #exploitation #grindhouse #movies #WTvF #weird #cultcinema 
Just imagine in 25 years when they remake all the Harry Potter Movies 
Why is there a political ad from the American Petroleum Institute playing in the movie theater? I didn’t come to th… 
Now i can’t stop thinking about Disney movies! Everyone tell me your  favorites! 
Bro i have no words after this.The Karate Kid: Daniel is the REAL Bully [J. Matthew Movies, Ep 3] via 
Virginia Wins NCAA Men’s Basketball Title, Beating Texas Tech In Overtime - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Robert De Niro played tough guy in his movies, so now he thinks he is actually one of them. 
While we wait for the final season, here are some new #GameofThrones photos that show Daenerys already in Winterfel… 
I think there are movies out already on the 2 Witnesses though I haven't seen any.I know on youtu… 
I just wanna chill, eat pizza watch movies sip wine...kinda night. 
If there's anything I've learned from movies, it's that throwing someone off the edge of a cliff never really kills them. 
I saw "The Wiz" a long time ago.  These black girls were all excited and yelling, "Sing it girl!"… 
I’m about to go watch a bunch of movies and see if this holds lol  
Hahahahah  check out the trailers they are both interesting movies 
I like these. They are all like, "If the monsters from 1950s giant mutant animal movies attacked us today and no on… 
Chris Hemsworth Doesn't Know If Thor Survives #AvengersEndgame - 
I must be the only teacher who doesn't show movies.  Like ever.  #TeacherProblems 
I haven't seen any Star Wars movies since TFA, and I saw that movie once and still regretted it. I've long accepted… 
Fifi should’ve hung out with Shirley at the movies instead!  
Could we do a trust bus to the movies...  
#Movie "Silent Cry Aloud" (2015) 
You know after the movies are done a Finn and Poe adventure movie/series would be very awesome. 
10 Cult Sci-Fi Movies About Environmental Revenge 
How did I miss these amazing movies #irumbuthirai  #ImmaikkaaNodigal - I’m so glad has them streaming w… 
How artists can use culture to help stop #ClimateChange:Start writing novels and movies that take place in the cli… 
Many years it was free to watch televison, now we pay. I love my movies and Netflix. You are such a great writer. 
Am I the only one that doesn't understand why so many people are making such a big deal about Avengers End Game bei… 
Watching Lifetime movies. 
Aquaman and Shazam were good movies though unlike josstice league. Plus most likely they're releasing the Snyder cut 
A few choices either way could totally change the tone of various themes threaded through the first two movies in r… 
This is a hard one, but if I really stop to think about it, two movies might be The Changeling and Jane… 
i love these movies 
So my fellow #mutants what's your guess on the movies today !#TheLastDriveIn 
So you don’t watch rugby league and Aussie rules, soccer etc with all the women attacked by sportsmen,… 
Pleasae tell me about the new Star Wars movies when you get the chance. 
FX Network and Freeform to Share ‘Family Guy’ Broadcast Rights - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I liked TLJ and none of the other Disney stuff. But I think the (inevitable, in retrospect) corpora… 
When people talk shit about Star Wars movies.STFU and stop fucking complaining. #StarWars #StarWarsIX 
So i recently watched the unicorn store and.. wellIt's really preachy and confusing- the sort of stuff that moder… 
These are the worst kind of people honestly. How dare we get excited for a truly important piece of art that's had… 
1st off I LOVE your movie theater. Best game I’ve ever been to. As you can see I saw a ton of movi… 
// One of my favorite movies! 
It came out in January, Chuck, the time when all of the Midwest was Hoth. It was either go to the movi… 
Watched too much fictional tv / movies.  He is in LaLa Land 
I adore star wars and have been following the saga and external content for years nowBut no joke Th… 
I just wanna get home to cuddle and watch movies w/ Manny &amp; Soleil  
Why are DCEU &amp; Zack Snyder haters so damn ignorant?Man of Steel &amp; BVS are amazingly brilliant film… 
They do tho?? That’s what the “A Star Wars Story” movies have been.This is the mainline movies. Leia… 
J.J. Abrams Teases New Force Abilities For Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
I've felt this way the last couple years. I really hate myself before for shitting on it so much. It's one… 
I can't stand him anymore. I used to love his movies...he ruined it! 
Exactly what I said to my son Eddie. Almost looks like something from 1960's or othe… 
so with the star wars hype back in the rise i want to announce my account as a pro shipping zone! im not biased for… 
Yes as someone who watches 100 Hallmark movies a year that is a true statement 
While our illustrious candidate focuses on the people his opponent makes jokes about mediocre movies… 
These movies will never make sense. TFA &amp;TLJ take place over like a one week period and somehow… 
Never witnessed anyone become so unhinged and demonstrate such uncontrollable rage in my life oth… 
I'm not.  With how he's behaved, I wouldn't be surprised if he put in things to intentionally piss of… 
Honestly, I would love to get some suggestions for 80s themed #cyberpunk #movies, #anime, #artwork, etc. I've been… 
'The Chaperone' Makes Phoenix Debut Author: Ben CahlamerClick to here to read --&gt; -… 
I meant more that people who are screaming about the new movies ruining their childhood are terrible 
!!! I learned about this cause my dad's friend works for movies, but with cgi, you have to make it da… 
But unpredictability is not of high importance to me in selecting movies 
Like... If you don't like the new movies, don't watch them. And don't watch the trailer and say "THIS MOVIE MAKES N… 
Yes. I’m not a good critic of the movies. I love Star Wars everything, bad directing/bad acting &amp; all!  
I'm sorry I'm so tired all these fake Shemar Moore's hit me up for Stuff it's not funny all I want to do is talk to… 
I disagree. Lakers ditched on Randle and Russell to get ready for LBJ free agency. Yeah the front of… 
Hard to recommend horror movies to a horror buff but if you haven’t already, watch Eden Lake or Calvaire! 
If they bring back palpatine they basically invalidate the entire point of a… 
i might fuck around and waste 3 hours by watching both of these movies tonight 
did I spend 10 minutes explaining the friday the 13th movies to my mom? yesdid she care? not reallydid she stil… 
Oh no!  We may have to wait longer for new scrappy movies!  Lol.  Who cares? 
Standing Water/oceans. I can't play games that take place underwater. Movies where I can tell its actu… 
I too have never seen an assortment of famous and popular movies that everyone tells me I should see 
This is exactly one of my biggest gripes regarding these movies. 
At the movies babe! 
That's one of the most baffling parts of the entire franchise. The movies are replete with… 
My mother noted that modern American movies have gotten away from the convention of having English spoken with an a… 
How can you find the other movies Google tagged as “propaganda”? Or is there none other? 
I've just been disappointed too many times by Star Wars. Marvel usually makes movies I personally like 
Looking forward to seeing this movie as I seen all the Star Wars movies. 
Watching the original (1989) Pet Cemetery with my 14 year old daughter....showing her how old people had horror movies...lol! 
Hate to admit, as much as I enjoy movies, somehow I've never seen it. 
why is every young black man on netflix movies gay .....? 
Tell me more! There's a "Grease "prequel titled 'Summer Loving' in the works 
My Top 10 rewatchable movies:Singin’ in the RainWhite ChristmasIt’s a Wonderful LifePaths of GloryNorth by No… 
Marvel’s history with animated movies is not good.  DC is much better at this. 
Wine, pizza and movies #fridaynight 
I was actually scared they’d give the Oscar to one of the Disney movies. Glad they came to their senses. This movie was stellar! 
Dance Movies #DirtyDancingHavannaNights #StepUpSeries #Footloose #YouGotServed 
Why the fuck is Palpatine back? It doesn't make any sense, and I know, we haven't seen the movie yet, but still.… 
Hey, Robert what are you going to do, make us watch one of your bad movies w/o any popcorn?       ] 
22 years old and I’m home alone on a Friday, watching lifetime movies ... is this what getting old feels like ?! 
The enigma partially explained. 
Almost everything in cable television and film has changed since Ted Turner launched Turner Classic Movies in 1994.… 
One of the reasons Avengers will rock the box office is that they have NO COMPETITION WHATSOEVER - scrolling throug… 
I guess you don't know how different people process shock, showing your lack of empathy.Some people… 
LOVE AT THE MOVIES #TCMFF 2019 
Movies movies and more movies #Suggestions?? 
 So many great movies back then. 
So... #hellboy.TheDel Toro movies were better. That’s kinda obvious.But this was a pretty fun romp all the same… 
Watching horror movies in the dark &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Dear Internet: Miss me with your cynicism this weekend. You don’t have to care about the space wizard movies or the… 
We're feeling quite compelled by some force to rewatch the Star Wars movies now, so that's what we'll be doing toni… 
This person does not know that women can be in movies, let alone direct them. 
Maybe, but I'm not one to binge movies. 
Damn they still making Star Wars movies 
I loved Tron2.0, great game. Hahaha, Ooe of the first things I look in a PC game is how easy it is to acc… 
1 time for the home team and #love to our Black women and daughters. #salute guavaislandofficial littlethemovie… 
At this point we’re just gonna change our name to “movies for sale” 
I’m slowing finding out these movies were actually made for the parents 
I feel bad for people who never watched the star war movies 
Wear gloves cuz movies always get that wrong. 
Heading to the movies this weekend? Read our latest batch o' reviews first  
"I Watched Two Movies Which Means That I, A Man, Am An Expert On Female Representation In Media"top tier galaxy brain video 
Madonna to Perform in Israel for Eurovision Song Contest - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I like his movies as Chris’s they are .... to all the boys I’ve loved b4 and that Sierra is loser one 
I was let down as well. You need the Jedi in the movies they are the core of the story. 
It should already be assumed that it… 
I could only imagine watching your movies on that tv 
CircaWaves - Movies [08:16] 
Elisabeth Moss Officially Boards Universal-Blumhouse’s ‘The Invisible Man’; Leigh Whannell is writing, directing ,… 
I already forgot to go to his movies for years 
No not on Hollywood movies pls 
The Mummy (1999) is one of the best adventure movies of the last 30 years and I will die on that hill. 
I’ve heard of one of those movies an… 
I just wanted to go to the movies tonight but no one wanted to go. 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer May Spoil A Major Rey Reveal - 
Let's be real: movies based on Tales From Jabba's Palace, or a Tales from Mos Eisley Cantina, or Tales of the Bount… 
Ian McDiarmid Reacts To #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer - 
Rian Johnson Loved The Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Trailer - 
God bless you and thanks for some really great movies.  Gotta love a hockey lady 
Hey! I love the Marx brothers. Day at the races-“ica cream, get your tooty a frooty ice cream”. Karl Ma… 
I love the original 3 movies, and I've seen episodes VII and VIII, Rogue, and Solo, but this is a no go f… 
One of my top ten movies! I never not watch when it’s on! 
I had a hard time today. I cried on my drive to go to the movies with friends. It hits me hard about the reality of… 
I love Kevin Hart in movies 
Just had a conversation about the best #vampire movies. So hard to choose! Each are amazing. I decided on Dracula D… 
Rian ruined it to be accurate, I wasn’t hyped for TLJ as I was… 
I mean so many shows and movies have already done that. If they redid He-man it could go against th… 
Ok I’m not watching any of his movies, ever 
With all this talk of Disney expansion and movies, I’d like to propose a new movie with a new superhero for the Dis… 
#Movie "The Intervention" (2016) 
I need a date night with good conversation, movies, and cuddling  
If left alone, I watch horror movies and spooky videos 
If they were just gonna rehash the first 3 movies couldn't they just give us Luke, Leia and Han as the… 
It's nice to know you can be in three Z grade home movies and still call yourself an… 
Well informed in the  dealings of RMurdoch. He was undoubtedly in his "… 
For one night and one night only, #PhilInTheBlank is back! sat down with #Huskers to… 
They were making bombs left and right so they just bought the movies that were doing well. So it's f… 
The Submersivable Design is as Simple as the Movies.I like Machete and My Grandson likes Spy Kids " It all works out ". 
I still don’t believe it and you cant prove it will happen till it does. Thats how time works once its… 
 I’ve been waiting for this for a long time I just wanna day I wish you the best frfr you was right… 
It probably wasn’t even planned when they started making ep 9. And im 99% sure palpatine… 
Walking out of work on a Friday like... #CaptainMarvel - now playing: 
Like, JJ had one vision and the RJ was just like "...nah I don't wanna do that, we're doing something else." And no… 
Good movies on Netflix....go! 
Disney+ will be getting money from me bc if anyone knows me well enough knows I’m down to watch Disney movies at any time of the day!!!! 
Only time I’ll watch a scary movie is if I’m laid up and BARLEY that. I reallyyy don’t fw scary movies. 
Our cultural in bollywood It would say in our own movies our culture is far far away 
Have to agree. Both RO and Solo were fantastic. While there are things from 7 and 8 that I've enjoyed,… 
The biggest mistake the sequels made was not giving JJ Abrams (or one person in general, didn't have to be JJ) comp… 
Great tune! My first cassette of was Constrictor. Bought it at Kmart, I've bee… 
I will forever be a staunch believer that the Star Wars Expanded Universe will forever be superior to the pathetic… 
SHREK IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES  
Guess I’ll go to the movies alone cause Quana cancelled at the last minute  
Dr Strangelove is on in a few minutes. This is probably the movie that made me take movies seriously. It's a work o… 
if the fast and furious franchise can have eight goddamn movies, David can sure as shit play hellboy again. It's all i'm sayin'. 
I liked the teaser for Star Wars #TheRiseofSkwywalker. But then again I've enjoyed all the new Star Wars movies tha… 
thanks so much for DIVIDING the country further with your "mean girl" list of MOVIES and SHOWS to patronize. Way to GO! 
Does have any Easter family movies? 
Arguably one of the most underrated kids movies. Excellent choice  
And what about sithS on The episode 3 title? They always talk about "the sith" or "The jedi" in the movies 
A Hollywood tough guy who played tough guys in movies and believes he’s really a tough guy... delusional 
I'm so mad Ian made us late for the movies!! Kmt. 
Last night was our second gig of 2019 - Movies in the Park at Rushton Park, Kelmscott.  Hope everyone had fun and e… 
They’re not all standalone though. Franchise movies that all belong to the same universe explicitl… 
We literally just bought candy at 5 below and then we go to the movies and the girl asked if we had food in our bag… 
How many times will post-apocalyptic shows and movies copy the grocery store scene in 28 Days Later? 
"Ad:" 12 TOSHIBA HD-DVD MOVIES AND 1 HD DVD MOODY BLUES CONCERT Fantasy: FlyingTr 
Movies ? .. 
Kathleen Kenedy is in charge of the movie franchise. Shes the one who greenlits movies… 
I’m a fan of classic movies. 
Aside from the “A Star Wars Story” movies the new mainline movies have been shit. I’ll keep my hopes at the bare minimum. 
Finally done with the big spring cleaning and the new setup I’ll be leaving up for a long time. It’s tiring being a… 
This is game changing for Hollywood. It would mean that Marvel movies dominante the top two movie mar… 
Negatory. Honestly there are only a handful of Marvel movies I rewatch consistently. My hat is off to anyone who does, though 
you know how lucrative comic book movies can be. Can you help my friend get his… 
Meet Joe Black (1998)One of the strangest movies I’ve ever seen 
Big big fan of the source material. Felt both deltoro movies had SOME great visu… 
It’s not great, but I don’t think it’s bad enough to explain its box office performanc… 
I enjoyed your memoir so much. The family stuff hit especially hard - I still haven't worked out whate… 
9TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
This movie has some of the most beautiful animation I've ever seen, I really wish more movies like i… 
Let’s keep the Momentum going! Come hang out with us next Saturday for the Tickets ar… 
Love his movies but its obvious the dude is suffering from TDS lol... 
You want to know how they can make good movies in the future? They could start by canonizing the Legend… 
Disney execs: HOW do we milk this franchise for it's worth in nostalgia?*a Guy surfs in on a wave of cash*Guy:… 
"Pandas (2018)" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
Are you excited??? #framingjohndelorean #delorean #backtothefuture #movies #june 
I enjoyed #UsMovie ...Not as good as Get Out but few movies I’ve seen recently are. The key is to just not think t… 
Do these people upset over the new SW title not know how movies are made? 
This, from a guy who went from Taxi Driver &amp; The God Father, to Bad Grandpa and various other dire… 
The best part about the Cars movies is when the Car Talk brothers are on screen. 
Lol, it's not even the raging nerd boys I'm talking about? It's the people who are like, "Well, if the ti… 
Look, if you’re getting excited over the new #TheRiseOfSkywalker trailer despite how abysmal the other two movies i… 
Hey Horror fans!QOTD: which Hair metal frontman both wrote and played the killer in this 1998 movie?Join the co… 
I need a movie theater partner!I have such a long bucket list of movies to watch...  
I hate the new starwars movies I think they've been destroyed 
Well, all good movies must end, so now we’re moving onto The American President, which I won’t tag because it could… 
This is the catch. There are legitimate reasons to hate some movies but the assholes hatin… 
We will forget to go to your movies... 
A lot of Americans still don't realize it was war propaganda. I didn't realize it until a couple years back when I… 
But, movies taught me that evil is ugly! 
I love it,They scare the sh*it out of You! #Wimp! I was scanning the Channels came across one of yo… 
Nice to see they kept ‘The’ in the title for Ep IXKeeping all 3 post movies with the same the title start. 
Disney movies and Marvel and Star Wars all in one place! That’s the only stuff I ever watch. I might as we… 
I think it’s funny- er, ironic- how movies that some people called forgettable/insignificant are sti… 
One that made her into a very different character instead of the lamest Mary Sue to ever grace the sil… 
Important for anyone who hasnt seen the lame U.S. &amp; Israel war propaganda movies. This came out when I was 13. Film… 
My dog just watch’s movies and chases balls.  Hopefully we can get more adventurous after I… 
I’m never going to forget either. Never spending money on this clown again. He’s become the punchlin… 
I swear someone always double parked on cedar lane by the movies 
Movies Kips Bay Library Presents Book to Movie Adaptations: A Simple Plan, Friday, May 24, 2019, 1 p.m.… 
Main Stream Media and msnbc and cnn ratings have plummeted sin… 
Oh, you didn't capitalize Deadline, so it threw me off. You mean, the page, Deadline? Okay, now I unde… 
If 80s movies taught me nothing else, if you step on the wrong floor tile arrows come shooting out of the eyes. 
This is beyond important to me... #Always These movies shaped my very existence. I may need some alone time after… 
Ive seen a few movies by myself. Ive been to more concerts by myself though, but that's because my m… 
Lets all 100 million of us forget going to see Bobs Movies and plays......Hows that Bobbie? 
We won’t forget either. No more De Niro movies. He can kiss my a$$ 
Yo my mom has an iphone, i have an android and the selfie is way better, the Google pixel 3xl has the… 
Looking for some shows or movies to give an existential crisis. "Russian Doll" is up there for sure lol. 
How are people only just noticing this movie.. P.s there is more to it than the car scene.. watch it! #MeetJoeBlack… 
70-80’s had some amazing movies ngl 
R/movies couple of days ago: Last Jedi made me loose my excitement for star wars. Even the prequels didn't do that.… 
#YesLord #Yes #Ephesians #PureFlix #faith #family #free #educational #documentaries #movies #entertainment #clean… 
Good vs Evil. We've been to the movies, we know how this ends  
Would have to agree with SOLO. Probably Rogue One too. Because it’s based on GOOD characters. Every sin… 
feel like going movies tonight....by myself! 
I left Saw 3.  I was taken to it on a date and hadn’t seen the first 2 because I’m not into snuff films… 
The #Countdowntoendgame Begins at as we revisit the… 
I just downloaded to scary movies to my Ipad. My exciting Friday night begins LOL  #LifeOfAnIntrovert 
Disney CEO Bob Iger says he will step down in 2021, a succession plan is forming #Movies #TV 
I think Star Wars 9 will be basically functional but unable to salvage the mess that is the sequel trilogy, judging… 
I said no... but after thinking about it, that’s a damn good question. There’s been 3 movies, an anime… 
Good shit DC #Shazam #ShazamMovie #movies 
~~~~~It must be interesting seeing super hero movies knowing nothing about the comics~~~~~ HAHa shut the fuck up ur not interesting 
well it is the end of a series. why wouldn't the main villain of the first 6 m… 
Hi, if you asked me who my favorites are a few years back, I would of said Robert D. , Ch… 
This is a great month for movies and shows, captain marvel and avengers end game. New star wars trailer, disneys st… 
That reminds me of a scene from one of my f… 
In the movies, ppl recognize the Bad Guy right away. He’s arrogant, insulting, petty, greedy, and dishonest. He use… 
I'm watching The Highwaymen (2019) #trakt 
Hey, #Sleuthers! Who else is looking forward to Hallmark Movies &amp; Mysteries "Morning Show Mysteries: A Murder in Mi… 
'Bob Lazar: Area 51' documentary probes UFO whistle-blower's story #boblazar 
Anyone else think it’s wack how animated movies by disney/pixar etc sexualize animals? Like all my life any time I… 
I, Robot is one of the greatest movies of its time. Not because of the robots, but because “I’m sorry, I’m allergic to bullsh*t.”  
BIG KEEF in poverty needs a job in writing hip-hop music movies poetry and autobiographica… 
We usually see this in movies but this shit real, Nip you did something  
Are you siding with HP? This a movie question lol Therefore, Star Wars trumps lame HP movies... 
#Movie "Catfish" (2010) 
8 was a middle film...always sets up the finale and brin… 
Lol no mention of him in the other two movies but hey why not throw him in here to retcon the… 
The future of Star Wars: All the known movies and TV series coming your way 
Academy Museum Deputy Director For Creative Content &amp; Programming Exits - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
VINTAGE IRON ON TRANSFER LOT / 70S T SHIRT / BANDS MOVIES TV $99.00 via eBay 
It took Star Wars 7 movies to change their focus. It took Avengers, like, 15 (and they're still lopsided.) But peop… 
May I? I’d like for both to give some of your all time fav movies. 
Didn't get me excited like past trailers.  However... past movies have been panned,  so maybe this… 
Interesting i never read the books but i did read all about it on Star Wars online while… 
There are so many cool and powerful female characters in films &amp; movies within the last couple years. Ya love to… 
At the movies with the kids 
Now I’ll be home in bed watching movies all weekend and reading like a 65 year old woman  
But we will forget to watch your movies or anything you are involved with... 
is too divided at that point. Disney could make a ton of money partnering with Netflix and Hulu, but… 
Happy birthday to It’s always fun having you on my movie show, &amp; I have a blast when I’m on your sh… 
What's new on Netflix for April? Here's the full list of new streaming movies, including relea... 
This is always a controversial list. Anything missing? There are a lot of great journalism movies. Here are our top… 
It’s incredible the power these movies have. It’s incredible how much these movies mean to generations of fans. Jus… 
Fish and chips at the Movies. #datenight 
The Perfect Date is one of the best movies to watch on Netflix in April! 
Such a fool! Wish he kept his big mouth shut and made his great movies! Now I can’t stand to look at… 
"Ad:" The Gorehouse Greats Collection (DVD 2009, 3-Disc Set) 12 Classic Horror Movies Fanta… 
Movies, pizza, trained Atticus. 
Warner Bros. ‘freaking out’ Depp suit will harm Harry Potter films 
When To Expect the Star Wars Episode IX Title and Trailer  
R sb movies hiran minar pr hi shoot ki thi kyaa? Literally shit music choice 
This starts off a really big project for me, it is a documentary on death. Think about supporting it at 
i think you can watch some movies while being a multi- millionaire, hell a billionaire but more power to ya 
Seth Rogen Launches Cannabis Company Houseplant in Canada | #cannabis 
I would skip school and go to the arcade or movies. Even walk to the Blockbuster. Rented over 300 movie… 
Is it a remake of a remake where all three (actually 4, but I don't think it should count) movies h… 
Lol him writing the movies, and ZTT, would make long Cone hiatuses 
I never watch ANY movies. looking forward to my future McLaren. I'll take a picture next to it 
Movies aren’t just the theme and a general concept of the individual plot, especially not franchise movies 
I can’t wait to see the way that Episode IX radically changes the Star Wars universe, creating fertile ground for n… 
Close love those movies , we all do but yea hes such a hell boy fan 
Right, time for a hot take prediction/theory based on the #StarWarsEpisodeIX teaser. #spoilers to previous movies to follow. 
No, everything else is not completely different in the OR movies or even the OT movies compared to… 
Winning is sneaking it into the movies!  
Rose Tico Is Back! Kelly Marie Tran Tearfully Receives Standing Ovation at Star Wars Celebration 
Two weeks till #EndGame. So I guess you could say were in the #EndGame now. Also apparently there's a theory that t… 
Warner Bros. ‘freaking out’ Depp suit will harm Harry Potter Bros. is “freaki… 
When people dont believe you but dont know how you know and your stuff is true like the movie Kpax but dont underst… 
Prequels were trash. Everyone hated them. Only now do people act like those movies are watchable. Fuck… 
I have so many thoughts and theories based off what they’ve been doing with all the movies so far 
ACTUALLY THAT MAKES SENSE ESP W/ HOW MOVIES HAVE A POPULAR CHARACTER WITH CONAN LIKE KAITO 
Psssffffttttt both the New Movies were really good. I hope it turns out Rey has no parents… 
Home movies of Jar Jar Binks &gt; Ep VII and Ep VIII 
I’m so sick of movies being butchered by studios and execs. Abominable!!! 
new Star Wars trailer came out today....I’m not excited for it at all. After Soylo and last Jedi I d… 
My expectations are low af judging off the last two movies. Never thought I'd feel this type of way about any Star… 
John Cena, an unbothered King making movies and making Mania appearances. What a guy! He doesn’t need that toxic lo… 
How is it called “The Rise of Skywalker” after 9 movies about primarily the Skywalker family? Haven’t they already… 
For my birthday (early, it’s not until the 18th) my amazing sister gave me 9 movies and 4 tv shows! 
Or what?  They're going to make more bad movies???  I'm shaking in my boots. 
Ever noticed that the characters in zombie movies always wear clothing that are shades of grey? 
Ted Turner keep on marquee Classic 
The Best Cliffhanger Endings In Movie History 
Hallmark will air an astounding 40 Christmas movies this year. Unfortunately ZERO of them were filmed in #KC or any… 
ugh make a million movies Amy Poehler 
The movies aren’t even that different even if the rest of what you said made sense 
Ugh I'm not going to be able to handle this year at all. There are so man… 
Mighty ducks are low key one of greatest sports movies series ever 
And where not going to watch any of Robert Deniros movies so it's a wash! What an ignorant egotistical man! 
Get on it girl! Both those movies are amazing! #Shazam #CaptainMarvel 
One of the best summer movies ever. 
The Last Jedi might be my favorite of them all, but probably because its a Rian Johnson movie. Have… 
I think there’s something to be said for that. A lot of people who really know a lot about movies were am… 
   show Godzilla on tv movies. 
If you think movies in the same franchise and world should all be treated as their own thing and i… 
I didn't get cbs all access, I found the first season at my library and watched it all last week.… 
might fuck around and take myself to the movies tonight 
Logical. They take their cues exclusively from the most disgruntled of the disgruntled fanboys, and ac… 
Surprisingly- there are several blatant parallels/homages between amazing films from great directors… 
cc I mean, that's three movies. But, they're right, those are probably the three to re-watch. (Or j… 
TV - 3 daysMovies - 2 months 
Abrams is forgettable because he doesn't so much make movies as sequences of scenes that he hopes are "delightful"… 
Anybody have any good suggestions for movies to watch on streaming? Hulu, Netflix, Prime, etc. 
I too have a mighty ducks shirt and I love the hell outta those movies. Lol. Also saw an Anaheim… 
Hate Em all except the Raimi Movies 
"...is 'Beetlejuice 2' going to happen?"I don't know. I doubt it," Burton said." 
THIS quote is the #1 reason that the new Star Wars movies have failed to be great. WOW 
From our friends at Film Oracle: The 50 Best Movies On Netflix Right Now... 
You really need to stop seeing movies as isolated pieces of works, it makes your takes on works in franchises incoherent 
Look, I love “bad” movies. Part of the fun for me is yelling my TV when people make bad choices or things don’t mak… 
Ok. Here’s my question. Are we talking just Dragonball? Or dragonball, z, super, heroes, gt, the movies?… 
Movies and food. 
Only the good ones. A lot of movies don’t really try to do that anymore. They’re more concerned about plot twists and stuff. 
An old-timey wheelchair. Like the sort you only ever see in horror movies. 
The old school Autobots and Decepticons from the late 80's yes movies yes other cartoon descendants not so much 
Lol at this rate im never sleepingNetflix suggesting fire movies after another i never had a chance 
100 days - 100 movies - day 2 of 100 
These Marvel movies are great but nothing compared to Star Wars. Even The Last Jedi will be loved once it’s explained in Ep. 9. 
Current movie trek is dead and done. They already lost their captain. So now they would have to reboot… 
Movies I am really excited to watch soon1. Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise Of Skywalker2. Avengers: Endgame3. Jur… 
Rest in peace Mr Gable    
Why would it have crashed on Yavin 4? It was on the opposite side of the gas giant when it blew up.… 
Disney has an incredible base of classic series and movies. NFLX isn’t even close to DIS in that re… 
Looking for latest Hollywood movies ready to watch or download for free just search in google for TakiART M… 
Fine, but I can still predict that it's the Spy Kids 4 of Star Wars movies. 
Here's the full list of new shows and movies on Netflix this weekend 
I literally hate apocalypse movies because why the fuck are you resisting the end of the world /human race!!! 
He looks like the sort of person who says 'cinema' instead of 'movies'. 
 Oh, dear... okay, then, a round of superhero movies with women as the heroes. Appropriate!  
And that’s why I also thought ADULTS should have a Disney for themselves. I mean, we as… 
9 MCU Movies to Rewatch Before Avengers: Endgame 
Part of me still doesn't like the idea of these new Star Wars movies. I still think Return of the Jedi wrapped up… 
Star Wars: Episode IX Title The Rise Of Skywalker Confirmed By Trailer 
KIDS BE SO DUMB IN THESE SCARY MOVIES MAN, TAKE YO ASS TO THE CARRRR 
If you don't read the comics and throw out all the other movies sure. 
Imagine actually thinking that watching movies from a long-running franchise is the important difference between be… 
FX Networks Nabs Off-Network Rights To ‘Family Guy’ &amp; ‘Bob’s Burgers’; FXX To Share ‘Family Guy’ With Freeform -… 
I asked you first bub.  But… 
I been watching ray comfort movies while studying Isaiah. Multitasker 
dooc Search :OWv21 Online teachin... C Chegg Study I Guided ) - Streaming Movies Arange The Following M.. m… 
His idea of "completing the saga" is by taking a big steaming shit on the seven movies he didn't direct. 
But the movies are Cheeto-esque also.  Theyre fun to watch at the time.  But they’re unnecessarily lon… 
Good. I like to be surprised by the movies. "Society" was a real unexpected treat, last week. 
What's he going to do? Make more bad movies to force down our throat? Or maybe he'll go where all has been go, tele… 
Movies you’ve laughed hardest at. 
I guess you should go back to doing vampire orgy movies and forget about all the virtue signaling yo… 
Rally the #squad &amp; let 'em know what's good. #LittleMovie starring &amp; is now… 
"THEY HAVE NO PERSONALITIES SO THEY ACT FOR A LIVING" TRY BEING ME 4 A DAY-#abouttime#Trump#MAGA#Blexit U wou… 
Keep your car. I'll keep the multiple memories with my family and friends I've made watching those movies.… 
Hmmm.. Finally back to back good movies . #Majili #Chitralahari 
To be honest, I never really watched any of those early 00s frat comedy movies so I'm probably sev… 
"Keep it up... I'll fix you, I'll stop making movies"! If only that were the case. Oh please... Go ahea… 
Everything coming to Disney Plus so far 
Yes and Yes. VII and VIII were barely even movies. They were like expanded treatments someone tried to… 
People pay for movies?  
Real crap&gt; Star Wars movies 
Dammit, it pisses me off that I have to wait till October to watch the new #Joker film. The trailer is so intriguin… 
STAR WARS #movies to take much-needed "hiatus" after THE RISE OF SKYWALKER, according to Disney chief Bob Iger… 
Tough one. Spider-Man: Homecoming is the one with the softest edges imo. I believe there's only one death… 
His one trick? Making bland remakes of better movies. 
I can see that. But they're all Star Wars movies. 
Ehh but Palapatine would be great and I understand your point, but in one of the mo… 
#voiceacting #voiceactors #voiceover #marvelcomics #Minecraft Excelsior, Spidey-fans! You can hear me as James Wes… 
His last three movies have been very bad and his new one looks the same. 
No we’re not. Not watching any more De Niro movies! Won’t be hard to do either because most of them are crummy! 
Watching the new TV shows of the past YouTube channel I'm struck by how often successful movies used to get made in… 
I thought so. That’s one of my favorite movies. 
Only movies that root for the good to win over bad are westerns. 
We love advertising. We love movies. We love movies about advertising. Have you seen any from this top 10 list? 
17 years 45 films Million memories ..... Could have been easily 145 movies &amp; billion memories if not for that ONE p… 
I will never not be amazed by the movies that releases. 
Don't worry, Star Wars isn't going anywhere! 
He’s absolutely up there. Definitely think he’s one of- if not THE- best villains we’ve been given in Star Wars mov… 
good music.  love the atmosphere... spooky!  dark, dramatic.  I enjoyed those movies.  (I conf… 
he’s in love with you because your pretty and you’re in love with him because you think he’ll break the spell, idk… 
"Ad:" Gore House Greats Collection -DVD - Cult -Horror 12 Movies, 3 Disc Set Fantasy: Flyin… 
True that!! They made the movies instense!! Every time I saw Samuel L Jackson I just kept… 
Disney plus literally needs to come out now. My ass would be streaming some good movies. 
You know there are 3 different prequel movies? SITH &gt;&gt;Disney SW movies btw 
Didn’t fit at all with the other movies 
An epic battle against who or what? There is no antagonist that has been built up over the course of the last two movies. 
Still the funniest death scene in movies to date 
Fat Skywalker Jedi? Seriously, when are Disney Star Wars movies going to have a new story, a bigger pict… 
Have you noticed that the most interesting movies, and that we like, are the ones that glorify crime?I mean given… 
That entire thread is kinda hilarious, really. Apparently, the reason I don’t have millions enterin… 
He played Davy Jones among many other great movies including the Underworld series and… 
Yeah and I don’t forget this shit ass movies either 
Lucasfilm Has Plans For At Least 10 More Years Of #StarWars Movies - 
HOME AND AWAY alum Dan Ewing to face MONSTER PROBLEMS with Dylan O'Brien, Michael Rooker, Ariana Greenblatt &amp; Jessi… 
She needed to go. As someone also in the Dead Dad club, I am SO, so sorry that happened to… 
Nope. Not really. - more Star Wars movies are coming- Game of Thrones already has a prequel in production- The… 
Had no clue this was a thing that was being worked on. I quite enjoyed the Vikander vehicle and this is a great scr… 
9 main line movies and I think 2 side stories. 
Dang this is an incredibly huge year for Disney??? Did they plan to release all their movies like this in one year??? 
Wondering what movies to see or stream this joined &amp; on Fr… 
I just watched 2019 (2019) #trakt 
Thought the same thing. Disney literally had thousands of EU stories already created in books, comics… 
Universal pushes back SING sequel from Dec. 25, 2020, to July 2, 2021, and THE CROODS sequel from Sept. 18, 2020, t… 
Merger included movies and TV shows to add to Disney streaming service. Fox News is still i… 
My bad, didn’t mean to imply that he was still friendly towards white supremacy after t… 
None of the movies so far have made me want to go back and see it again. Podcast this weekend bud? 
I think that's something thats bugged me about the new movies. They try so hard to recreate the "look… 
Kathleen Kennedy Says She’s Planning 10 Years of Star Wars Movies 
Have you seen the new #StarWars trailer yet? Are you even into these movies? -BR 
Question: List Your Favorite Spiritual Movies#astralware #higherconsciousness #Movies #positivevibes #reiki… 
Grab a cardboard write his movies on it if we have none. But I’ll post mine this Saturday. 
Other important takes: The Last Jedi was the best Star Wars movie, Rey is the best SW character in 30 years, and an… 
It's a Marvel property. I'm over DC movies too, thanks to Disney. 
100% the mountain top. That’s what I tell myself when I buy dumb stuff like that at movies..... bc it’… 
The ‘Star Wars: Episode IX—The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer Is Making People Cry 
Rey is my favorite character, the sequel trilogy is my favorite, and I really am happy with these movies and can't… 
Yes! Yes yes yes! It is so good! Very much what DCEU movies ought to be, not the Snyderverse movies we got! 
On a related note to my last Tweet, I will never understand how people hate on movies that aren’t even out yet base… 
I just love walking around saying "I'm Duncan McLeod of the clan McLeod" in my best (terrible) Scott… 
The best movies out this weekend -   Headed to the movie theater this weekend? Here are the 13 best comedies, dra… 
The HoursHands down one of the best movies I’ve ever watched. Ever. 
Last Easter basket is my little brothers. He can’t eat candy but he does love and movies so that’s what h… 
The #Emperor Confirmed To Be Returning In #StarWars: The Rise Of #Skywalker 
The more I think about it the retreat into social media, gaming, movies, etc. obviously does seem to lead to less s… 
Our first look at #EpisodeIX #TheRiseOfSkywalker!#movies #cinema #StarWars 
movies tomorrow and I’m off. 
Just a reminder that we will be showing a family-friendly movie on Monday, April 15th at 6:00 PM. Head to the event… 
well if I see any of these movies experimentally, I won't do it on opening weekend. 
Whenever you put your hood on while walking in a crowd full of people do you, too, feel like Princess Annalise from… 
... and they'll flog that nostalgia at least two movies after we're all yelling "stop!" 
I have to say, after seeing Rey's IX costume, I might have to add it to my to-do list of costumes. I definitely lik… 
Who didn't see this coming 
What’s he going to do, stop making B movies? 
MGM developing sequel to Alicia Vikander-fronted TOMB RAIDER reboot that nobody remembers existed, taps FREE FIRE c… 
Though I had to ruffle feathers via text, I'm actually hopeful about #EpisodeIX. In fact, I always ho… 
I agree these new movies just lack that authentic feel… 
After The last Avengers movie #Marvel studios need to make Mortal Kombat movies next. 
Actors: were gonna stop making movies because you support the president. Everyone else with jobs and… 
People are desperate to bag on the franchise and its fans even when the movies still fit… 
Actor Dermot Mulroney has played the cello on the scores of several high-profile movies, including two 'Mission Imp… 
This is how we PATRIOTS should respond to this Dwebert ZeroniroWhen John Lennon said Beatles are m… 
I wish it was acceptable to have a small pee break in the middle of movies. I’m not asking for much. 
Damn if I’d known I could be a multi millionaire by not going to movies I would’ve stop going a long time ago! 
Still one of my favorite movies ever.  Everybody was great in it.  But I think Sterling Hayden… 
Neither will we Robert, neither will we. How are the movies sales going. 
I liked the teaser! I hope it’s better than ep 8 and all other Star Wars movies too! High hopes for this one!  
It will be ok Melvin. Simply pointing out that children’s movies don’t go down as ma… 
With such movies I always expect the ending to be crazy...but #usmovie ending was beyond twisted!! 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!Godzilla #Godzilla #comics… 
Finding out who's directing the new #Joker movie has been an emotional roller-coaster.Phase I: Wait, he's most kn… 
Anyone else get these cravings to watch certain movies?  Whether that’d be Disney, or a childhood movie or just one of your faves. 
Bryan Cogman (producer) tells us the 21 episodes you need to re-watch to get ready for the final season of… 
I love watching Stephen King's movies  
MoviesOriginal trilogy: YEAH! Everything else: meh. TVClone Wars: YEAH! Everything else: meh. 
Disney + dude. Clarification: they are taking a hiatus on the movies. 
The scripts of both movies havent been the best so I understand why we see it differently 
One of my all-time favorite movies - saw all three at the theater when they originally released. One o… 
#starwarstheriseofskywalker Poster. #starwars #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics #comicbooks #tv #movies #geek… 
Really? Cause I gave up as soon as I saw that hack JJ from the "amazing star trek… 
Meet Joe Black!! One of my favorite movies ever 
I was not aware of the recent merger, more detail here. It was about expanding the number of shows… 
I hate them all in movies like that.Just keep quiet bruh. 
Star Wars trailer was fun, not sure what to expect since I don't want a movie that just copies the p… 
I swear the Star Wars plot just keeps on going.. how many has it been now?? 10 movies?? 
Mrs. Brolin, I think you have the most amazing voice and I love your movies, but you really need a… 
I wouldn't call them bad movies, but the charm of Garfield is sort of lost since the plots can kind of be...iffy. 
You are right, though. This looks really good. I’ll have to watch the other right Star Trek Movies… 
ANYWAYS! If Disney wants to keep making live action adaptations of their classic animated movies, THEN THEY SHOULD… 
Just saw “Us” and... WOW. Incredible. I don’t even like horror movies but this was one of the best films I’ve ever… 
I want more Turkish airlines in Star Wars movies 
I am rather sick of live action Disney movies. Or at least the ones with animals. I don't need the tragedy… 
It's just gonna be shit everyone has already seen with some poorly written marvel universe shows that… 
more korean movies please  
New Quiz!  IMDB Current Year Most Popular Movies (Live) - 
Lol cry over Disney movies idgaf 
First trailer for STAR WARS: EPISODE IX reveals #film's title to be STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER, teases return… 
Hey Robert come see me. This ain't the movies. 
The Voice Recap: Which Singers Soared and Bored on Night 3 of the Battles? — Plus, About That Big Twist Coming Up…… 
Mark Hamill Reacts To #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Title Reveal - 
John Boyega Says Captain Phasma Is Dead And Not In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
Disney executives reveal details on new streaming service Disney+, including 'Star Wars' and Marvel movies… 
Good movies or series to watch on Netflix? 
My best friend &amp; I have been marathoning 2 Marvel movies every other day to get caught up for Avenger… 
So I'm guessing he doesn't want ppl to ever watch his or anyone in Hollywood's movies if we voted for… 
Gypsy Rose Lee on film: Famed striptease artist peels off negligee and shimmies for screaming men in personal home… 
Ok, so what I really wanna do is cancel Netflix and then sign up for Disney+ and the new Criterion Channel. And t… 
Ignore jar jar is annoying but that’s one of the best movies in terms of padme and how b… 
I feel like community theatre is a lot better than Hallmark movies  
I wish I had a college boyfriend &amp; we fell in love, graduated together, bought our first home, got married &amp; made o… 
taking the night off of camming to go out to dinner with and then probably do a little drinking and… 
Oh cool! We're catching up on all the movies before EndGame at the end of the month :3 We're excited 
Lmao they the best. They remind me that sometimes we get stuck in what others think that we don’t do...… 
im still surprised me and cindy didnt get kicked out the movies cause we was talking so mf loud lmaooo  
Cannot wait 2 meet my #MAmovie next month!  Love killa slasher movies!  
They've done the same thing for the past 3 movies. I guess with Star Wars, all you need is a logo!… 
Neither of these childrens movies will be considered a masterpiece.. 
I don't thin Plagueis will be in the movie. Maybe mentioned, but Palpatine could have learned how… 
I have chosen to just watch movies. He just keeps on and on with criminal acts and it sickens me. Thin… 
Did movies like IW shock you? Do you expect to be shocked by endgame? 
It means that Quinn Tarantino doesn’t make good movies 
Never. Happen.(actually did happen in my lifetime - music, movies &amp; tv)It’ll be ok mate  
Rogue One is the best of the new movies hands down. It's so good. 
They won’t hatch dragons, but these are the coolest Game of Thrones Easter eggs 
Sometimes I cry from panic attacks, but usually I just know crying will make me feel better so I look for empatheti… 
Over 500 movies and 7000 TV episodes at launch 
And we’re going to forget to go to your movies! 
I loved  her WCTH show and her mystery movies but she's clueless! ! Wow..."Lori Loughlin Felt She Did What Any Moth… 
If I've leaned anything in the past 11 movies is that if it's important don't leave anything to Stormtroo… 
They need to stop ....just stop it all  
I think he won’t. But may be it’s not a big deal ... see he gives big non bb hits with S… 
...I really need to go out more. Hike, adventures, movies, laying up by the beach, catching up with friends, playin… 
Millionaires watch movies you fuckloaf 
What better way to spend the night than watching a movie under the stars in Palm Beach? … 
announces a record of 40 Christmas movies set to air in 2019 #creativeKC 
bitch considering we've been to the movies a total one ONE time, and u sure as hell didn… 
This about-face is necessary to bring back people like me who were so disgusted with a multitude of things in the r… 
You'll have likely watched #TheAddamsFamily over and over again as a kid. Now it's time to relive the memories as i… 
Don't know what it is, but even with the worst of the Star Wars movies (looking at you, Phantom Men… 
Master filmmaker Matteo Garrone's #DOGMAN is now playing in #LosAngeles and opens at additional… 
How come ppl who say ‘How come I can’t like a movie with women heroes replacing men AAAAAALLLLWWAAAYYYSSS dislike A… 
OH!OH!OH! OKAY SO NOW IDK MOVIES HUH?! WHO DOES THIS GUY THINK HE IS?! (Other people probably) lmao 
No they won't it's Disney they don't even show blood in most marvel movies atm like they'd ever show a… 
These are horrific. Last year's, if I recall, were really sharp. These deserve three separate three-hour movies doc… 
The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi so screwed up the Star Wars franchise that Disney is distancing themselves from… 
Shazam. Captain Marvel. Aladdin. Lion King. Far From Home. Godzilla. John Wick 3. Star Wars. Avengers Endgame. Bi… 
And watching star wars movies 
And if you wanted to meet up at like the movies.... Call your friend he hangs up asks his parentsCalls you back,… 
Did you just finish a season of your favorite show and can’t bear the long wait for more? Never fear -- great conte… 
Although the people you mentioned are definitely on the wrong side of things, I also knew people o… 
Both movies are based on true stories.Your power is slipping away. Technology was always going to improve to the… 
We watched #Hellboy &amp; #LittleMovie! Hellboy was so bad we couldn't even think of a good headline.Our reviews … 
Can someone tell Netflix to add some new movies/shows instead of just re-adding ones they’ve removed over and over 
Kinds crazy how the Nazis took inspiration from the Imperials from Star Wars. Movies have more impact than we know.… 
Daniela oppong and Keith big KEEF Mabery will tie the knot this Christmas on Miami Beach all entertainers are welco… 
This is like almost all 70s 80s and 90s movies  
Nice, I like being told why a movie I really like is bad th… 
You're a He-Man kid!I didn't like Star Wars when I was a kid. I was born in 79 but felt th… 
The Russo brothers share which Marvel movies you should revisit prior to Endgame 
J.J. Abrams Reveals How Leia Will Appear In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
40 years ago, one of the greatest Sci-Fi movies was released. And started a unforgettable and epic franchise. We sh… 
i’m going to the movies tomorrow 
I felt the exact same, the girl who's learned nothing for at least two movies has become more powerful… 
No one is forcing anything. If it bothers you that women are in Sci… 
The middle movies are always hit/miss for ppl. 
Solo was fucking awesome though. I loved Solo. We need more Star Wars movies like that. 
Proud that I bought $DIS at ~$112. Despite the over $13 gain today there is no way I’m selling any of my shares I’m… 
I don’t even remember the last two movies anymore. They were that fucking terrible. 
since I don’t have a 4K disk player, are the 4K iTunes movies acceptable? 
Yeah so excited to watch more random shit you made up on a whim that has absolutely fucking nothing to do with the last two movies. 
! New Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker teaser trailer! Sooo excited, looks pretty awesome. I try not to be a critic… 
There have been good video game movies before ur just mean 
A tragic, needless death. 
does anyone know good movie sites where i can watch movies that in theaters?? 
You make deadly movies It was great seeing so many familiar faces on screen and in the credits. Plus… 
I did like Darth Maul &amp; Duel of the Fates. But yeah, TPM was pretty bad. I give TLJ credit for going again… 
Every year they move summer movie season a little further into spring. But who are we to complain? Bring on those b… 
If Heists were as calculated as they are in the movies, id prooooooobably think about it 
Cool, meanwhile those of us that have enjoyed these new movies, despite there being flaw… 
Free movies in both students unions, one the many great perks of being at the U. #gratitude 
Disney Plus: Here's what we know so far about the upcoming streaming service via 
From NY Times: "‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX" 
I'm just saying the LOTR trilogy is better than the Star Wars Movies. Like whicheve… 
(Amazingly, we have the opportunity to keep it alive.. to introduce it to younger generations through movies and TV. ) 
You should definitely write the screenplays for star wars movies because that so… 
I do think the Star Wars fandom revolves more around the universe as a whole than just the movies for sure. 
Food n movies 
Let me knowwww. Seriously almost went to the movies alone last night cause I was craving popcorn haha 
On Tuesdays movies are $5. 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Fans Are Freaking Out Over The Emperor's Return - 
Star Wars is just okay, it's never been great, especially the original trilogy, most especially the prequels, and l… 
How many of these upcoming blockbusters are on your must-see list? We love the popcorn fun of summer movie season!… 
So many movies, so little time. Which films are you going to see during this spring and summer movie season?… 
There are so many great films coming out for the summer blockbuster season! What’s on your list?… 
Breaking video news: ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX" via NY… 
believe it has been 30 years. Still one of my all time favorite 
Also believe you can add South Park and futurama. Other than stranger things, I have no clue… 
Disney Will Take A Hiatus On Star Wars Movies After This Year 
pretty interesting. so, more power to it.eh, i don’t know man. it was an alright movie. not too special. this is… 
Yes hun only in the movies! 
The funniest sort of irony is that George Lucas, the man responsible for the creation of these movies, wil… 
I’m here for trashy Noah Centineo movies 
I want friends who wanna go to the movies, the zoo, out for ice cream, stuff like that. Realized how many people on… 
You need to re-watch the mo… 
This is VERY GOOD to hear. I feel that the time is coming for franchises to slow down a little bit. We’re getting t… 
Advertising? #MadMen, of course  #FridayFeeling 
Wouldn't need a hiatus if the movies weren't garbage. 
In 15 years Star Wars will just be movies about BB8 and his friends and we will have to read think pieces about how… 
Loving the bromance! 
Scary movies are the same without you Ntwana yam.I'm pretty sure saw'bulala usofa kaSiya that night 
There's nothing but amazing talent not just days,the soap world, movies all over th… 
Yes, ofc... they're putting things on pause because in fact the tiny minority of hurdurs wi… 
You are totally taking that out of context. Not 'ALL" St… 
After Episode IX this year, Disney is going to take a hiatus on Star Wars movie releases. 
I too once felt the same way, and then I decided to watch the movies.  Simply stated, you’re missing out. 
Please read and share. There is a link to the new #StarWars teaser, as well as a short essay on the Star Wars movie… 
Bwahahahaha!!!The ACTUAL question is why was she IN the first two movies? 
For the amount of times it was portrayed in movies when I was a kid, you’d think we’d wear bow ties undone a lot more often. 
While the movies aren't my favorites of the Star Wars Universe, JJ sure knows how to make a trailer. 
Gr8 m8s is gone  what are we going to do Mr scumbag movies?????? 
A4: I love Netflix because we stream hd movies at any time, any place, it makes our lives so easy! An… 
Make sure you go ultra political at times and shill for shitty movies every so often and you're gold. 
With a Rebel Yell, Molly Shannon Claims Collusion 
Absolutely it’s good to watch a movie that imparts something to its viewers. I find the 
If people enjoy them, that's okay.  But to argue that objectively… 
For me it's a reminder that she's aging in the movies, and that she's completely human. Its upsetting… 
I am loving #OscarIsaac's look in the new Star Wars! I swear, he looks like Harrison Ford in the Indiana Jones movi… 
I love plants, and soft things, I love cute things just as well, but at the same time, I binge watch horror movies,… 
The opening is Epic but that moment with Leia is why we go to the movies! Thank you #StarWarsCelebration 
When I was a child my parents still lived (in movies and books) in the Wild Wild West. Somehow, it seems that Ameri… 
Am I the only one who is tired of Zombie games and movies? 
Photo By skeeze | Pixabay  #georgeraft #francesdrake #actor #movies #moviestar #horrormovies #instamovies 
These new star wars movies continue to get worse. But the nerds and rubes like Kevin Smith will post pictures of th… 
American Idol Recap: Top 14 Revealed! Plus, Did You Miss Ryan Seacrest? - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
But I don't like horror movies... 
My brain consistently forgets that there are Star Wars movies past the original trilogy and the prequels 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker': What that first trailer and title tell us to expect Fans starved for news about… 
I've been enjoying #kungfu movies on #netflix.   I enjoy the Asian KungFu movies over American KungFu. Am I the only one? 
Watching movies with my gran and sister is very difficult 
Sometimes watching sad movies help, sad music too. 
Ok what about forcing tem to watch the original movies while searching through indu… 
Joker in October.IX in December.Guys I might start watching movies again. 
geez that was the year of movies from our younger years I guess. Can't hardly wai… 
Its those movies I watch when  bored can never get tired of 
That and John Wayne movies...we liked to call the 'dusters'...Miss my Dad. 
Movies next for sure 
You need to find you plus one another Vitality card and avoid 3D movies AT ALL COSTS. 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise Of Skywalker | Teaser Trailer | MTV Movies 
Movies/series and books. 
The dragons in #GamesOfThrones are lethal weapons to wage wars, and if you know nothing about them, here are the na… 
Rip in Mr scumbag movies, that trailer was AWESOME 
does anyone else not cry during sad movies and tv shows? 
The 9 Most Important Reveals From The Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Trailer - 
I love that y’all talk about Star Wars movies like they are remotely relevant or interesting. 
May 16 is our Fun Day! We will have inflatables, movies, popcorn, &amp; lunch for 5th/6th! We are asking that all 5th a… 
*whispers* If you've seen the old Star Wars movies, you've already seen the new ones. *ducks* 
Stop making these movies 
That's great man I've watched all starwars movies that have came out So far and only almost 14 
And maybe make the movies for the story and not to make money? "If you build it, nerds will come." 
My favorite? Good Night and Good Luck 
If you don't think Kathleen Kennedy loses sleep night beca… 
God I hope this movie turn out to be good, because I don’t like what I see so far #SonicMovie #SonicTheHedgehog… 
Well not everyone likes Science Fantasy that takes inspiration from westerns and samurai movies.I l… 
There are some REALLY bad movies out lately 
9 vs 3 movies that have been released since 2016. There isn't an "over-saturation" issue when it… 
With all the hundreds of Christmas movies every year A Christmas Wish continues to be one of my fa… 
Another successful week done and the movies have got me this evening, no problems, just chilling ..Thanks for y… 
Using dogs in horror movies just to kill them off later is so lame and uncreative. It’s such a lazy way of trying t… 
If you're Box Office Prophet your picks are:#Hellboy x4[cost 912 BUX]… 
What made StarWars good was that Lucas couldn't give a shit what happened in the universe outside of… 
#Movie "Brittown" (2008) 
In flight movies and potentially better food. 
Horror movies marathon and pizza night with friends always my kind of chill Friday 
Scene from 2009 movie : 500 Days of Summer.MCKENZIENow I know this may be a littlerisque...but if New Hampshire… 
I’m poor as shit and haven’t seen most of the marvel and Star Wars movies. Maybe if I hadn’t watched the original t… 
Dude, if enjoying movies without vitriol is wrong, I'm cool with never being right.N… 
I love revisiting movies. Mnet has been really bringing them all. #MnetMoviesEpic 
WGA &amp; ATA Hold “Productive” First Meeting During Franchise Deal Extension - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
I didn't like the last two movies, so I'm pretty much done with the franchise. 
Time check 4:05am Im sleepy but I love to watch more horror movies lol #horrormovie#moviemarathon#introvertpastimes 
They want to make sure they kill everyone in the original movies. 
Well, I loved this. Trailers are getting better and better visually; maybe they should replace some movies .  Not… 
the universe was on some shit when they made my birthday star wars day when i literally don't give a shit about the… 
What are you most excited to see in theaters this season? There’s a great lineup in store for film fans:… 
I just think you have a giant galaxy with lots of stories to tell and there's things happe… 
Fast 5. One of my favourite movies. Can never get tired of it 
Making #tacos and binging movies tonight. #thegoodlife 
It’s OK not to like Star Wars. It’s just movies. That doesn’t mean you can’t hold me while I cry about the trailer. 
Have you ever watched Bruce Almighty? That’s one of Jim Carrey lines it doe… 
That’s what makes a market.  Though if 9 year olds can navigate around the XBOX UI I’m pretty su… 
Movies and tv definitely color people's view of animals. Look at what the Jaws movie did with sharks. 
Emma Stone Has Never Seen Easy A: 'Who Wants To Watch Themselves for That Long?' - 
You truly have no idea about crime, and violence. Unless you are on the streets weekly and have knowl… 
Soo, instead of breaking away for live Jazz player interviews or continuing with small hometo… 
A hook isn’t telling people the other movies were wrong… 
I'll give it a chance because it's StarWars and I love StarWars, but the previous 2 movies… 
So... it's a movie about a guy who wrote some books that were turned into... movies. Hmmm... 
If you are still even the slightest bit interested in the Star Wars movies at this point I feel so sorry for you 
NEW STEELBOOK #peterson #blurays #movie #film #cinema #cinephilecommunity… 
Wow. I called like 97% of what this trailer is teasing long before TFA actually released - especially if s… 
Yeah buddy! That actually makes me wonder about the emperor laughing at the end of the trailer and th… 
I can not wait to see this movie! And Can not wait to meet you and Produce one of yo… 
I feel like I need to rewatch all the marvel movies to know what’s happening lol 
Brainwashed slave robots? You mean...the people that still watch Star Wars movies? 
Skobo se went to the movies without me &amp; he’s unapologetic about it  
One of the best movies ever made.  
Sometimes movies need to be realistic e.g the hero should just say, I can't save my family but I can claim from ass… 
Both great movies 
Just one more Star Wars #EpisodeIX "film" theory. Did you notice the names of all the movies? TFA, TLJ, TROS. I too… 
The guys who make the "Saw" movies should do one where these broads have to play the game. 
Honestly a big reason why I am excited for Game of Thrones and new Marvel, Star Wars, and Harry Potter movies is fo… 
Review | The Aretha Franklin concert documentary ‘Amazing Grace’ is nothing short of a miracle 
I want all movies to be five hours long and all tv show episodes 90 minutes long at least 
Don't get me wrong people who constantly tweet about GoT/Marvel movies are mad annoying but don't even compare to t… 
Yeaaah and I survived the Harry Potter and Lord of the rings movies without a break so I am READY 
It’s true. If you think about it, Brad Pitt kinda only does weird movies. 
The last two Star Ears movies were really good! I 
Fuck right off with this. It's a hate crime, plain and simple. Don't blame your shit-ass life decisions on music, v… 
To be fair though The Last Jedi was such a shitty movie that I'm finding it hard to be excited about Star Wars movies at all. 
Omw to Chicago who tryin to work dm me yo budget asap #music #wondo55 #fn2s #bentleyrecords #blogs #promo #chicago… 
Every time I watch these movies with my kids on 'friday night movie night' I am conscious of the ar… 
Remember when people in movies could do cool and it wouldn’t be in slow motion? Me neither. 
I got to! I really don’t watch tv any more it’s just sports events and movies. I think everyone has to… 
Makes sense.  May do some digging about limited release movies with intermissions. 
Wine, wings and movies.. can't be two 
#BoyWithLuv #bts #toomanycoincidences one of my fav movies 
I don't think anyone's tired of good Star Wars movies. 
Me too! I'm in my age now that I'm quite happy to just stay at home watching movies and snuggles with my blanket 
#Hellboy is a genuine disaster of a movie. Check out full review here: 
Sure is, too bad they keep making movies about the Skywalker family 
Lee van Cleef ...lov… 
#Review: Much ado about 'Little'#culture #film #movies #FridayFeeling 
I wanna cuddle and watch movies w/ u.. really just wanna fall asleep under you  
I’m completely and utterly speechless. I just got done watching Captain Marvel and everything, every single thing m… 
Mark N Tompkins ‘Star Wars’: See First Trailer for ‘Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker’ 
I mean none of the movies really are, though the prequels are in a class of bad all by themselves... 
I cannot stress how much I HATE when people in zombie movies/shows act like they have no idea what a zombie is. Hav… 
I'm a Star Wars fan since a little kid so I hope this movie is better than the last 2. Anyways the Original trilo… 
I am not a fan if the SWJ stuff either but still enjoy many if their movies. I just feel… 
I think all the prequels could have been condensed into one movie, then we could have had two movies wi… 
I'll never forget the morning after The Last Jedi came out, &amp; I checked my notificat… 
“Hmmm. Storming off and not speaking. Because that’s what people who are right and NOT hypocrites do.”Damn, these… 
FL Studio &amp; Movies 
I just want Disney to make one good Star Wars movie. Is that too much to ask? And I’m talking about the saga films.… 
Imagine for second if the creative minds had an actual story would run through all 3 movies? Imagine if we saw… 
"12 Strong" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
hey man you can pirate moves. like watch them for free. and movies aren't that long. idk like i'm kind of… 
#movies #inspirational #streaming #entertainment #faith #ChristianMovies #MoviesOnDemandEnjoy Streaming Faith Bas… 
ALL Disney movies? Will this include Song of the South? 
KOTOR 2 was released unfinished and still has a better story than all but two of the movies. 
Disney Reveals First Look at Live-Action 'Lady and the Tramp' 
This needs to happen. Author Barbara Kingsolver once wrote that there might be a lot less gun violenc… 
This Disney+ Streaming service is definitely a power move. The biggest question is can they consolidate subscriptio… 
I just need to know that Disney+ will have all movies  
There are people who’s entire identity is being mad about new Star Wars movies. 
I mean, I love the idea of Palpatine being the overall villain of Star Wars. He’s that well written and… 
My child can be whatever the hell they wanna be as long as they don't make me take them to see Star Wars movies. 
The new movies are the old moviesIt's lame sauce banana tacos if you all me. 
'Star Wars' releases trailer for new film, titled 'The Rise of Skywalker' 
From Sandlot " you're Killin me Smalls."  From the Rocky movies " yo Adrian. I didn't hear no Bell. g… 
One of my favorite movies!Mackenzie on the Radio 
New trailer offers first look at the next 'Star Wars' film, 'The Rise of Skywalker' &gt;&gt; 
Here's what you can call it. 
The "JAWS" of midnight movies! AGFA is proud to bring REEFER MADNESS back to the big screen for the first time in d… 
hey uh, just cause i'm too lazy to really look into it, are the MCU movies going to be available on Disney +?? i kn… 
Rated R for STRONG bloody violence, gore, and language. Enjoy  - Now Playing in #Minneapolis in ICON•… 
There are a lot of great journalism movies. Here are our top 25. via 
Lol I figured you would be the first response. Some of the Marvel movies are definitely overrated,… 
I'm still excited. I've never been let down by a Star Wars movie and don't understand why people complain about the new movies. 
I am just going to watch and enjoy my dumb space wizard movies in peace and that's that on that. 
14 Dazzling Photos Show Off Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - #StarWars 
Every movies is about the Skywalkers or someone connected to them. Star Wars is about the Skywalker family 
Well, i don't blame people. After all, most of us h… 
If properly made into movies, the Thrawn trilogy would have grossed $3 billion. Unfortunately instead… 
Listen to and I absolutely geek the f*** out about the news Star Wars trailer! All sorts of theories a… 
They all talk so much shit. Until the enemy is at the gates, like 9/11. Then it's a whole differen… 
What? They never saw any of the planet of the apes movies? Should be required 
Casino &amp; Ocean’s 11, 12, &amp; 13 are my favorite movies of all times. 
Dude if you’re talking solely based on movies without the knowledge of… 
Star Wars movies are WIIIIIZZZZZEEEEEAK ! I haven’t even watched the newer ones but I sure they weak too 
I agree, they had every opportunity to tell a much better story. Lets be real, Leia and Lando die com… 
Not me, he had clones in legends and palpatine living past return of the Jedi should’ve s… 
Well now I'm just confused! I thought the whole point of the new #StarWars movies was to kill of all the old cast,… 
Also unpopular opinion: the Marvel movies are overrated 
I was worried about The Last Jedi killing my love for Star Wars (still haven’t watched Solo). At the very least, I… 
It’s just nonsense that they made 3 Star Wars movies about Rey and Kylo Ren and neither Daisy Ridley or Adam Driver… 
My only problem was that it made me like the version in the new movies even less. 
Also you should be proud of this, Matt: “With movies, as with sex, anticipation is part of… 
I just really don’t think they understand the mythology of Star Wars past a superficia… 
Spending all day in bed with my husband watching movies and napping will forever be better than going out on a date in my opinion  
Guys that Star Wars trailer made me cry... I grew up with these movies. First true epic story in my life. When the… 
OK. I'm glad. I'm just thrown by the new title. I thought we were done with Skywalkers. As much as I liked seeing t… 
New video! I took on a task that I had no right to take on, and ranked all 20 MCU movies so far. And, no, I don’t a… 
I'm like that with movies. 
disney you screwed up a legend i want a refund from the past 3 movies, does not mean make another movie. boo!!! 
Lucasfilm Debuts First Poster For Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker  - 
There’s no pleasing people. Everyone hates everything. I like to go into things with an open mind. Pl… 
Exclusive: Mary Lambert’s 9 Favorite Pet Sematary 1989 Memories - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
The sooner we forget about those movies the better. We must let the past die. 
When I watch your early movies, I forget what a doddering tool you've become 
Why 1999 was the 'Best. Movie. Year. Ever.' #SextaDetremuraSDV 
Cuddles and movies would slap rn  
Welp...looks like they tried to fix SW after your horrible movie. However, so far I'm not feeling the… 
These movies make me remember all my own cringeworthy teenage moments. How seriously we… 
Also, I feel like Milla Jovovitch went to the same acting school as Alfred Molina, because both seem… 
This will be the only movie where they actually establish anything connecting the previous 2 movies with Luke's sto… 
Man 2 movies are coming to an end this year and I'm sad about it avengers and star wars why couldn't 2019 be a better year 
i just want to have only spinoff movies please 
you’re watching the entire series of movies before we see this one. Sorry but on this one thing you ha… 
"How appropriate that 'Amazing Grace' is arriving in theaters just in time for Easter. It’s an act of cinematic res… 
Cuase the Movies unfathomable: 
Say what you will about the current state of #StarWars movies. Daisy Ridley is a true gem and I believe she will ma… 
Records &amp; Brews today 6-9p &lt;&gt; Rain or Shine &lt;&gt; Inside or Out  No cover  Kids &amp; Dogs  welcome vinyl on… 
Me Yesterday: “There are some many other movies I am more interested in than Star Wars IX.”Me Today: “Hey Siri, H… 
And yes that WAS the emperor's voice since after they revealed the trailer, the guy who PLAYED the emp… 
E12 is kinda like "Final Fantasy The Spirits Within". Phantoms from a dead world. In E12s case Gaia herself. Whatev… 
Early 2000’s Christmas movies make me feel all gooey and nostalgic 
Did we read snow this weekend? ...NO!! Cold, blustery weather ...Worry not, we have new books &amp; movies right on… 
The 5 Best Videos Of The Week 
 Movies with live talking dogs are ALWAYS great. Can't wait. 
Ah nigga might have to actually watch all the Star Wars movies in order 
With Videocamp you can schedule free public screenings of the documentary The Beginning of Life worldwide. It's eas… 
Don’t get me wrong, I still like the prequels. I like/love all Star Wars movies, including Las… 
Enter for a chance to win a custom 'Missing Link' Echo Dot from Amazon! Offer valid 4/5 - 4/19 &gt;&gt;&gt;… 
Working on a new entry. Don't know exactly when it'll be finished because I'm starting on the #artwork  right now.… 
1 has dumb parts and good parts. 2 and 3 have arguably the coolest parts of any movies but th… 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise Of Skywalker | Teaser Trailer | MTV Movies Weeeeeeeeeeeee 
There’s nothing quite like date night at the theaters! Take your favorite person to the movies and catch one of the… 
Stop making #StarWars movies 
Me:Man, these new Star Wars movies suck. I’m not gonna go see Episode Nine.JJ Abrams: 
People are easily forgetting Dr. Kermit Gosnell.Remember the horrors of what he did &amp; why we can no… 
YEEESS!!!!//‘Star Wars’: See First Trailer for ‘Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker’ via 
I dont watch tv or movies 
I think that's my problem - films that are "deep and thought-provoking" usually bore me (weird, I know). T… 
It's like lumping all people who dont care about Marvel movies with the F*** Marvelt… 
Most of the star wars movies have been been train wrecks, dude. 
choices made in the film is a completely seperate thing. That’s what makes it divisive. Arthouse movies are typical… 
Have you seen the movies bro 
Eww I’m turning in to my mum I have organised my shirts in to categories i so far have GamingMovies FunnyRandom… 
‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle in Episode IX #Star Wars 
It’s ok to dislike certain movies or games of a franchise but if you sit there a… 
Hello! Our youth librarians are always happy to help find the perfect book for little ones. Stop by an… 
“While y’all were watching movies I’m standing outside of a car flexing on the internet” 
Today’s hot topics on Relevant Radio: Hello DC, Benedict XVI letter, deadly meth epidemic, Freedom’s Detective, Hol… 
Slate Spoiler Specials: Little #slate_podcast_movies_spoiler_specials 
Ready for your first look at Episode IX? 
Movies and Food!!! 
Kim Possible is here to save the world! Bring her home in Disney DVD now! 
Woke Take: JJ should have been given the whole trilogy, he’s probably the best person to make these mo… 
What country produces the most movies per year? 
The force is strong with this one. What do you think of the new trailer? 
The Internet Reacts To #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Title Reveal - 
The last 2 movies were both bad. Hopefully the old republic trilogy will be good. 
"Ad:" Big Box of Horror, Vol. 2: 15 Movies (DVD, 2014, 3-Disc Set) Fantasy: FlyingTr 
I love that feeling of being so excited to make an awesome thing exist so that you can share it with other people. #independentfilm #movies 
We need to get these younger kids interested in this wonderful movies. They need to live on! 
Dude, I’m not even you, and I fucking hate the fans that are a little older than me. The comment section on the new… 
The Crosstown Arts Weekly Film Series kicks off in Crosstown Theater on May 2 with the Memphis premiere of the musi… 
You mean stop making Kathleen Kennedy mutated star wars movies. 
Want to watch a movie or read this weekend? If it's a movie #Unplanned is my pick. It is in the top 10 #movies. If… 
Good point, the warmth of the colors in 90s and 80s films startles me sometimes. I would hon… 
I like the original trilogy. The prequels were okay, when I was a teenager and didn't know any better. And… 
“A thousand generations live in you now”Did I miss the part in the last movie where Rey took Luke’s head and abso… 
Avengers movies will play an entire 3 days yhoo  khale ke lebelletsi die deng 
Months ago, I told someone I do various activities alone like movies, out-eating, bars, etc. They said “I worry and… 
Hot take - I 100% do not give a shit about #StarWars and the fact that they keep making shitty movies dilutes the q… 
Come to Cincinnati and we can go to the movies 
I prefer TCW Anakin of course, but I do agree he did well with what he was given. And coming from som… 
There's so many movies and shows that I'm looking forward to this year but the return of GoT has me su… 
20 Star Wars movies and not a single fist fight between actual stars. Time to sue 
Star Wars... Game of Thrones... there sure are a lot of movies and tv shows being made these days 
The first 10 minutes or so of Shazam felt like the really bad DC movies, but then color happened and the rest was great 
13 confirmed movies and TV shows Disney is making for its Netflix competitor, Disney Plus $DIS  
They’ve made 8 Star Wars movies in 20 years.  marvel has 22 in 10 years? y’all weak. 
I guess I’m watching the Star Wars: Episode 9 trailer. You’d think (as someone who has watched all the movies, pl… 
Oh no I watched a four hour movie about community theater and it turns out I like watching movies 
Wifi. Wine. Movies. And great sex. 
A great read from the era of the first #Avengers (2012), lengthy playful cast interview (sans my fave, pity as the… 
I’m still waiting for Reidy to do a movies/tv podcast with me... 
It seems like 2019 is the year for movies and every day we get a new trailer for something super exciting and I’m j… 
That'd be interesting, but he's a Solo, yeah? I dunno. These movies have suffered by being so focu… 
We just did a marathon watch of all Star Wars movies with my daughter a few weeks ago and now I can’t wait to see her hype for this teaser. 
Which I also get. We like to see people do the right thing. But weve now had 2 movies of h… 
TDKR is a solid comparison. But at the end of the day, both of them are well made movies where the good ou… 
I love these movies when you win Civilization, especially this one &lt;3 #NintendoSwitch 
Finished watching every marvel movie (timeline order not release date order) and  yo, these movies fit mad perfect… 
Join CAB for the last night of SPRING FLING WEEK: "A Night at the Movies" for MOVIE NIGHT!! We will be showing the… 
At the Movies: ‘Diane’ Earns Indie Acclaim - by #MeganBianco Director #KentJones 
Y’all watch to many movies  
New Posters Show Zac Efron’s Extremely Wicked Side As Ted Bundy - 
these dang emotional love driven Netflix shows/movies consistently put me in my feelings lol 
Top Five Animated Disney Movies - 
What happen to "have fun, they're space wizard movies for kids"? 
i am confused? just like this movies identity. at once trying to be both deadpool and lord of the rings it got wholly lost within itself. 
Ok? You obviously have no clue about the star wars fanbase.Most people who enjoy star wars… 
At least JJ Abrams has hold of these new movies again  
Sterling Van Wagenen was also the co-founder of Sundance Institute and a prominent LDS filmmaker. He directed the W… 
Preach!! They want it to be a norm that shit ain’t right. Brainwashing kids in every way. Like Michael… 
PEOPLE NEED TO STOP COMING OUT WITH MOVIES THAT MAKE ME LOSE MY FREAKING MIND, PLEASE 
It also could just as well be the first one crashed on Yavin 4.Although, having it be either of tho… 
Initial excited thoughts: is Rey a freaking clone?! This would definitely be in line with a lot of extended univers… 
I am still going to see it. Just saw some people say that Star Wars sucks and is boring compared to Ma… 
How many Star Wars movies do we really need? 
It would be really cool if he is haunting the ruins because they haven’t explored that much in the movies. The Dark… 
Yes!! It’s disappointing when the “news” scapegoats videogames, movies, music, anime, manga… 
Thank you so much to Peterson AFB Chapel and Peterson AFB: 21st Space Wing for letting us be a part of the Deployed… 
Exactly. All Nine Movies will not be connected through Palpatine, probably now the most powerf… 
those movies are trash compared to the og ones 
My partner because he is FULLY OBSESSED with terry stone, recites ALL of rise of the foot solider 2… 
You do not know what to do and you are tired of blockbuster movies, check this out: a wonderful and moving document… 
lebron went to lakers to make movies and tv shows 
Was looking for a link, guess they just overwrote the last livestream with the current one. I agree… 
I ain't watching 1 Star Wars trailer. The only Star Wars trailer of the new movies I seen is The Force… 
Oh, there is so much meaning to it, but we will just have to wait and see in December.  Unfortunately, there… 
I'm excited for Star Wars because I enjoy the movies and also because the Trve Star Wars fans fans ar… 
The last movie really jumped the shark for me. Also, how many damn movies have to be… 
Recently watched though some really good movies! Also, some quick codes for the people! 
I need coto movies  pet cemetery bruh 
Lil drum video I did for my homie #film #drumvideo #movies #artists #Aftertheburial Five Points,… 
K I’ve been pissed now for a few years how the new #StarWars movies handled Han &amp; Luke (and lazily recycled the Emp… 
Wait a minute. 4 movies in a row? Force Awakens was good, Rogue One was good. The… 
I loved Rogue One, but all the others were a snooze fest. I’ve been a fan of Star Wars my en… 
Will smith never been in movies with other good actors Denzel has Will Is often by hisself… 
I know you’re angry that the movies are so focused in Skywalkers, but I gotta ask: if there’s all this outcry for e… 
You're welcome, by the way Paul verhoeven movies are so gory and violent but in a very good filmatic wa… 
I understand that perspective, but there are more interesting ways of accomplishing fun than simply re… 
I hate Ben but do you actually like the new Star Wars movies? I'm just curious, because I think Rian Johnson is a fuckin idiot. 
It is an odd choice, but they are saying future installments are going to be well outs… 
Happens every time I go to the movies. 
I mean, I've played enough good Star Wars video games to know there are other directions, but, well, the movies ain't it. 
You made a disappointing movie not a bad one thanks for at least trying something different… 
Also, by the way, makes a human connection with Finn, which is the most important… 
It would be really cool if he is haunting the ruins because they haven’t explored that much in the movi… 
what’s up with this trend in modern movies and TV shows of homecoming dances/proms playing only 80s music? as someo… 
I love these movies! They make me so happy, even in tough times. I really hope #EpisodeIX has a #queer ch… 
I'm in the minority of loving Star Wars : The Last Jedi.  You can say my taste in movies suck, but really, your pre… 
Listen that "nope. nah" SENT ME! She still tryna go to the movies and you curved  whew chillay...y'all are funny. 
MOVIES: Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker - News Roundup *Updated 12th April 2019* (Posted: 2019-04-12 13:33:37)… 
Disney killed Star Wars for me and I will always hate them for it.  We still have the ori… 
The thing I find crazy is how there can be source material for the movies but it's almost like the… 
Four movies in a row are "missteps"? You're too kind. You must be a Denver media member 
I'll probably lay about watching old movies and messaging friends xD 
Have you seen #NoahCentineo in #ThePerfectDate yet? #Netflix 
Somehow I know I’m gonna end up seeing the new Star Wars. I’ve liked maybe 3 of the 900 movies they’ve released yet… 
Not to tick off those of you who are Star Wars fans, I even worked with Hayden once and loved talking to him about… 
The new trilogy has it's flaws but I still enjoy the hell out of it. People take movies way too seriously. 
Do you think a empty nester couple want to watch Disney movies? 
**NEW** A teaser trailer for #StarWars Episode IX teaser trailer has #movies #MovieNews #StarWarsIX 
Bout to start watching all the Marvel movies in correct order starting next week. 
Didn't the Skywalkers already rise? Risen? The title doesnt bode well for the film with me. USA TODAY: 'Star Wars:… 
Anthony Daniels — famous for playing C-3PO in the Star Wars movies — will publish his first book this fall. Title t… 
Hey now that your DC movies are critically and commercially successful again, I would very much like a… 
Palpatine laughing is just about the last thing I wanted to hear in any of these movies. I’m hoping it’s a metaphor… 
I really want an Obi-Wan movie. I remain hopeful. Star Wars franchise will go on “hiatus” af… 
I’ve seen enough science fiction movies to know how this turns out. 
Does the Star Wars #EpisodeIX trailer really need a laugh track? We know these movies are hilarious. Jeez. 
These kids only think the military is what they see in military mov… 
Not for me mannot feeling these superhero movies...plus StarWars was my childhood 
Yeah same. And at least the movie every year thing they are doing has different movies instead of a being… 
The trailer reminds me of how disappointing TLJ was. Kinda ruined any motivation or interest in seei… 
Ooooooh! Looks soo good! #starwarstheriseofskywalker Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise Of Skywalker | Teaser Trailer |… 
Etv and ads between movies... 
I mean, JJ Abrams makes fun movies that are extremely easy to digest and fill viewers w/ wonder, and I… 
They needed it out before to play in front of Star Wars. When I worked projectors at a movie theater m… 
So, out today. 
harry potter movies &amp; chill 
I love #StarWars. I always have.But my hype level heading into Episode IX is vastly diminished, in comparison to… 
Its Friday! And today we have movies for you check out and watch this weekend; we also discuss people being dumb, w… 
Love Death + Robots S1 E10: the fact that they need to eat to go from human to werewolf and that's how… 
That bridge is what I wanted to see in the reboot movies. Its breathtaking and beautiful. Thanks. 
Solo is not the movie you said was terrible and was not directed by "crazy dude" Rian Johnson.  Last Je… 
2019The year of epic movies Endgame Godzilla 
There are. Too many. Half Life 3, another good Silent Hill game, good DC movies. For awhile it was new… 
People like to shit on the new star wars movies but I don't think they're that bad like Episode 7 is honestly pretty good 
I’ll betcha these stingy bastards do nothing to help. They talk a good… 
The world: we just want 3 good new Star Wars movies Rian Johnson: 
DB Weiss/David Benioff didn’t do anything good until GoT. In fact, one of them wrot… 
Love movies not bad ones tho 
I need the entire database of Disney Channel Original Movies pls 
I know the Star Wars movies have been hit or miss recently, but IX’s title is more than enough to get me in the the… 
I LOVED Star Wars ever since I saw the first one in the 70s.What I've learned from the later movies once… 
What lengths goes to to get people like Carrie Fisher in movies like Star Wars is amazing. 
Review: ‘Mary Magdalene’ is a graceful portrait of a foundational figure in Christianity 
Thank God. I guess they finally realized the franchise can't be over saturated like superhero movies and still make… 
I just published It’s not ‘High Noon’. It doesn’t need to be. My latest #flim review.… 
 $NFLX #NFLX MSP ALGO Market Maker Snatch Alerts A HIT! omg A  Signal Ranking: 10 - Someone FLUSHED hard on that o… 
Netflix over the last year has been on the decline with their programming.  Especially with kids. At $69.… 
"‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT… 
All movies are superior to all other movies 
"‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle" by DAVE ITZKOFF via NYT The New York Tim… 
Oh hey the NBA playoffs and the new Star Wars movies have something in common.I'm still not watching either of th… 
It leads all Star Wars movies in "FUUUUUUUUUCK DUDE" moments and I will go to my grave thinking this 
Would’ve been down with that. Just needed a unified vision. But I have enjoyed both movie… 
Those movies are bad, yo 
2019 movies are coming for our fn necks! 
Tasty takeout and TV is always a perfect match. Catch this rundown of the hot new shows dropping this season:… 
Movie producers are so bad at their jobs lol they’re just like “make another x” over and over. so lame. Imagine ANO… 
Breaking video news: ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle" via NYT #movies #films 
From NY Times: "‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer: Watch Rey Prepare for Battle" 
Love Death + Robots S1 E10: the fact that they need to eat to go from human to werewolf and that's how t… 
I only saw it once, it’s just really hard to rewatch either of the Hayden Christensen movies  
Both of those movies were hot garbage in my opinion.  I agree TFA gave to muc… 
"Yo JJ, I'm really happy for you, and Imma let you finish, but Rian Johnson made one of the best Star Wars movies of all time." 
Isn't that how all people should die in movies. 
will #DisneyPlus include 90s Disney channel movies? Cause that's the only way if make the switch. Or old sc… 
The new trilogy was kind of screwed when Kathleen Kennedy didn't walk into the first meeting with a story arc laid… 
Especially since the more I watch the Potter movies, the more aggravated I get at the major plot point… 
Star Wars has put out more god awful movies than good movies. #ChangeMyMind 
Johnson cleaned the slate perfectly for a final film about the conflict btwn Rey and Kylo but JJ just cant stop him… 
To all the trolls and haters who hate on the new movies, this is for you. Can’t wait for this movie to co… 
Thank god the new trailer dropped before I went to work. #StarWars #StarWarsCelebaration… 
This!! #StarWars #TheRiseofSkywalker  
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer Teases The Emperor's Return - 
Maybe three movies was enough? Its ok that things end. 
All Star Wars movies to be available on DisneyPlus 
Since I havent been that high on Disney's Star Wars movies it's a distinct possibility but Star Wars… 
I'm always wary of new #StarWars movies until I see the trailers and then I'm all in. Between now and opening day t… 
Turns out all this time SpongeBob and his friends have been struggling to come to terms with adulthood, just as you… 
The second one is way WAY worse if you can believe it. It is one of the least convincing movies I have ever seen. 
Everyone's screaming that Palpatine is back but that ain't Palpatine until they show his face. For all we know that… 
I'm enjoying it. The thicker ones take me even longer than the first two. So stinking thick.I have s… 
when will we see your books in the movies! Your fans would love to see a movie; any possibility? 
I really liked the move to make her a genuine nobody who doesn't have a bloodline or family legacy to uph… 
And least they're not making new Star Wars movies for awhile 
I'm ready for the saga to end. It's amazing how 9 movies can make you want to know more about how the… 
Live movies?  
I have seen every one of the movies when they originally ca… 
Netflix's Market Value Dropped $8 Billion After the Disney Plus Announcement #Movies #TV 
i havent seen any star wars movies so i feel this completely omg 
Totally. I don’t like several of the movies but I grow tired of people saying Rian Johnson r… 
Avengers: EndgameSpider-Man: Far From HomeStar Wars Episode IXJohn Wick 3These 4 movies alone make for 2019 to be the best year ever! 
They're still making Star Wars movies? 
Finn And Poe Strengthen Their Bromance In New Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Photo - 
Watch AFTER 2019 Full Movie HD on 123moviesPLAYING NOW!______________***______________Watch AFTER in HD &gt;&gt;&gt;… 
These days, all the best Star Wars in on TV. Clone Wars, Rebels, and now Resistance are all better than b… 
'Star Wars' Episode IX 'Rise of Skywalker' sees evil emperor return 
This ones love language is sending me a hard dive full of movies. It’s cute tbh  
Disney is the greatest company of all time. They’ve been killing it with their movies, Disney+ is going to be aweso… 
Lord knows I can't stand JJ Abrams Star Trek movies. But there's definitely hope for him on the Star Wars side of things. #StarWars 
Am I the only one that thinks meh, when it comes the ep.IX trailer? I mean the flip is pretty bad ass, but who is t… 
I love that movie, I love all of 's movies!!! 
I love horror movies, but sometimes I do worry about that myself. 
#News Disney+ streaming service to launch in November #skynews #BreakingNews 
#FlashbackFriday to  1 year ago April 2018 when the now CEO of Cegar faced the world with her head h… 
I can immediately tell which one was in space for a long time because I have seen space movies 
As a fan of #StarWars, I need to complain about the biggest thing that bothers me of the new movies. It is not poss… 
Alicia Vikander returning for Tomb Raider sequel with new writer #SextaDetremuraSDV 
Another Star Wars, most boring movies ever watched  
That’s a fantastic teaser for Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker! I love how it opens with heavy, anxious breathing,… 
While I consider myself a casual fan of the movies, I’m very happy to have J.J. Abrams steering IX. The dude just g… 
#Movie "Apartment Troubles" (2014) 
The Rise of Skywalker is the next Star Wars movie, watch the teaser now 
Brilliant. Although I would feel bad for the ones who wish they didn’t live in a sanctuary city. H… 
'Star Wars: Episode IX' Will Be The Last Star Wars #Movie For a While 
The Best Superhero #Movies of All Time 
Some days it blows my mind that we live in a world where The Avengers are going to be the biggest thing in movies t… 
I didn't catch up with it till the summer of '17, but I confess I was wowed by the care they took with deta… 
Did you know, there’s an official movie to Mac Miller’s “Watching Movies With the Sound Off”? THERE IS! Turtle: The… 
It’ll be so great when Disney quits butchering Star Wars movies. 
Way too much going on in the cover. The Rampage trilogy is terrible. All of Uwe Boll’s movies stink b… 
I also don’t want tons of memberberries shit, just have a decent balance. That’s what Last Jedi was about in the lo… 
Why You Should Chew On ‘Ravenous’ (1999) #Movies #TV 
I think I'm equally excited to see this movie as I am to see all these "fans" cry about these movies sinc… 
Lin-Manuel Miranda's 'In the Heights' Completes Casting of Four Main Leads; Filming This Summer in Uptown NYC… 
Episode VIII: let the past dieEpisode IX: hold that thought. Here’s Lando, Paltapine is back 3 movies after he di… 
First photo from Disney's "Lady and the Tramp" live-action remake #Movies #TV 
But that’s exactly what they problematized and shook up in these movies: it’… 
And Rian Johnson.  If any of those movies are even ever made. 
Oh well I was asleep most of the time. After Disney bought Star Wars the only thing those movies have b… 
"man, am I glad I called THAT guy.."#movies #moviequotes 
Star Wars is so bad -- the DC of the space movies 
I can't wait until Star Wars movies aren't just "how many references to the original trilogy can we cram into this?… 
Anybody who goes to see that in theatres is just a moron, who’s enabling them to make more movies 
I loved all the new Star Wars movies under Disney and yes I grew up with the original trilogy.. al… 
Should have been the movies. 
Just got off the phone with my mom and she’s going to the movies with her friends. I love seeing her enjoy herself for once. 
indeed is the best Patricia! It normally takes me 2-3 days to complete his books. when will we… 
Like this design better than the new movies.… 
Celebrate #Earthday with these 10 #kidsmovies! #kidsactivities #science #elementary… 
I think save Ben is most likely. I can see what you're saying but personally would be pretty annoyed if th… 
It seems like for Rey to be enough of a hero, what you’re saying is that she… 
YESYESYESYES 2:00 trailer for the next drops!!! O THE POT… 
im not going to decode anything anymore,,you FBI guys can figure the rest out.im not going to go to work anymore… 
Great if you have kids, not so great for adults. I suspect wide-spread (age-wise) support will largely… 
Stop into the library, Thursday, April 18th for Open Play Gaming! It's also a great day to stop in and pick up book… 
How many movies have been made since 2005 with “Rise of” or “Rising” or “Rises” in the title? Thirty? Are we out of verbs? 
"I don't particularly like the Nolan Batman movies. I just really like… 
2019 is gonna be a TRAUMATIZING year for tv and movies for me and I am not emotionally prepared at all 
They "killed it off" only in the sense that they are free to pick what they take to the movies. 
Those criticism can all be applied to the new movies exc… 
The first and third movies of the original trilogy had them on Tatooine. Maybe this tril… 
Sadly, I think they're releasing so many Star Wars movies now that I don't get excited about them anymore. There's… 
Wonder if will ever have an Apple TV app. They've got a ton of movies I'd like to watch through my membership. 
I think both movies are great. 
Watch Mia and the White Lion #MiaandtheWhiteLion opens today!  #movies #family #kidsfilms #parenting #kids 
again. probably should have been confirmed in the previous film. (Which I thoroughly enjoyed). Maybe have… 
"a star wars movie that didn't call back to literally every theme and plot point from the first three movies could… 
Rereading the series right now. There’s so much that was cut out. The HP movies were good, but inco… 
The Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer is Here!!! - 
Horror movies&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
 I hate romantic movies 
J.J. Abrams Reveals When Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Takes Place - #StarWars 
USA TODAY: Star Wars Celebration: Live updates from the 'Episode IX' movie 
Aren’t Hallmark movies that to the film world?  Community Theatre is to Broadway as a Hallmark movie is to Cinema?! 
So just launched the Disney+ service, which is nice. The problem will be when every studio decides to do th… 
do you still like horror movies? 
Star Wars Celebration reveals 'Episode IX' trailer and title: 'The Rise of Skywalker' via 
At The Movies (1986) 
The Wolf Of Wall Street + Project X  Two movies that were such extremes they could never get sequels 
I want all the people that were angry about the diversity and changes in the new Star Wars movies to really really… 
One of my favorite movies of all time. Zach Snyder &lt;3 
Maybe the "Star Wars" refers to the wars these movies are having with themselves as each one seems to… 
New Star Wars?  They only made three movies. 
It is dead. They are stopping new movies for awhile after this. Because it IS dead. When does… 
Im going to disagree bc latino culture is full of racism and antiblackness to a point that poc latinos… 
True. Monster movies are a niche genre despite advocacy from its fans 
Well, at least now when the intelligent apes rise up against us, it will begin in China and we'll have a… 
About to watch #HellBoy  #Movies #SuperheroReview to follow... ^CB 
I remember when the reason adventure movies were good was they followed the hero/heroine journey a… 
Solving the movies plot with 2 minutes of video. 
#EpisodeIX officially hate the title, but could be one of the best star Wars movies ever!  
Literally all movies suck. At lesst Star Wars has laser swords. 
You can have your little star war movies, i have Mortal Engines 
Missing Link brings stop-motion animation back to the screen with Laika's fifth theatric release! So does it live u… 
the music is what makes every one of those movies.  drives the trailers as well, the leia theme in this one is edgy and really on fire 
Movies: Green BookBird BoxIsn't it romanticSecond ActWhat man wantInstant family… 
On one hand, I like the idea that anyone, no matter what, can be a hero. On the other, it seems li… 
PLEASE click visit  … …  #writers #author #stories #child #mum #dad #parent #magazines… 
My gripe with these recent movies is they eithera) pander way too much to established Star Wars-ism (Ep VII)orb… 
Yes, we who love and cover movies can be bummed at seeing so much oxygen in the conversation sucked up by 3 or 4 fr… 
I like Rey’s character so far. The offshoot movies are ass but the actual story is aight minus some stupid… 
Oh no not only powerful ones ever per se, but like, in the movies they are effectively the most powerfu… 
That makes sense. but it'd be so cool to take the movies back there. 
Happy this is coming to a end. Not because of the movies themselves but how insanely toxic the Star Wars fandom is.… 
Oh hell yeah I'm going to see it and probably love it. I just think a name that could apply to literally a… 
Don't see it. I mean I agree that the Movies were poorly received but saying Cavill was perfectly cas… 
Why can't she be a Skywalker? We know that there are bold, blatant "lies" in Star Wars movies. Obi-Wan told Luke th… 
Bad wow?(I haven't followed the movies at all, but I know rabid fanboys are jerks. That's the only… 
I know dude!!! I never even watch those movies and I knew who that shit was!!!! It fucking gave me goosebumps LOL 
Thinking about AMC! Pretty close to us, not as quality of a theater in our area but good movies. A… 
I mean I too would like to think I amounted to more than that, but as a broad stroke, grounded take, that is correc… 
Why? An awesome cast and the movies plots are the best! I am looking forward to June 7! 
#StarWarsCelebaration reveals 'Episode IX' trailer and title: 'The Rise of Skywalker' via 
Yeah like... I knew JJ would go mining through the previous movies picking out whatever he possibly… 
I do this all the time. It’s embarrassing. I did it at the movies last week. “Hope you enjoy the… 
I loved the movies Bird Box and ... now, I must find time over this weekend to watch The Silence o… 
With 864 movies, it's hard to keep track. 
Honestly I’m gonna get it. It’ll make so much more sense with my kids. They’re getting 18/21 Pixar movies. 
I think TPM is far and away the best out of those movies. The confrontation between An… 
Drink water, Read a book, watch series or movies  or just  chill on Twitter 
Just go with Cinemark MoviePass. Sure, you don't get as many movies for the price but they also work… 
Celebration reveals 'Episode IX' trailer and title: 'The Rise of Skywalker' | #StarWarsCelebration… 
Here are the movies and shows coming to Disney+ #KMOV 
I'm watching Veronica Mars (2014) #trakt 
i am a Strong Boy capable of spending my dollerz on artsy mangas, foreign movies, and cam gurlz instead of Diznee Brand Wienerstoreez 
2-million dollars a day boy... 
I just kind of meh about this movie tbh. If it wasn't for the nostalgia of the original Star Wars mo… 
That's a good characteristic to build a tragedy on, but the movies we got don't live up to it. 
Star Wars ain’t just “technically okay movies” it’s a mythology, and I don’t like the… 
Star Wars has been a part of my entire life.I've lost count how many times I've watched these movies (except ep 8… 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' Trailer Released Author: Jon HueberClick to here to read --&gt;… 
Really? Not feelin' it myself. In fact the recent crop of movies (other than Fighting with my Family an… 
Cause Disney doesn't want to make more furries out of their movies. 
WE HAVE A TITLE (and a teaser), bless you Celebration via 
I’m going to watch and enjoy the new Star Wars movie because they are fun, exciting movies and not a vessel for my… 
Check out this list Funko Pop Movies Jurassic Park-Dilophosaurus from A list of the gift ideas for the 2019 check t… 
As a Steve, I've started to really identify with the Emperor. It's brought me closer to the movies in… 
If you want to make something most #StarWars fans will be happy about. Just make trailers from now on. No actual… 
Between this and Josh disliking the Nolan Batman movies, I think it's… 
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker - Teaser Trailer | #StarWars #SkywalkerSaga #EpisodeIX #PopcornMovies #Movies… 
In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would Recognize 
Lots of people would put lots of movies ahead of Ernest.None of those people are me. 
I'm a casual viewer so I don't know enough to do much more than enjoy them as popcorn movies, but I d… 
Meh. I’ve seen better trailers for straight to vhs movies. This trailer is a sad hashing of TFA and TLJ trailers. O… 
I'd almost dislike him more at that point.  Pick a lane, Kylo! lolIf it takes you the l… 
listen, LISTEN I’m about to go the hell home, get into my comfy clothes, light a damn lavender candle, &amp; put on som… 
8 movies have been about a family. Would be pretty weird for movie 9 to suddenly not be 
Oh my word. 2019 is shaping up to be an *epic* year for movies... I CAN’T EVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I cant remember a single line from any of the new movies. I think I like the prequels more. 
Star Wars "Return of the Social Justice Jedi".  I'm not going to bother.  Maybe when it's out on Netflix.  The last… 
So journalists and people on wall street say Disney is worried, but no quotes from anyone from Disney… 
I’m in absolute awe. I don’t think I caught every red flag to big plot points (not that I should). But,… 
How about stealing some home movies of... sex with spouse or bathroom breaks? No journalis… 
This has to be the best year of movies ever 
We're ready. #StarWars 
Put 2 and 2 together to avoid a catch22. All movies from the past that I have watched where warning us about future… 
JJ ABRAMS SHOULD HAVE DIRECTED ALL THREE MOVIES 
Scary movies don’t actually scare me anymore.. It’s this real life stuff that spooks the hell outta me!!! 
I’m most excited about endgame and the new Star Trek series that marks the return of Patrick Stewar… 
The first teaser for "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" is here!! Who's already planning their trip to the movies??? 
A wayward LAPD SWAT Sergeant avenges his son's death, but when an ancient kingdom rises to control the world, he mu… 
it's been 8 movies guys!!!! it doesn't get more clear than this!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Solo was easily the best of the recent Star Wars movies:1) None of that The Force mumbo-jumbo.2) Han shoots firs… 
I literally just realized that only one person has played the Emperor/Palpatine in the movies. I always just though… 
Old enough to remember when you'd hire movies the cover of the VHS had a note politely asking you to rewind the cas… 
The trailer for ‘Star Wars: Episode IX’ is finally here. 
Absolutely LOVE #zombie movies. Hands down. Favourite sub genre. Ever. Thanks for a really great dis… 
Don’t see any movies. It just makes them think we actually want more. 
They need to do three movies on his orgin and rise to power. Cast Cumberbacht and take all my money 
I am going to lose my whole entire shit over the new Lion King movie. My soft, sensitive heart is never going to be… 
I believe this 100%. We PAY them our attention and they sell us our reality by influencing our thoughts v… 
i think kylos gonna get his redemption arc but it is just interesting how like... that would be unquestionably the… 
chilling with bae watching Movies  
Pokemon movies have a historically terrible track record, and the CGI on this one is very questionable 
Episode of Scooby Doo where Scooby and Shaggy are the CGI model and Matthew Lillard from the movies and… 
I don't think I've ever felt so dirty as I do right now in absolutely wanting to see the next Star Wars movie....… 
Palestine’s last clone has been the protagonist of the last 3 movies duh 
They’re supposed to be getting all Star Wars movies, all Marvels, and all of the Fox owned movies. 
Suggest moviesAny kind of movies wag lang romance or love story 
Worst part of the last 2 movies has been her 
I mean realistically, there’s only really been 2 truly good Star Wars movies (episode… 
all movies look cool in trailers... bringing back palpatine (my favorite) is stupid! its 2 movies too… 
Respect, but do you mute tv commercials for movies you are considering? 
New Action Movies 2015 English _ Best Action  Comedy - Full Movies 2015 (Cinema Movies Online free watch Subtitles… 
Ron doesn’t like romantic movies and honestly I’m offended. I just want to see a dang movie tonight. 
Now there’s two movies I’m fucking waiting to see.  
The saga ends in ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ trailer: #EpisodeIX 
Hellboy was actually so fucken good! An R rating on movies is just so much better man, go see this movie asap its a great time! 
Jesus you are very bad at movies. 
Two things that are blowing my mind.1) people do not like Meet Joe Black?! I freakin love that movie.(but I love mo… 
revealed the details of its rival, Disney Plus, including price and release date #Disney 
Wisely deploying them a piece at a time across the movies 
So I think I’ve got my theater movies planned out for this year: ShazamAvengersFrozen 2Star Wars NineThat should do it I think. 
I don’t care if they make a million Star Wars movies and Rian Johnson directs every one of them, I will never NOT be giddy with excitement. 
REPLY With '' Hey '' and Follow Everyone Who Likes Your ReplyI Will Follow Back all CommentsPlease Don't Partic… 
 take alert I’ve tried to watch a couple of the newest “Star Wars” movies, but to me, they feel like Action… 
Yeah... and also, there are only 7 Star Wars movies. So there is that. lol 
LeBum is toxic he needs to retire and go make some crap movies or whatever he wants to do in Hollyweird. 
I was a huge, huge fan of those movies as a kid but I was extremely puzzled and confused by the way so many other n… 
Hat tip to as Lou Grant in this list of fave fictional journos via 
This shit better have all the Disney channel original movies on it 
I mean, a Skywalker sort of rose several movies back and the galaxy wasn't exactly in good shape afterward, just sayin'. 
This a thousand times, you don't have to like the direction the movies are going (I fucking loved Last Jedi) but th… 
Beautiful weather to watch movies food n alcohol 
YYYYYAAAAASSSSS!!! Family Christmas at the movies?   
Uh oh, my entire feed is Star Wars now and I have to smile and nod to avoid giving away that I've only seen ~1 5/6… 
does any1 have the google drive link to keanu's movies? 
Enjoying these April showers as much as we are? If so, we've got some great movies for you where wet weather plays… 
2 weeks to go! 
I eagerly await the plethora of Red Letter Media Star Wars content. The movies...eeeeehhhhhh.. 
He was the real hero of all first six movies. 
I know that I am in the minority (at least on Twitter), but I don’t think that I could care any less than I do abou… 
‘Avengers: Endgame’ Shouldn’t Feel Like Homework. Just Watch These 5 Movies 
Hellboy returns the big screen in a new "would-be" franchise. So does the heroic demon deserve your money? Movie… 
A bottle of wine and movies 
I think it’s on Netflix still? I’ll watch it maybe tomorrow. I just haven’t had a chance. Hell, I still ha… 
We got 8 movies about this goddamn family why they rising again?? 
I for one can't wait for the official introduction of Luuke into the movies 
Awesome movies 
The MCU movies are all also individual movies. You could watch just Winter Soldier and get most of it an… 
They're gonna revive Palpatine, have Luke in half the movie, and reveal that no ACTUALLY Rey WAS Luke's child. Movi… 
Remember This: Before I Wake (2016) #movie #throwback #horror: Mike Flanagan strikes again as a director after his… 
I just watched The Story of Stuff and I'm inspired to change the way we make, use, and toss our Stuff.… 
Friday Night.. Chill Session... Movies...  — feeling fantastic 
The Last Jedi ruined the entire series for me. The movies are about the Skywalker fathers, sons and… 
#EpisodeIX looks thrilling. But also all these movies could be 2 hour fart sandwiches + John Williams’ score &amp; I’d… 
Agreed, even as someone who's not a giant fan of comic book movies. I've seen most of the MCU flicks,… 
The New Movie Lineup at North Grand Cinema for more info and reserve seats!#love… 
That's all Abrams knows how to do. He remakes his favorite movies from his childhood. He's good at it, bu… 
Really hope it’s along those lines instead of it being a person. I like the fact that Rey is just normal… 
I think that's because the Star Wars movies are stuck in a formulaic rut while the Marvel movies each stand on thei… 
I still like the EU better than new movies, but....ah....Star Wars means so much to me, y'all. More than I will eve… 
MOVIES: Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker - News Roundup *Updated 12th April 2019* (Posted: 2019-04-12 12:24:41)… 
Please recommend movies I can stream? Interesting movies please?  
Don’t know why people are bitching about the new Star Wars title...the movies all started with a Skywalker or more… 
#NowPlaying Western Movies by Olympics 
I don't watch Lifetime movies. But I feel this is my version of one 
The Star Wars: Episode IX Title is The Rise of Skywalker! #SextaDetremuraSDV 
FREAKING OUT!!! What a great year for 
More new stars wars movies , hopefully they won’t cuckify this one to death .. 
Schoolgirl Teen Porn Innocent High Small Tits Rides Teachers Cock - Big Sex Movies 
The newest movies at Prairie Cinema 4/12/19 for show times #love #movies #AfterMovie… 
Sharon Stone – I loved the movies and… 
Super jazzed #StarWars9 is a thing but like the fan base completely took every single once of fun I ever had being… 
Hubby called to wake me up n what do you know 1 of my favorite movies is on  Sixteen Candles my Friday is starting off Great  
I don't care if Captain Marvel did well at the box office.… 
our daily every day life.  It does not distract us. But it is very distracting for us when we can't understand what… 
If this is the rise of Skywalker. What were the past 8 movies about? 
Uh, isn't the first three movies basically "the rise of Skywalker?" 
Good lord. How many Star Trek movies are they gonna make?! 
The more star wars movies they make, the less I'm sure I actually like any of them 
I need to get  Dan Brown’s literature , if the movies are this interesting ? Imagine how the actual reads are 
Dude, they were feeding us red herrings all along, the big bad dude was always the creepiest mothe… 
Worked seamlessly through 3 movies last night. 
New this week at Elkader Cinema! for more info#love #movies #FiveFeetApart 
#StarWars makes me wish #Marvel shot its movies on film. 
When I get Disney+, maybe I’ll finally watch the  “Star Wars” movies 
I cant wait for mainline star wars to be over. That trilogy sucks. More rogue one tier movies please, way better. 
Agreed. But I think Shows &gt; Movies. So I might be a bit bias. 
Marsai Martin Didn’t See Many Black Girls In Movies, So She Made Her Own - 
Star Wars Movies Will Take a Break After Episode IX, Disney Says 
Actor Chris O’Dowd’s Bad American – and Irish – #Accents… 
Just watched !!Absolutely loved it I’m so happy for you, this is by far one of the best mov… 
Disturbed that “I Am Evidence,” a movie that peddles a false narrative about the rape kit backlog, has a… 
I understand &amp; agree that there are many issues.  Such as we use to be able to buy these… 
Enjoy the FREE Preview Event today through Sunday. Watch new movies like hit shows like… 
Stop *ruining* Star Wars movies. Fixed it for you. 
I miss being 13 and having no responsibilities and renting 5 movies after school and watching them and then doing i… 
God why do these movies still affect me so much?? #StarWarsIX #TROS 
I literally want to cry why are movies so good 
I'm sorry I like characters in my movies. I'm more sorry yo… 
I am going to have to put some real shit movies in there with it I think lol. 
Sorry for the short stream, today. Want  to make sure I get on those taxes. See you Saturday for some movies in Dis… 
Once again. They need you over there making decisions I also wonder why it is seasonable s… 
I’m sure it will come down to focusing on Healthcare, sure. But as I said before, there’s… 
Actor #ChrisODowd Apparently Does Not Understand Feminism or the Annie Walker Character 
‘Star Wars’ Movies Will Take a “Hiatus” After ‘Episode IX’, Says Bob Iger - 
Imagine that other boy saying I should watch GOT, Harry Potter and all Marvell movies  while all I wanna watch is Family Guy 
I...actually kind of hate PoP. Hahaha. But I have seen it twice just so I could be a c… 
Amber Heard Details Alleged Abuse by 'Monster' Johnny Depp as He Calls Her Claims a 'Hoax' (Alexia Fernandez / Peop… 
SaintMaybe: “I enjoyed watching the robots make fun of movies but I’m angry that the actors have opin… 
First #StarWarsEpisodeIX Trailer Teases The Final Chapter In The Skywalker Saga - 
Again, search for movies specifically *about* propaganda and f… 
Free Solo is as much a sociology and psychology movies as much as it is a BA climbing movie. #FreeSolo 
You seen both movies and both series? 
3 bottles of Cabenet Sauvignon, burgers &amp; movies 
The crazy thing is how often it’s portrayed in movies and tv shows like it’s the… 
It might be time to begin having on again, off again relationships with these companies. Six months on, six m… 
I dont care what anyone says Frozone / is the real MVP of the Incredible movies. He is there whenev… 
“Little” came out today! I haven’t been to the movies in forever but I wanna see this one. 
Spring Ahead and Save - Powerball, Puppy Day, Dream Car, Health, Movies, Bitcode  #Deals… 
#Movie "Entity" (2012) 
One of my favorite movies of ALL TIME!! Great pic. Mark's so damn adorable.  
Film Diversity Report Says Hollywood Rhetoric Hasn’t Equaled Results 
I know LeBron wanna do movies as well but as a 90s kid,  LEAVE SPACE JAM alone 
#StarWarsEpisodeIX Photo Offers First Look At Lando's Return - 
Great weather for the movies!!! Don’t forget to #LoveLivesHereMovie and tag when you go watch!!! You stan… 
Disney confirms it will take a break from Star Wars movies after Episode IX 
Second live-action Star Wars series will star Diego Luna’s ‘Rogue One’ character 
Your top 25 journalism movies list is great (so glad you included The Parallax View), and the superb mov… 
First Look At Naomi Ackie's #StarWarsEpisodeIX Character Revealed - 
please suggest me some actually good movies which aren't in my shitty feed, which is clogging and fog… 
Secrets of "Episode IX" to be revealed at Star Wars Celebration — get all the details 
i’m tryna watch all the marvel movies before endgame so if you got hem lmk 
Stay at home and watch movies  
"Separate Cinema"--100 All-Black Movies for Rent, 1944 #nonfiction 
Streaming Movie Review: ‘The Silence’ Review: Fleeing Winged Peril for a Quieter Place 
‘The Lion King’ and Other Trailers That Raise Questions for Us 
omg, lmao!  btw, that's one of my favorite movies! 
Love getting cryptic voice messages that sound like Jason from Friday the 13th movies  #HowsYourFridayGoing 
Preview images of Charlie’s Angels 2019: Elizabeth Banks’ remake 
One Actor Has Played Three Different Roles In Four Marvel And DC Movies 
There are plenty of movies and tv shows that are propaganda. What's the problem? 
I gotta give Boyz N The Hood the slightest of edges. I love both movies but the most iconic scene comes from Boyz N The Hood! 
8 Best Chromecast Free Movie Apps for Good Quality Movies.#best #Chromecast #snagfilms 
Unfortunately, DEADLINE USA (1952) isn't in the top 25 journalism movies list by for But, it's… 
#missinglink : #movieday #movienight #movies #amc #amctheaters #moviesdoneright #dorkandchill #relaxandchill… 
And give ya stand-alone movies in the Clone Wars era 
All the movies are the same just with different characters Still gonna watch tho 
The new Disney streaming service can compete with other services. Streaming services is how we watch tv and movies… 
I've never seen it before. Hell, movies specifically *about* propaganda don't g… 
Exclusive: Watch two 'Penguins' fall in love (with Ed Helms narrating the sweet moment) via 
i love going to movies by myself 
I agree with you business wont survive. They should start showing Bollywood movies 
. please keep doing movies with I just watched #ThePerfectDate and I love it!  
Director Josh Trank confirms that Tom Hardy's Al Capone biopic 'Fonzo' will be released in 2019. #Movies #TV 
Jimmy Smits Joins Lin-Manuel Miranda's 'In the Heights' Movie #Movies #TV 
They got me with the Disney Channel Original Movies!!  
When you’ve made 18 of one series of movies it’s probably time to cool it down a bit 
Every day'san endless streamof cigarettes and magazinesand each townlooks the same to methe movies and the fac… 
Watching lifetime movies in this weather,so y'all jolling? 
Like the rest of us, Disney says they’re taking a break from Star Wars movies after Episode… 
The top 25 journalism movies of all via #TCMParty 
saw some kids crying leaving the movies from watching endgame. i’m about to go watch little and support my black qu… 
Looking for some great #Easter-themed movies? #kidsmovies #familyfun #easterholidays… 
Revisit The Latest #AvengersEndgame TV Spot With These Hi-Res Screenshots - 
Marvel Begins 2 Week Countdown To #AvengersEndgame With New Promo -  #SextaDetremuraSDV 
These look great. One minor quibble: I might elevate "Absence of Malice" in the rankings. 
RIGHT!! it's been a whole year!!!!! we're streamin movies all day to celebrate if u wanna hop in :3!! 
I can definitely see the logic. What are the odds you hang onto the rights AND a movie gets m… 
So we sat down at the restaurant &amp; conversation was dead stale. I asked him his fav music &amp; movies, he couldn't tel… 
I had already kind of assumed that when they finished making Star Wars movies they’d be finished makin… 
Here's an EXTRA CHANCE to #win our April $50 in #giftcards #giveaway! Choose a #FANDANGO #MOVIE #GIFTCARD and check… 
Screw it. Team-up movies are just the "Guardians" movies, "Civil War" and "Avengers" movies. 
Check out all of these s… 
Hotbox at the drive in movies?  Gameeeee 
This is just beautiful...just beautiful...beautiful to see past characters in movies and respect the lineage 
Really just wanna order in and watch movies  
This is a bit surprising. The hiatus makes sense, but chalking it up to franchise fatigue is a bit weird when the M… 
They still have a cost and not all stores even have back issues and not all back issue s… 
I don’t get these hit-woman movies. They are all scrawny, a size 000. My little Corgi could tackle one.… 
HOT TAKE. Underrated ghost movies:- 1408- Casper- Star Wars- Field of Dreams- How High - Harry Potter and the… 
4/4  you did an amazing job on the books and I hope there our future movies for the rest of the… 
Nicole Kidman: Women in action movies are expected to wear lipstick &amp; be svelte #newsbeatlive 
It's just how it worked out! I wanted to go to the area because one of my favorite movies is set in Fre… 
And those movies usually have 2 to 3 parts per movie. 2 hours and 45 minutes per movie.  
I tried to get into comics after falling in love with the movies. But I stopped because… 
I’m tryna figure out what to get for lunch. I want it to be itis inducing to go with this edible and me watching th… 
And Also, You should maybe not get so defensive of a movie you haven't even watched yet just because you love the c… 
Watch live as ‘Star Wars Episode IX’ title, trailer and more are unveiled in Chicago Stephen Colbert opens the anti… 
Growing up I saw many cheesy #horror movies on TV. Sci-fi invasions &amp; monsters— #Godzilla, Body Snatchers, War of t… 
Mark N Tompkins Amber Heard Details Johnny Depp’s Alleged Abuse in Defamation Lawsuit Filing 
Edited out of a show for paying to get her kids into college? Seems like overreach. I can still watch K… 
Thanks to cheesy Disney movies, whenever I see a father and son company, I wonder if that's really the son's dream… 
I don’t think it would even require that (though I’d like to see movies outside that time). It just… 
#MyThroneWouldBeMadeOf #books, #music, and #movies so I'd never be bored. 
#QOTD2019 102/365Have you ever gone to a movie theater by yourself? Why or why not?..#qotd #qotd2019… 
I'm in Brazil, watching ep #IX panel live at #StarWarsCelebration and I'm almost crying! So many emotions after so… 
In the light of #StarWars Episode IX trailer and title dropping today....Star Wars: The Force Awaken &amp;Star Wars… 
The problem with #StarWars is that over time, it stopped being about making movies that were good (1983), interesti… 
So what you're saying is I need to hurry up and rewatch the Avengers movies before they leave Netflix and go to som… 
wine+ ka  chamba  movies series , please note that I am fully  booked this weekend  . 
"The movie doesn't pick up immediately after the last film" - Abrams says on Episode IX #SextaDetremuraSDV 
I believe that you can date outside your race &amp;still be pro-black. As long as you’reuplifting your… 
After the main storyline of #GameOfThrones comes to an end this April, you can expect to see more content set in it… 
Disney Says Star Wars Movies Are Going On Hiatus After Episode IX  #SextaDetremuraSDV 
Dude, the Stackpole and Zahn books were written as if designed to be movies.  Nuking the expanded unive… 
How much is the movies now? Is that a deal? I guess it’s been awhile since I entered a theater? P.S. NYC… 
Will they have Disney Channel original movies from the 90's though? 
New Report Reveals The Very Troubled Production Of Hellboy 
‘The Silence’ Review: Fleeing Winged Peril for a Quieter Place 
years ago I got a Star Wars tattoo. this latest round of movies makes me wish I hadn't sometimes. I can… 
I don't know how it's news that the Star Wars movies are taking a break after Episode IX when we have known for a w… 
Tell 5 movies of this actress. 
Did you know our DVD checkout limit was recently increased to 20 DVDs? Now you can take home all your favorite movi… 
Maybe just stop making shitty movies 
Mark Hamill Reveals What His Favorite Star Wars Film Is 
Couldn’t have said it better myself! I love Star Wars very much, but there needs to be more time for n… 
both antman movies, iron man 3, AOU, and spider-mid  are too high chief list is trash dawg 
Pretty sure this style of shot is in a ton of movies too. Don’t think you can really link it to one person who was the origin 
Kpop and kdrama lover or anime?? — A big No no, I only watch Vlogs,Movies, American series. 
The “live-action” (it’s not really live action, obviously, just really, really realistic-looking CGI) remake of The… 
I'm totally going to watch and be like "I know that guy!" Not really. I have no freetime to sit and… 
Dermot Mulroney played cello on the score of two Mission: Impossible movies?! 
Digital HD Anime Movies: Your Name. (Original Japanese or English Version), The Boy and the Beast, Steins; Gate:...… 
Marvel Reportedly Planning An Avengers Vs. X-Men Movie 
There’s so many movies I want to see. But I don’t have friends so I guess I’m going alone. 
Really wanna go to the movies and take the kids but I also don't wanna pay to go to the movies lol 
Help us change the way disability is seen in movies! Watch "A Swing and a Switch," our entry in the  2019 Eastersea… 
Am choosy when it comes to seriesI enjoy action movies 
"‘The Silence’ Review: Fleeing Winged Peril for a Quieter Place" by SCOTT TOBIAS via NYT 
"‘The Silence’ Review: Fleeing Winged Peril for a Quieter Place" by SCOTT TOBIAS via NYT The New York Times 
Breaking video news: ‘The Silence’ Review: Fleeing Winged Peril for a Quieter Place" via NYT #movies #films 
From NY Times: "‘The Silence’ Review: Fleeing Winged Peril for a Quieter Place" 
my neighbor totoro, grave of the fireflies, and akira were released in 1988. it must be the best year of anime movies 
One of the best Disney movies ever made. No wait, one of the best movies ever made. 
This is super encouraging: the break, the fact that they keep calling it the "Skywalke… 
Watched 1 series and 2 movies yet not even a slightest bit of tiredness have come to my watch 
Meet Joe Black is one of my favorite Brad Pitt movies. 
It’s cringeeeeee  I love KJo’s movies (of that time) but KANK is shit 
If the movies are good, fans will be fine with a movie each year. Most of them have been...… 
Yeah, that's true. No video games, so maybe more 70s. I said something in my original review that the o… 
Star Wars Movies Will Take a Break After Episode IX, Disney Says – Bloomberg 
Ewww! No thanks! Our son is a special effects make up artist and he would’ve loved to work on GoT. I w… 
Netflix is the king of the hill. Everyone else is playing catch-up. I’ve actually never used YouTube… 
Tbh I just can't take sad endings, movies, anime, cartoons, or books. It will literally take me weeks to get over it  
I get paid $12/hr to watch pixar movies and make sure no one steals phone casesI like this job but oh GOD it's boring 
Be paying to watch good movies is what I’ll do. 
Why Asian Ghost Stories Are The Best!#thebrothersparanormal #princegomolvilas #theatermu 
-try new hair styles- scroll through Pinterest -build a fort -watch child hood movies - play with your pet 
Yeah, we when go to the movies we leave our kids with a babysitter. Sometimes they t… 
“We have a responsibility in making these movies.” -Kathleen Kennedy. #StarWarsCelebration #CoffeeWithKenobi 
news! 
Hollywood, can we agree to stop killing dogs in movies? 
Listening to ep 76 of and takes on music, movies &amp; other stuff are on point.  
Marvel Begins 2 Week Countdown To #AvengersEndgame With New Promo - 
I wasn’t crazy about that one, but I *loved* the Mummy movies. 
I dunno. I thought it tied well to the story. And I liked it better than how MCU movies handled ackn… 
Can we just appreciate how much fun it is to be a Star Wars fan now? So many great movies and books and comics and shows. It owns. 
Seems like movies and a blanket are necessary for tonight with a glass of something nice 
#Movie "Mortal Remains" (2015) 
I hate Sundays, tbh. It's the slowest, useless day of the week. When I'm not working, I kill time by re… 
"‘The Lion King’ and Other Trailers That Raise Questions for Us" by Unknown Author via NYT 
"‘The Lion King’ and Other Trailers That Raise Questions for Us" by Unknown Author via NYT The New York Times 
“Part of these actors’ job is to be lusted after and objectified. That is what cinema is.”The job… 
From NY Times: "‘The Lion King’ and Other Trailers That Raise Questions for Us" 
How many of these movies are we gonna have?! Red Sparrow, SALT, Atomic Blonde, all the same! If you want… 
1. Star Wars is the Best movie franchise of all time2. The fact that Disney owns it… 
Breaking video news: ‘The Lion King’ and Other Trailers That Raise Questions for Us" via NYT #movies #films 
All right, just logged my games and most of the music I'… 
They're killing me.Ive started watching the MCU movies until captain marvel 
Tomorrow 7-10p | BeerSauce | Beer N Brownies ft. DeschutesJoin us for Deschutes Brewery's Limited Release Twiligh… 
Disney Says Star Wars Movies Are Going On Hiatus After Episode IX 
*scrolls Netflix for new shows/movies* “Oh look, The Office. 
The Best New Shows and Movies on Netflix This Week -- The Perfect Date, Huge in France 
Disney Says Star Wars Movies Are Going On Hiatus After Episode IX Disney Says Star Wars M… 
Several Norwegian musicians who popularized black metal ADVOCATED and were CONVICTED for church burnings, m… 
So here I am watching horror movies the whole day, then all of a sudden out of the blue a bag of potatoes falls. Je… 
Longest serving 007 but Moore and Connery still made more 007 movies. 
My little girl Q loves watching Disney movies now. Movies I have cried at this week: Tangled, Moana, and Toy Story… 
We are loving the lineup - including "Raiders of the Lost Ark"! 
Marvel movies will soon be completely removed from Netflix, as well as all Disney movies due to Disney streaming th… 
Jeff Bridges. He’s a fine actor and a nice dude, but he’s been playing the same mumbling character fo… 
I have seen hundreds &amp; hundreds of horror movies, since I started watching #TheLastDriveIn I have seen 17 that I ha… 
We can blame all of the people who didn’t see Solo in the theaters for this! It was a #TopThreeStarWarsMovie Star W… 
Without Prime, you need order $35 or more for free shipping. BUT.. if you don't wanna… 
It's the two movies from the 70's or nothing. 
Will u stop reviewing the movies as a common man I'll definitely give 3atleast 
Guy probably thinks Weyland Yutani is a good thing in the Alien movies. 
One of Frank's all time bad movies. He just didn't sing enough. 
Now that I think about it, I’ve never seen a rocket land on earth gracefully (from movies, documentaries, etc.). Us… 
There's no such thing as too many movies and too much beer. Shame on you for even thinking this. 
 One of the best directed movies, when's part two coming out? 
Oooo I love scary movies!!! I want to see that one so bad!!! 
It’s not fatigue. It’s that most people don’t want terrible Star Wars movies lol. Marvel is growing and… 
It’s not even noon and I’ve already planned out the movies imma watch this weekend in bed  
As a real therapist I can say that music/movies/games, etc. can influence an already disturbed mind… 
Save by following link in original post. #movies #dvd #veggietales #kids #sale #steal #discount #savemoney… 
I have Shazam! leading my cineplex for the weekend of Apr 12 - 14 #ShowYourScreens 
Expats in Paraguay Netflix's Triple Frontier: Oscar Winner of Narco-Exploitation Movies -… 
Am shocked that instead of embracing the talent we see in the River you guys criticise. This is not Niger… 
Movies: Lord of the rings and The chronicles of narnia and even Avatar Books: Dragonlance 
Yea it’s crazy. I was skeptical until they started messing wit one of ma favorite movies. The Matrix. I start believing. 
I just finished watching The Perfect Date. I just also finished watching 3 movies of Noah, STRAIGHT. NOW, I WANT MORE  #ThePerfectDate 
Watch Sons of Perdition (2010) Full Movie Free Online on Tubi | Free Streaming Movies #MormonChurch #FLDS #Polygamy… 
It's like my top rated movies of all times. 
I need to download some movies to my iPad for upcoming trips… I guess I’ll have to book my travel through Denver.;-) 
Star Wars Movies Are Going on Hiatus After Star Wars 9 
So pissed they screwed up this story.  The last 5 have not been kind to the legacy.  I… 
Soon to come! #movies #Hellboy review 
I'm watching 2019 (2019) #trakt 
Just enjoy movies ya freaks 
Great episode! This was my favorite of the four (yes, FOUR!) movies. The fourth movie was not great, but not… 
Your Amazon Prime membership can be used for more than free shipping. compiled 50 great films you can stre… 
Meet Joe Black is still one of my all time favorite movies. I consider it a cinematic masterpiece. 
There are too many of their movies? 
Only fair, since TLJ tried mightily to retcon the previous EIGHT movies... 
Of course, everyone's so jaded now anyway, half the people are going to hate the next movies no matter what 
Good taste in movies Sharon. It is a great movie 
That sounds more to do with underlying issues than a game. Like you're saying, the parents were irrespo… 
Shazam! (2019) Review: "A funny, entertaining DC movie that looks and feels more like a Marvel movie – for better o… 
New story in Business from Time: 
I'd argue that the "Guardians" movies as well as "Ragnarok" and "Civil War" are also team-up movies, but agreed! 
I don't know why they can't get someone to do more than 5 movies like Sean and Roger Moore. Sean made a… 
(SAN FRANCISCO) — Disney raised the curtain on a hotly anticipated video steaming service that’s aiming to topple i… 
ANNOUNCEMENT: WE WILL NO LONGER ALLOW LATE ENTRY TO THE MOVIES. We will be closing the gates when the movies start.… 
"The Social Network" and 5 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
The Perfect Date is Netflix’s newest teen movie starring Noah Centineo. It’s fine. -   Netflix’s almighty algorit… 
Great ribbon cutting yesterday at Cinergy Entertainment! They have everything from bowling, to arcade games, to mov… 
So that's just excluding Avengers movies? Winter Soldier. 
Avengers: Endgame is upon us — keep yourself up to date with our rankings of the MCU films  
See short films and feature-length movies of all kinds at the through April 14: 
Gonna watch some old ass horror movies this weekend 
girl omg literally a lot of mcu movies are political yet people love complaining when it’s about a woman  
There’s not a lot of benefit to them PR wise to debut a trailer right now, that’s what I’m suggesting. And they cou… 
Movie theaters have always seemed expensive, especially the snacks. But there are a lot… 
Nope nope there’s something worse WAR MOVIES they all have helmets and uniforms on no… 
#femalefilmmakerfriday Meet the women who muscle that heavy/expensive/sometimes complicated gear into position so t… 
I didn’t like freaky Friday either. These kind of movies are the worst. 
Maybe he won't be the next Captain America? 
So we’re getting Avengers, Aladdin, SpiderMan, Lion King, Terminator 6, Rambo 5, and Star Wars all in one year? We… 
John Carter! One of the best movies I’ve seen 
I respectfully disagree. Thor/Jane had two movies in which there was genuine longing and affection. S… 
Star Wars Episode IX Predictions: What's Next for the Sequel Trilogy? 
This is literally one of my favorite grindhouse style movies to introduce peop… 
Give me some movies to watch — my own private idaho, zoolander, me neighbour totoro 
this actually happens to a lot of movies, so I don't think that is accurate. 
There was nothing wrong with the original Charlie’s Angels. Stop remaking old shows &amp; movies for them… 
Disney's new service will offer Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic shows and movies for $7/mo. 
I mean, I wanna say Disney dropped the ball and could have had Disney+ ready to go before Endgame so that people wo… 
I just realized that there are two age-swapping movies in theaters at the same time, only in reverse. A teenage boy… 
Billy Corben On The Literary Roots Of ‘Florida Man,’ His Favorite Florida Movies, And Florida’s Influence On Trump… 
Lol i love awkward movies/ the ending 
The Cassian Andor series and lots of old movies and shorts! 
 “Hollywood Movies 
tbh, I like movies, comic books, books, food, and movies. 
Was going to happen sooner or later 
Went to the movies yesterday with my son, we had the whole theatre to ourselves. The Regal in Norman is a dump. Des… 
We have a treasure trove of big, bombastic flicks coming to theaters this year! What are you most excited about?… 
Movies and music videos #GalaxyS10 
Bloomberg - Star Wars Movies Will Take a Break After Episode IX, Disney Says 
US Theater Offering Yoga And Shower Breaks During MCU Marathon Screening - 
I know there won't by any more #HowToTrainYourDragon movies, but I'd love to see a spin-off of… 
I found this once upon a time. Is it correct? I find it weird that some of the later movies are at… 
Like the rest of us, Disney says they’re taking a break from Star Wars movies after Episode IX 
Amber Heard Claims Johnny Depp Threatened to Kill Her During Years of Abuse 
‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled by K… 
The real value of content as the driving force for digital attention is very misunderstand, We take a car dealer cu… 
Jaws is, hands down, one of my favorite movies. And I'll be honest, I don't like to swim in the ocean. And the movi… 
"‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled" by KYLE BUCHANAN via NYT T… 
The Star Wars franchise will go on “hiatus” after December’s big release, but new movies are in development, Disney… 
This is where we all start to scream "HERE, JUST TAKE MY MONEY!" But at a yearly cost of $70 that's nowhere near as… 
"‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled" by KYLE BUCHANAN via NYT… 
Disney Plus: The Netflix rival's price, release date and shows details are here Cnet - via… 
From NY Times: "‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled" 
And making comics easily available outside of comic stores seems like a no-brainer. The first comic I e… 
 Did anyone else have after-school movies that included the original Godzilla movies?   Lots of fun!… 
When this movie came out I wrote a review saying it was one of the worst movies I'd ever seen! It's taken about 20… 
I’m lukewarm on this. So much of enjoying Star Wars was my friends enjoying it with me. They have been unde… 
Seriously i just cant keep on living like this...Usually i download movies sp that when im out i… 
It's okay. I like a girl that can sit through 9-10 movies in one sitting lmaO 
‘Big Bang Theory’ Star Kaley Cuoco Gets Emotional Over Series’ End: ‘It’s Real Now’ - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Is it on 123 movies? 
‘Pet Sematary’ review: A graveyard without soul 
Also the movies need to remind people that comics exist. Marvel distanced the movies from the comics by… 
WTF are you talking about. is a patriot and a great American. I enjoy his movies as well. 
I’ll definitely be signing up. Especially with all the classic disney movies being available. No… 
Before You recover, You may want to watch some movies.Currently at EP3S1 of Black Summer and must say, loo… 
I started going to the movies by myself, like a serial killer, bc of these violations. 
They watch planet of the Apes movies 
same. I went to the movies twice last year and that was all. 
Digital HD Anime Movies: Your Name. (Original Japanese or English Version), The Boy and the Beast, Steins; Gate: Lo… 
No one wants to kiss me for the right reasons (vocabulary, number of movies have watched)!!!! 
Don Cheadle discusses the #WarMachine movie that never was - #IronMan 
Looking forward to this panel discussion about #Western movies at the New Mexico Press Women's conference. I'll hav… 
I don’t know if you actually know this, but Terran’s opinions on movies suck, Joel is fun to drink with,… 
Wait, ilhan Omar was on Colbert? Remember the days when late night talk shows were about entertainers p… 
where are episodes going from my list that i paid for on GooglePlay Movies and tv 
Hi, can you tell me the top 3 movies in your country in the last years? 
Okay, if you are taking a break then how about the Kenobi movie with #EwanMcGregor &amp; then a… 
Plus it's been raining. But now I just miss my friend and sisters cuddling in one blanket and watching movies all day  
On set Wednesday pix againIsibaya soapie for Mzanzi Magic channel DSTVHad to be there at 5:30am till 6:30pm W… 
#Movie "One Man Force" (1989) 
Robots are here and not going away. Crowdsourced recommendations for movies, best places to work, etc. Just because… 
I can't wait until they have converted all of their animated movies into "live action" and they start remaking them… 
No, unless MCU movies stop being sold on Blu-Ray, I'm not going to subscribe 
Fried-ay: Pre Workout, Horror Movies, and Tiger’s Back… 
Ahhh yes. Friday the 12th. The well known spoopy day of yore. I hear they even made movies about it. What's that? T… 
Look kids, squirrel!This is what you do on snow days, watch movies, see squirrels (finally) out your window, and… 
All The Star Wars Movies Will Be Made Available On Disney+ 
Vintage 1988 American Film Magazine featuring Dustin Hoffman, The Golden Age of TV Movies, Mississippi Burning, For… 
Even buying DVDs of their current movies and updating my private collection is literally cheaper than paying 70 dollars every year  
What do you think? 
It was huge too. They had all kinds of legit props from the movies. 
HBO/MAX is FREE this weekend!Starting 7 p.m. tonight until midnight, Sunday, April 14th, you can watch some of the… 
"Hiatus" just means they moved the 2020 Kenobi film to streaming &amp; that BW have until 12/17/2021 to… 
To be honest, I don’t have problems with more Star Wars movies. Marvel does the exact same with their… 
I will go and buy an ancient VHS player and watch my old tapes before I’ll subscribe to a service to watch movies I already own 
Not going to pay 10 different companies 7 a month to watch thier movies.  They can keep ‘em. 
I cannot get over how great the Enterprise looked.  Not to shit on JJ anymore but man, it blows the new movies out of the water. 
oh my gosh!! The one I loved the best was the one with the white nordic guy!!!! It's al true.......cha… 
This is one of the best movies we will release this year. Beautifully done, true auteur-level work. 
I'm watching *old* movies!Some so old they require aVCR to playFortunately I have a workingVCR s… 
Both are action packed and exciting, and somewhat predicable. You love "The Notebook" and all these other… 
Never walked out of a movie I paid to see, and never requested a refund. However, when I worked in th… 
MOVIES Y'ALL MOTHERFUCKERS SLEPT ON:- Cloud Atlas- Miss Sloane- Assassination Nation- Dave Made A Maze- Brigs… 
#StarWars Movies To Go On Hiatus After Episode IX - 
We called your boss. She said you can watch these three Netflix movies about social media at work today. You’re wel… 
Why people always have to compare? Different styles. Different movies. Etc. Be happy we can get grea… 
there are some good movies on this weekend. What can you do to help me out. 
I had a blast this morning on with #FrankieandJess chatting about internet safety and the new movies… 
I need your help. 3 weeks ago I was trying to make my dish package smaller and the guy that I was talking to… 
Sleep, Meditation when needed, Retail Therapy and giving myself Lazy Days where I do nothing but w… 
Hellboy review: A gory, entertaining reboot that sells its soul for spectacle 
I’m just trying to wake up w my husband and our child get ready eat our breakfast hit the gym drop our lil us off a… 
We have come full circle from the beginning of the movie campaign. We started by going through time in Back to the… 
That’s why I stick to baseball and football and MMA and basketball. Movies and music. What’s more b… 
I had a blast this morning on #971ZHT with #FrankieandJess chatting about internet safety and the new movies #Hellboy2019 &amp; #MissingLink 
I don’t think the issue is it’s being over saturated. The issue is the the quality of the last Jedi was awful… 
Filelinked is mainly used by so-called "cord cutters" to offer tips on how to engage in piracy of movi… 
The article came from Deseret News...the church's official whitewash media outlet. Do… 
Who's out here still watching Zombie movies in 2019 
The Big Friendly Giant is also one of the best movies for kids 
#mjfam remember this? Here's an article he made bail &amp; his court date is May 2ndSundance Film Festival COfounder S… 
Neither. Both movies should have been left as they were. 
This week on the newsletter and I give you some good movies to cry to. Plus, I spotlight one of my lat… 
Jimmer Fredette promotes positivity in new BYUtv documentary 
Disney priced this right - I pay about as much for CBS All-Access just to watch Star Trek. For families with kids,… 
I have actually watched series of your movies ur indeed my legend 
Agree!! I am seeing this sudden flood of people guilting those who are disappointed with how the m… 
If you haven’t yet, be sure and stop by The Post—a beautiful venue to watch movies in!! #tcmff #tcmhq 
The Perfect Date is now on Netflix! Check it out if you love rom-coms 
Disney CEO Bob Iger: Star Wars Movies Will Go On “Hiatus” After Episode IX 
There is no reason to not put an add for comics before movies or on TV that promotes comics and tells p… 
Movies, commercials, all of that 
Something that kinda bugged me about Thor:Ragnarok and Infinity War #Movies #TV 
Dear Goofy… 
For clarification: I think this is the best way to keep the sw movies special. I want the actual numbered episodes… 
Star Wars Movies Will Go On "Hiatus" After Episode 9, Disney Boss Says 
Oh good, a slight break before the six more movies they've already announced 
Star Cinema has a strategic market value.They always have like KathNiel,LizQuen,Nadine&amp;… 
Village academy 2018-2019 football players...plenty more years of this to come ..it’s going to be a movies… 
listen fellas, if you buy me a beer I WILL let you rate Coen brothers movies at me, you wont get this deal anywhere else 
White House to screen controversial anti-abortion film.  Why is it called controversial, is that to say t… 
Which website can I use to stream latest movies without signing for anything 
Plus, no one clicks on a "Best" list of any kind - movies, TV, music, etc. - expecting to… 
rotflmao! so if a business wanted to pump tons of data to it's customers for movies, you… 
To anyone who is surprised I love Tangled the Series, don't be. Tangled is one of the best Disney movies of all tim… 
Lol, if by useful you mean helping create horrib… 
White House to screen controversial anti-abortion film.  Why is called controversial… 
A good adaptation treats the characters with love or at least respect. The MCU movies may borrow ve… 
White House to screen controversial anti-abortion film.  Why is called controversial is… 
Smart move for Disney to give the Star Wars movies a rest after Episode IX. Give the series a chance to build back… 
Good take time to actually map out the story for a set of movies and not make the same mistake they made with this trilogy 
White House to screen controversial anti-abortion film.  Why is called controversial is that to… 
i just realized i can finally go to R rated movies by myself 
White House to screen controversial anti-abortion film.  Why is it called controversial is that to say that pro abo… 
‘Hellboy’ review: Guts, gore and very little glory 
Netflix isn't killing movie theaters: Viewers who stream more also go to cinemas more 
Looking for something EGG-citing?  Join us for outdoor movie night  on the Sundeck on Sunday 21 April for the scr… 
Marsai Martin Didn’t See Many Black Girls In Movies, So She Made Her Own 
It all ends up being preference. I use my Mac book for most things that require detailed attention (codi… 
A Word With: With a Rebel Yell, Molly Shannon Claims Collusion 
Movies-Bookstore-Wendys-sexthat was it 
The actors from #GameOfThrones chose their favorite characters to sit on the Iron Throne.  Here's who they picked: 
Agree. We watch a lot of Hulu. But I think it's more due to the fact that we ha… 
No but no movie is free of continuity errors, if that’s an issue… 
THERE R SOME KEANU MOVIES I HAVENT SEEN BC THEYRE SO PAINFUL TO WATCH 
I think TLW was actually really good, and in fact it happens to be my second favorite of all the Jur… 
This scene makes me think that even I can make movies. 
Snuggs and movies? Twilight marathon? Anything really Bc I need to see you :/ 
They are the the worst thing to happen to Cinema recently.They are also trying to extend the publi… 
What are your plans for the next six months? — i need to study until the 17th of june (my last exam) then i have my… 
Hmm. We'll just have to agree to disagree. I've always enjoyed going to the movies alone. I absolutely d… 
Everything You Need to Know About Disney+ Disney is launching its own streaming service,… 
Well thanks to Fast Times at Ridgemont High, I am now 70 films above my 500 Movies in 500 Days target! 
One of my favorites... #MarilynMonroe #JaneRussell #MarilynMonroeMovies #JaneRussellMovies #Movies #OldHollywood… 
World renowned South African actor, Arnold Vosloo, will be playing the leading role of Colonel Dick De Waal who inv… 
Hallelujah!  Even the movies I used to love are boring to me. Todays actors are lame, Mr America,… 
Chill and watch movies... Any suggestions?? 
Captain America set visits: How Chris Evans shaped Steve Rogers | 
UpDateD*~*HD After Full Movie #Watch &amp; Download OnlineAftere the links below to watch After full movie online stre… 
One of my very favorite movies! 
Need a good cry, and saddest movies.... go! 
#MovieNews Star Wars movies will go on "a bit of a hiatus' following the release of Star Wars: Episode IX 
I love Sliding Doors. One of the movies I absolutely refuse to delete on my DVR. Watched it again a few weeks ago. 
Here's What Robert Pattinson Could Look Like As The Next #Batman -  #SextaDetremuraSDV 
Horror movies: Me:Random video of guy getting paper cuts:Me: aahdbfjggktahhdmwtfaaagddgd 
Interviewed Alex Ross Perry about his great, messy, and discomforting 90s rock movie HER SMELL, which opens today i… 
Movies like you on Netflix are also portraying it to be acceptable they probably think they can so… 
I have cable for sport. Movies are ad free. But I hate giving money to Murdickhead's company 
Here's What Robert Pattinson Could Look Like As The Next #Batman - 
Looks like Deadpool 3 is happening after all! #SextaDetremuraSDV 
has some great movies for the audience this year1.#Kesari (Running successfully)2.#Kalank3.#SOTY2… 
#FalconAndWinterSoldier TV Series May Confirm That Bucky Isn't The Next Captain America - 
If you're over the age of 21 and you still want or try to "ship" people from television or movies in alternate rela… 
I hate to admit it, but I am seriously looking forward to Disney's new streaming service.  Please let all the old t… 
I can't wait! 
Omg everyone who doesn't suck so bad at movies take this Peter Gabriel quiz 
I have never watched the first minute of Game of Throngs.  I really have no need to watch.  Very little in hollywei… 
Finally 
My sis is getting married May 4 &amp; everyone keeps saying she must be a big Star Wars fan but I didn't… 
I remember this exact conversation when the film came out. I played this scene a million times for friends. MEET JO… 
State of the DCEU: After Six Years &amp; Seven Movies, What Exactly Is WB’s Comic Book Franchise? -… 
I consider x2 okay and first-class bad. first class might fall into the okay version. The issue is that… 
Star Wars movies to “take a pause” after Episode IX 
Agreed, way too many shows &amp; movies and not enough time in the day! 
Used to buy sweets to take to the movies there when we went to the tower cinema 
I just wanna chill! Movies, video games and great food! 
Also, I thought I’d check it out since it’s apart of the conjuring movies..Her: wait really?? Omg! The movie is go… 
Convo I had tonight.girl: what ya doing?Me: just got back from a screening of the curse of La Lorona &amp; it wasn’t… 
What Team Windows Central is watching and reading right now: 
The first true Quadfecta episode is up at the Patreon page. Do you think Peter Weir had four "perfe… 
It is impossible to separate my experience of GoT from coverage by This captures her well-deserved Re… 
 I've seen waaay to many movies bro 
lowkey romance movies to watch with :(( 
I mean he has SOME good movies. Not all of them are bad. 
"With a Rebel Yell, Molly Shannon Claims Collusion" by KATHRYN SHATTUCK via NYT The New York Times 
"With a Rebel Yell, Molly Shannon Claims Collusion" by KATHRYN SHATTUCK via NYT 
All 16 Terry Gilliam Movies Ranked From Worst To Best 
I am as pumped for that one as much as I am for Avengers Endgame. Hate horror movies, b… 
‘Watchman’ review: This average thriller has potential at the box office 
And re-releasing live action versions of their most popular animated movies in order to restart the clock on the co… 
For those who subscribed to our Patreon, the 1st episode is up. It's a Quadfecta on Peter Weir. If you haven't subs… 
Breaking video news: With a Rebel Yell, Molly Shannon Claims Collusion" via NYT #movies #films 
From NY Times: "With a Rebel Yell, Molly Shannon Claims Collusion" 
Our furry friends have spoken and given #ADogsWayHome two paws up!  Check it out now in SA cinemas and experience… 
BVU student Brandon Foster added that, “The horror behind ‘US’ wasn’t what made it one of the best movies I’ve ever… 
You're welcome Bee!  I'm happy that we get to interact on a regular basis and talk movie… 
Win Shazam movie tickets on us! X96 Movie Club members can head over to for your chance to… 
I never thought the two movies from my junior year of high school that we'd talk about 20 years later were MEET JOE… 
Great idea! Then, wall off the red states and charge them triple for everything that li… 
Love following not just because of the pictures, and great movies. The French really classes up our feed!… 
It's all been leading to this. Do you have your tickets for #AvengersEndgame? Reserve your seats now… 
I need a movie night. Where I can cuddle with someone, watch movies(probably disney movies), eat pizza and ice cream 
you probably are already on this. But great news, even if they learned it the hard way: no more st… 
#Facebook's new Watch Party video-streaming feature is wildly popular with pirates, who use it to run illicit movie… 
Still—please don’t talk during the concert. I’m onboard with drinks, casual dress, clapping between movements if yo… 
Crying and drinking during phase 2? I don't remember that in the Marvel movies. 
Meet the Mixed Martial Arts Champion Who Became An Asian Movie Star by 
Freddie Mercury's Family Made A Lot Of Money Off #BohemianRhapsody - 
Any of The Matrix films, most mob movies, almost every DiCaprio film 
I'm a super fan of super hero movies and series...so I'm totally enjoying LUKE CAGE. Yazi kumnandi kanjani ukubona… 
It's been apparent since day one that there's been no structured plan, not only for the sequel trilog… 
always tugs at my heart strings when drug reps are glorified in movies. 
I dont like thriller/action movies but Skyscraper was actually worth watching 
Meet Joe Black trending ahead of Star Wars announcing a new title feels like viral viral marketing. It'll be espe… 
Everyone is talking movies with new stream service but will they also be streaming the tv channe… 
Great. I a… 
some girl in my class: Marvel needs to stop making moviesMe: you need to stop talking 
ASDFGHJKL!!!!!!Rurouni Kenshi: Trust &amp; Betrayal OVA and Jinchū Arc live action movies!!! 
“People need to see themselves. People with disabilities, like any other group ― when you don’t see yourself, you f… 
One of the best movies I’ve ever seen. Incredibly powerful. It’s about faith and love.  Go see it Wednesday. 
Star Wars is such a different story from the Marvel comics.… 
I’d love to see the list of all the movies google has labeled like this. 
I wrote about movies about memory  #writer #amwriting 
We haven’t seen that yet. It often doesn’t apply to the privileged, connected and wealthy in this… 
Star Wars Movies Will Take a Break After Episode IX According to Bob Iger #Movies #TV 
Movies #galaxys10 
I have a friend who I get excited to spend time with. I never want to cancel (which is usually the case when I make… 
Idk Disney is still manipulative as fuck for doing this. They know these garbage movies sell well. 
Almost 5 years later, what of these 3 films do you like best?  #Birdman #Boyhood #TheGrandBudapestHotel #Movies #Films #Polls 
How many people are actually using Disney+ to watch random movies from the archive, other than kids? Just going to… 
Sekiro is a "niche" game and its outsold dark souls 3 and bloodborne by a significant ma… 
Yes! I love space movies. 
I'm one of those tiresome people that complains incessantly when movies are longer than 90 minutes, whi… 
i am not even kidding when i say what i think about the MOST when it comes to having kids is one day pulling them o… 
Watch After full episodesonline in full HD anytime, anywhere only on Here.Aftere the links below to watch After fu… 
#DORK 48: 2018 Movies 
#GuardiansoftheGalaxy is one of my favorite MCU movies, but it's probably only worth knowing about the power stone… 
Let’s face it... Driving can be boring. This new phone clip makes it easy to enjoy your favorite movies while drivi… 
Last night I had a dream that I met in person  I was raving on about his podcast and the movies he's i… 
Love's Complicated - Hallmark Movie Review #Hallmark #movies #romanticmovie 
new movies please 
When i was around 7-10 mom used to always call me “rosemarys baby” or “dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde”. Never got upset ab… 
We went the movies and cuz made me take one for the team  i don’t think nobody know abt this one  
Mark N Tompkins ‘Long Day’s Journey Into Night’: Sex, Violence and the 3D Shot of the Century… 
I agree, many people I know think Rogue One is the best of the recent Star… 
Dude I really want this to be good. I would love to see this story done right but so many of this franchise have ca… 
Ok Chinese scientists have done this and it makes them smarter! Well have they not seen any of the planet of the Ap… 
Best New Shows and Movies on Netflix This Week -- The Perfect Date, Huge in France #TVGuide… 
I swear every time I wake up too early and then go back to sleep, I dream movies. 
Still old dudes like me that are delusional and  believe old movies are reality. Had some dude in… 
Not on topic here, but the chair, the set...it just makes me think of Dr. Evil from the Austin Powers movies. 
Praise be. 
Movies and popcorns , we don't want unplanned babies 
I just wish that they never made the new movies, the original lore was the best, they should have kept t… 
You like movies about Tool and how people are inspired because of Tool’s music? Cool, cause we’re in it. “The Holy… 
you are also an awesome character in many shows/movies... including Star Wars. 
Star Wars movies to go on "bit of a hiatus" following Episode 
YES YES YES YES YES!!! Can this hiatus just be permanent? 
Star Wars Movies Will Take a Break After Episode IX, Disney Says. 
I’m guessing probably not at launch but within the first year. I was shocked it was that cheap… 
‘The Most Dangerous Year’ Review: A Personal Look at Transgender Rights 
Critic’s Notebook: In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would Recognize 
I've also included 4 other movies you should know key moments from."Iron Man 3" may be worth a watch for Tony Star… 
This has been Mitch with random thoughts . I'll follow that with --- huge fan of Sherlock Holmes as a… 
#FF Because she's smart, fun, and loves movies and cursing.  LOL 
The fact that Americans will waste hrs sitting thru long, boring &amp; bad movies to stare at the latest se… 
#News Disney+ streaming plans revealed: When, how much, what shows and movies #BreakingNews #usatoday… 
"In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would Recognize" by LAWRENCE WARE via NYT 
Sen. John Kennedy says Hollywood actors are 'too busy molesting each other' to make movies 
I am trynna go to the movies  this weekend to doe  
all i ever wanted was to watch movies and stay in with someone  today 
Okay but are the Disney Channel Original Movies going to be available on Disney+ because that’s the only thing that matters. 
She look like one of those dolls in the scary movies that never dies no matter how you chop it up. 
It's FridayA new Star Wars #EpisodeIX trailer ships todayDisney to "take a break" from Star Wars movies afterwa… 
This movie had one funny line where he goes “death and taxes? Death AND taxes? Huh.”… 
You know that shit you see in dystopian movies where authority figures are clearly abusing their power and you go c… 
Wait are we talking movies or comics or both?! I NEED TO PREPARE MYSELF *pushes glasses up nose* 
That the TV/Movies stereotype now days 
Star wars movies already ended. 
One of the best movies of 2018. Netflix Review: The Ballad of Buster Scrugg via 
Hey movies, can we have more fight scenes inside of buses? They're sick locales. 
For me is the other way around, I loved BP and CM, I'm already bored with SM and AM, for… 
One of the best movies ever. I'll probably watch it again today. 
If you don't have time to watch every MCU movie before #AvengersEndgame, I put together a list of six essential fil… 
"In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would Recognize" by LAWRENCE WARE via NYT The New York Times 
I love Soundtrack Alley Spotlight | Soundtrack Alley Spotlight 13: Soundtrack's Role in Nerdy Movies 2019, let's pl… 
As much as Netflix angers me lately raising prices removing tv shows and movies for a lot of pretty cra… 
Breaking video news: In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would Recognize" via NYT #movies #films 
Watch.! After (2019) Online Free Full Movie PutlockersPLAYING NOW!______________***______________Watch AFTER in… 
5 Famous Old Movies That Now Look Painfully Stupid In 2019 #laugh #lol 
brah. like he's been in soo many of the same type of movies and NONE with a black woman. come on. 
WATCH Online: After 2019 Live HD on PutlockerPLAYING NOW!______________***______________Watch AFTER in HD &gt;&gt;&gt;… 
is making its own golden age of 
#Movie "Goodnight, Gloria" (2015) 
Oh, that light skin part is a whole other convo. I just know Marvel better do right by her. The new m… 
Thank the 
Yeah!! When I'm down I usually lock in my room and play some good music like yours. Or I just get some s… 
Now on sale Darling, with Sean Young and Lauren Ashley Carter. Mickey Keating’s new feature is a chilling black‐and… 
From NY Times: "In ‘Us,’ the Tethered Lives That Prisoners Would Recognize" 
I hate everyone for complaining about the movies, because it’s their fault this is happening. Rogue One: good. Last… 
The best move Disney ca 
Check out some of the terrifyingly awesome reviews that the #UsMovie received. If you haven’t seen it yet, book y… 
For $6.99 per month, Disney's new streaming service will have movies and TV shows from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star… 
“I’m the connective tissue between the desire and the making.” What Is a Grip? The Few Women Doing the Job in Holly… 
not only would it be stifling, but it wouldnt solve the base problem, which is the public already being afraid of s… 
you never hear s offering a solution to the jaws effect. i speculate its because its silly to put under their mode… 
A lot of good movies too, ghostbusters, gremlins, Indiana Jones , etc 
The critics hate it! 
You know you had the best childhood if you grew up watching these movies 
We don't have a bonus this week as we are working on editing and putting together our Twisted Dreams Film Fest foot… 
Wow! Disney+ Streaming Service – The Simpsons, Avengers and More Movies You’ll Be Able to Watch #DisneyPlus… 
I did not know this actress (Claire Forlani) until yesterday when, quite by coincidence, I watched 2 movies she’s i… 
Smartest thing #DisneyPlus could do is include Disney Channel Original movies 
So much potential then!  Just one opinion, but it's the best thing I've ever experienced on-screen (s… 
Can you fit in the third row of a Chevy Traverse? If you bring headphones, you can wat… 
Lokshin Biscop* movies are the worst. 
I'm at a film festival and uh oh guess who forgot he doesn't like watching movies 
2 movies that are a must see for the pro-abortion crowd: &amp; Both movies wi… 
That is not what South Africans who really know about wine and have travelled like.… 
This is something they've iterated on before and with the launch of Disney+ and premiere of the TV shows, it comes… 
Wow really?!?! I was really excited to watch this movie but yeah, I have to say that Guille actuall… 
#Disney unveils Disney+, its $6.99-a-month streaming service to compete with #Netflix with shows and movies includi… 
Star Wars is now a collection of spam movies... like the movie American Pie: Crustworthy 
We are teaching our son to love black people and black girls/women. We decode tv/movies constan… 
Movies out Today: 12 April 2019 
I don't think Noe truly believed that these characters are in the right. He does have a l… 
Aye, though I believe part of it is due to certain parts no longer being made. Though I would settle for… 
it would ruin a lot of movies’ pacing and editing, esp considering a lot of films use J cuts w mus… 
When they first designed Twitter, do you think they knew it would be used to remind each other of random 90s movies or... 
This is awesome! Does this include extended scenes? I swear there's a scene of Lego… 
Do you like movies? Do you like baseball? How about movies about baseball? What about free stuff? Get all of these… 
Movies. Sad ones. 
So does Treasure Planet, Atlantis, Lilo and Stitch, and Brave.They're the best Disney movies. Don't try to change my mind 'cause I won't. 
#filmpatrol It is a visionary move for Disney Plus to put all its movies in one place where I don't have to watch them. 
MoreWatch.! After (2019) Online Free Full Movie PutlockersPLAYING NOW!______________***______________Watch AFTE… 
#GalaxyS10 l would watch movies and enjoy the picture perfect picture quality that's exclusive to this amazing phone. 
#DORK 55: Worst Movies Ever 
A vocabulary of colours  
Am I the only one that doesn’t see the huge threat to NFLX from #DisneyPlus? I don’t see them as an either or. You… 
S/o to the women holding it down 8n the industry. Especially working a physically taxing job as grips and best 
remember when you could only see trailers by going to movies you did not want to see.... I do.....… 
#AvengersEndgame Wow what an awesome giveaway, this is on my Wish list... I'm a huge MCU, sad t… 
So many movies to choose from... This commercial counts 
It's a gorgeous Pj's, movies and music weekend. What I love the most. 
#DORK 57: Canceled Superhero Movies 
See all of EW's Marvel Cinematic Universe covers through the years #SextaDetremuraSDV 
I honestly can’t stand horror movies its not cuz its scary its cuz its bot scary enough LOL 
#DORK 60: Hockey Movies 
Sandlot TV Show In The Works For Disney+ From Original Film’s Director 
POLICE ACADEMY 3 remains one of the most slept on in the Criterion Police Academy set. Comedy + Rap/ DJs + Ninjitsu… 
Thank you Debs. Raining so it's a PJ, movies and music weekend. What I love the most  
The movies spent so much time hyping Jean and downplaying Storm so ppl downplay her.. I hate that! Sh… 
Geez easily Pixar. Can’t remember in the last 10-15 years watching one of their movies, but Marvel would be an easy 2nd to go. Lol 
Here's everything you need to know about #Disney+, from the shows, movies and services to price, availability and d… 
Movies where a woman poison their husband, but before they do so they will taste the poison to see if… 
Awesome!!!Thank you and see you at the movies!! 
An actor for all time  
If you legitimately are mad about live-action disney movies. Like. Not peeved. Not miffed. If it consumes you with… 
but i also need to learn it on my own because i spend my free time watching soccer, movies , twitte… 
SPOILER ALERT! | SHAZAM 2019 MOVIE REVIEW | NEW MERCH GIVEAWAY! via Let’s chat a… 
This is one of maybe five movies my mom and I agree on. Enjoyable from beginning to end. 
Taken from ‘Christopher Nolan: Movies That Made Me’ with  for the release of ‘The Christop… 
Got off work just to watch movies this am 
Taken from ‘Christopher Nolan: Movies That Made Me’ with for the release of ‘The Christoph… 
I never get tired of the National Treasure movies. I've seen both multiple times now. 
I'm going to have to say bye to and probably movies too (if they are also exclusive for Disney… 
Um so let’s see...if 92 percent of… 
I have to stay away from popcorn now until my wisdom tooth gets removed. I freaking crave popcorn and astros from t… 
Oddly enough, i think they could have done two movies for each LoTR, and two for the Hobbit. Every time… 
If the writers from don’t start writing TV shows and movies, they’re wasting talent 
nice 
WHO IS WATCHING THESE BORING ASS MOVIES?! 
Bad is judge dredd goid Josie and the pussycats (no really its one of the BEST non superhero comic movies ) 
Updates by area code. Social media tax is all but possible offering more services for less with what comes on publi… 
As a teacher, I love these remarks...but I am reminded of one of my FAVORITE quotes from one of my FA… 
You watch alot of movies 
The built in todo/reminders app on your phone is a good start. On iOS you can set up multiple lists. For… 
 Christopher Nolan on working with Heath Ledger in ‘The Dark Knight’, his preparation and development, and what h… 
My favorite movies from Illumination are:The Lorax and Despicable Me 3!!!!which one are yours? 
no. Get coffee + movies + your bad. Thats all you need 
When everything feels like the movies, yeah you bleed just to know you're alive  
I would watch scary movies with you Then you wouldn't be so scared or freaked out 
Great eye in the sky that can modify lighting.. Now I can take pics at the concert movies...w… 
Nope. Never watch these shit movies. 
Our first look at Disney’s impressive new $7 streamer, Disney Plus 
: they closed the cinema in Eikestad and they never have all the movies at the cinema eNeelsie.  
I always love screening movies and Missing Link is my current 2019 favorite!  Check out why we loved it! 
Comeback show Dr Thegenomics is the golden shovel. Don't do movies be the golden boy Ur. Even I love ur r… 
#Movie "Mindscapes Origins" (2014) 
“I just wanna keep making good movies. I wanna keep doing movies that resonate to people,” #MEFCC 
Soundtrack Alley Spotlight 13: Soundtrack’s Role in Nerdy Movies 2019 
my dad has amazon prime and i don’t think he knows you can watch movies and shows on there  
SO. MUCH. YES!  is now playing! Reserve your seats now: #MakeItICONIC 
Unicorns and scares, it's all about balance. 
3D Printing &amp; Movies – When 3D Printers Steal the Spotlight #3DPrinting #MoreThanRepro 
Fridays are just perfect for a movie night! Come to the home of entertainment and watch any of these 'now showing'… 
When the lighting is too good to pass up a selfie. #LittleMovie will be showing at your nearest cinema in one WE… 
Disney/ABC makes a whole lot more than children’s movies.They also own the entire 20th Century… 
Anyone who knows me knows that I am a guy who loves a good villain. In books, movies and shows I love it when the w… 
Disney’s new Netflix-killer will have a ton of movies and TV shows for $7 a month 
COMPETITION: What’s new at the movies?Stand a chance to win tickets to any of these amazing new movies.… 
One of my fav movies of all time 
If you base your ideas off of tv &amp; movies I’m going to laugh at you because black people are schizophrenic and don’… 
So, this is basically like one of their Disney Channel Original Movies and not actually going to be in a theatre, then? 
MOVIE REVIEWS: 'Little,' 'Missing Link' &amp; 'Hellboy' + MORE 
If I have schizophrenia you don’t get the money if I go into rehabilitation that’s what the family thinks from watc… 
“I have yet to do a proper space sci-fi movies and horror,” #MEFCC 
Some people’s fave shows end and nothing ever happens with it again but like pnf out here steady getting crossovers… 
100%  .. I’m an afflict fan too.. the town is one of my favorite all… 
They have most definitely become our easiest excuse to hang out because everyone in my friend group work… 
It always baffles me how extensive the creation of stop-motion movies are. Look at this  
Amanda Noah welp I think either prime or Netflix is gonna take a major hit considering the streaming service will a… 
Topher Grace Joins Jon Stewart’s Political-Comedy ‘Irresistible’ - Joining Steve Carell, Rose Byrne, Chris Cooper,… 
It’s just scary movies but I barely move a muscle I just sit still 
Have you not heard of the movie White Chicks. I found that one of the least funniest movies I have ever s… 
#GalaxyS10 l would watch movies and enjoy the picture perfect picture quality that's exclus… 
I just want to binge watch movies and dramas rn and also sleep all I want oh God pls give me the strength to push t… 
Good morning.  Welcome to Day 5 of Movies Week.  Oh and happy Friday!!  Have a fantabulous day!  
Movies, youtube videos and series, Avengers is coming out, Game of thrones, the perfectionist… 
"The Big Short" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
‘Her Smell’ Review: The Road to Rock ’n’ Roll Transcendence Goes Through the Gutter 
The Lady Who Looks Like My Mom seemed amenable to being brought tennis balls in the couch and throwing them down th… 
My Village Wife Has Gone Wild 2 - African Nollywood Nigerian Movies - #african #gone #nollywood #village #wife #wild 
My Village Wife Has Gone Wild 2 - African Nollywood Nigerian Movies - - #african #gone… 
Looking out for those Disney Channel Original Movies! #DisneyPlus #dontlookunderthebed #smarthouse #the13thyear 
Sun 28 Apr, join The West's #MoviesWithMark Naglazas and author and screenwriter Ben Elton in person, for an early… 
and the american movies and songs questions REALLY? 
All of it except number 5, since I’m not in school and number 1 since I hardly watch movies (but wanted to at some point). 
"Let's go home and chill in bed. Watch movies and make love.. the weather demands it"  
Is it my age? I correctly guessed EVERY one of those theme songs  from movies this morning on   
Horror movies typically don’t bother me, but there is a small handful that stick around and haunt me ev… 
Check out M'Baku #388 Funko Pop Marvel Movies Black Panther Bobblehead Figure #Funko via… 
I really think Very Scary People’s ads crosses a line. While people love scary movies, these are real people… 
To be fair, I rewatch bad horror movies all the time. 
Hah! I love audio clips in movies as well. Who knew that Common Loons were present on...whatever p… 
You can check my Letterboxd ratings of the MCU movies if you want  I may not rate some of them as highl… 
All of the new movies like Cap Marvel and others will be on here. Does that count as new? 
AND WHAT'S WRONG WITH UNASHAMEDLY LOVING HALLMARK MOVIES EXACTLY??? 
Can you also give good movies/series 
Why do we give them a dime? Watch these two movies: Unplanned &amp; Gosnell! It will instantly open your eyes! The Mira… 
Disney+ Full List Of Programming: 
As you said, there are many “challenges” to adoption of wh… 
I’m a more recent comic book reader, over the past year. It makes me love the movies more actually. Lik… 
One of the best movies I have watched in a long long long time 
To All The Boys I’ve Loved Before has joined A Cinderella story as my go to feel good movies. 
Back to school: renewed for season 2 by  #UmbrellaAcademy 
PLEASE EDIT DIONYSUS OVER AVENGERS AND MARVEL MOVIES PLEASE IM BEGGING 
i wanna watch animal movies with my first &amp; will be the last man but no one knows who is he 
I would want to know the creative team up front. Thor has 2 good movies and 1 lame one...Iron Man has… 
That’s a hot take by both of you.  I feel that the two Major League movies are pretty solid as well and up there. 
Reviews: Noah Centineo in ‘The Perfect Date’; plus, three more Netflix movies 
Totally underrated and put down purely due to Mel Gibson. One or those movies where if I stumble on it… 
The new Lion King Movie which will be released in July this year. That movie never gets old a… 
Disney+ Announcements Impress the Internet 
Movies, series, youtube videos and videos that I would take everyday with the #GalaxyS10 be… 
Fans slam trolls for racist remarks on Atlee after pictures with Shah Rukh Khan go viral - Movies News 
Noice, looking forward to seeing it, one of 2 super hero movies that I'm hyped for 
Who wants to help me eat chocolate and play video games and maybe watch scary movies? 
This top most marvel movies 
This is me..that’s why I spend weekends at home watching movies and weekdays it’s strictly school… 
Blu-ray/DVDs will always be here. I buy two Blu-ray's a week. I have over 2000 movies and it's growing. 
I could never bury this guy 
Machete &amp; sharpener, fire ferro rod, 1000 feet of paracord, heirloom veggie seeds, waxed-canvas te… 
Angithi they spend their energy Nd writing on creating series and animated movies. 
Forget physical media. Modern libraries let you check out digital versions of all the best 
You missed his point... He's referring to fiction shows. Shows that we watch to escape reality for a bi… 
Get on your dancing shoes because #LittleMovie will be in cinemas next #Friday on the 19th of April 2019. Book yo… 
Get hype. 
Hollywood movies are BS?? , whatever you're going through may the almighty see you through. 
captain marvel is one of the best MCU movies and it sucks seeing people try to act like isn't on here #UnpopularOpinions 
What Is a Grip? The Few Women Doing the Job in Hollywood Explain 
New Movies in Theatres this week. #FridayNightAtTheMovies 
I saw The Howling with my whole family in the movies… 
Sweet mailday yesterday as we rec’d our Finkel’s Fast Five (FF5)  mug from Get on his mailing list &amp;… 
Absolutely yes,I do support local movie industry, we stop supporting international movies.… 
James Wan movies are the best horror movies ever shot 
Leprechaun 20.00 commission. Oh the horror. #ink #commission #art #illustration #drawing #sketch #horror… 
Movies that premiered on April 12:Bend it Like Beckham (2002) The Cabin in the Woods (2012) Escape from Sobibor… 
Noah Centineo movies Best to Worst on so far:1. To All The Boys I've Loved Before.2. P.S I Love You(TATB… 
I would love to watch movies I copy to my phone on the new #GalaxyS10 I don't have a TV so it… 
The vibrations were rather low today but I jumped onto #MorningsWithOwethu &amp; suddenly got inspiration t… 
Still one of my favorite movies of yours Alicia!  
Here’s how a regulator plans to break DStv's stranglehold – including letting it buy only half the movies Hollywood… 
When the weekend hits, we've got your back with the most entertaining movies in town. Hellboy is this weekend's mus… 
Good food, Red wine and good movies. I haven't been indoors on a Friday this whole year. 
Nipsey Hussle Memorial Officially Set For Thursday At Staples Center - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
It Gives Me Goosebumps Just Hearing It Now No Other Spider-Mam Movie Will Have As… 
What you’ve been seeing in bits and pieces will eventually come out full force.#PetSematary will be in cinemas in… 
I Wish I Would Go Back To The 2000s Best Years Of My Life My Childhood In Those Da… 
Watched the #Hatchet series on all 4 movies, Horror/Comedy and I gotta say I loved them. Laughed so muc… 
Breaking video news: ‘Guava Island’ First Look: Childish Gambino’s Mystery Project With Rihanna Is Unveiled" via NY… 
When will Bollywood see beyond Kashmir’s snowy slopes and sinister plots? 
Classic movies 
Disney unveils price and launch date for streaming video service via 
I loved Shazam so much it was amazing, so many surprises and I really like how it showed how Shazam be… 
Early 2000’s movies are good for the soul. 
We discuss the ways that the remaining Avengers could possibly defeat Thanos and reverse the effects of the devasta… 
When Harry Met Sally: Meg Ryan, Billy Crystal and Rob Reiner Reunite 30 Years After Film's Release 
Pet Sematary: Is the remake dead or 
Terry Gilliam on the Madness of Don Quixote 
There’s a free app called Tubi (which has thousands of movies...about 1000 ho… 
Must See Top 10 Movies to Watch If You Like The Thing (1982) #horror: John Carpenter‘s The Thing (1982) is one of m… 
I watch/listen to horror movies or streamers most of the time. :&gt; 
The release of the Avengers: End Game movie comes out this month, we have our viewing scheduled on Sat, Apr 27th at… 
Few Bollywood movies I love is1999,1965,1971,1999Go… 
Taylor Swift Donates $113,000 to Fight ‘Slate of Hate’ Bills in Tennessee - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Last Night's #HellBoyZA Screening was great. The movie was interesting and had crazy gory parts. Less serious than… 
i am the nice guy you fall in love with me , i do not go out i always home . i watch tv or a movies a… 
I’m so down for this but are we going  to see the old Disney Channel shows or movies? Cause that would be what drea… 
I hate to tell you this, but you don’t have to read books to enjoy movies. People who comp… 
Academy Museum Loses Top Deputy (EXCLUSIVE) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
#GirlTalkZA where can I download series and movies guys... Which website??? 
Writers Guild, Agents Resume Meeting on Tightened Rules - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Action Movies 2015 English - WELCOME TO THE JUNGLE - Adventure movies (Cinema Movies Online free watch Subtitles an… 
Well it’s not a blockbuster. You can’t compare all movies. It’s opening in 2,10… 
A Brutal ‘Killing Eve’ Twist Challenges Our Villanelle Obsession (Column) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
What are some movies which critics dissed but they are now cult classics? 
When you're so used to being the horrifying boss but then you become #Little and get demoted. #LittleMovie – in c… 
RIF6 Cube Full LED Mini Projector Link to Buy- #film… 
#Movie "Friendship Love and Loyalty" (2015) 
I like #Kucoin because of these:- fast customer service online: when i have troubles, the CS o… 
Disney is unveiling a new streaming service. Disney Plus will include new releases and be the exclusive home for St… 
That being said at least Bird Box what's about a different sense you couldn't use... I want to know how these two m… 
Love horror movies, it was necessary 
Hello, weekend! This is the entertainment we have lined up for you. 
Because I can’t help disliking your movies immensely 
I'm not the first person to notice the similarities between the silence and The quiet place but I doubt it's a tota… 
We made it through a fair number of the IT Crowd, but I would much rather watch something that doe… 
Lots of other series, movies etc. There's tons 
The official full-length trailer for #TheLionKing movie has been released!Check it out here:… 
You want to live what you see in Hollywood movies? All the best. 
i still recall the original Vilma #movies #vilmanian #DARNA WATCH: Maja Salvador reacts to ‘Darna’ fan casting… 
Action movies all day long and never miss a moment  #GalaxyS10 
‘The Tashkent Files’ movie review: History in the time of conspiracies  
There’s literally like 20 movies on why this would be a bad idea 
Looking for #PanAfrican movies and series to watch this weekend? Check out this collection from #Viu. Click here to… 
It's a site where you can check off movies you've seen. I like it because I can simply import my imdb… 
Does anyone have all the Mission Impossible or the X-Men movies? Or knows someone who has them? 
The Perfectionists Sneak Peek: Alison Pushes the Trio to Reveal Their Secrets - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Here's everything we know about Disney's streaming service 
Lol, I'm interested to see if they did that (I always see it in the movies), or if the restaurant is just not doing… 
Disney’s inclusive makeover 
It was VERY BUMPY. I'm not a nervous flyer by nature but woof. The movies were a good distraction. 
Stop that. Stop it right now. Kids movies are totally for adults too. 
And Halloween has nothing to do with why I like this particular Bond film. Donald was… 
Things you should allegedly reach and watch about her. 
I wonder if Robert knew what he was starting with the first IRONMAN movie, imagine, Disney bought Marvel stu… 
Here's what's playing at the movies this weekend in Lancaster County: April 12 - 18 
From #Netflix to #Hulu, the best streaming sites for movies #streaming 
Politics on our minds 
Yesterday was a pretty good day. Lots of the Division 2, my first big dono from a couple of my great followers, a t… 
Digital 4K UHD Movies: American Hustle, Jerry Maguire, Wall Street, Hitch $5 Each &amp; Many MoreThumb Score: +14Ap… 
A Dog's Way Home review - Bella's compass 
Movies and food 
Former Superman Actor Wants Michael B. Jordan As The Next Man Of Steel 
For some of them, I think that's the only way you can see them,… 
Digital 4K UHD Movies: American Hustle, Jerry Maguire, Wall Street, Hitch $5 Each &amp; Many More -… 
#Movie "Behind the Mask: a Blessing or a Curse?" (2014) 
I said the same thing to someone else!   She's like a bad omen for fantasy movies! 
FYI, I get so psyched when you like my tweets! I might have to go rebuy the “writing movies” book and… 
I don't give a fuck about either of the Lion King movies.  Every animal in those movies would like to eat me.  No thanks. 
That is such a fitting meme  at least we have Guillermos movies and some great comics 
My favourite movies and music videos would be awesome to watch on this extraordinary device i… 
Is it a White thing or are there Black Dads who stalk their Daughters dates to the movies and shit like that 
Escapism. Human beings watch movies or TV shows to achieve that. Imagine; escaping the world using a manufactured w… 
They took theire own dignity away when they stared in 'porn movies' so u leave alone. 
Same.I've never understood to books and movies that involve "so hot things led to things" situat… 
Hey Twitter! #ADogsWayHome is NOW SHOWING in SA cinemas. Don't miss Bella's adventure on the big screen. Have you b… 
URGH!When? Just when will Bollywood rid us of these downright embarassing movies? That trailer had no punch. It's… 
Would love to Watch Movies, Favourite Anime And some Pics On My social  Networks #GalaxyS10 
He was an amazing character actor, loved seeing him in your movies. 
Digital 4K UHD Movies: American Hustle, Jerry Maguire, Wall Street, Hitch, &amp; More $5 each Apple iTunesThumb Sco… 
Am I safe to see endgame if I only watch The Avengers movies? My son is insisting on going opening night with me an… 
Winter Soldier and Civil War are my two absolute top Marvel movies. Must see. First cap is good but not amazing. 
gypsy's boyfriend is so stupid it's funny  he look like a whole creep at the movies #TheAct 
I'm a huge believer that the words we put into our brains, whether from actual people, or even from the movies and… 
Disney+ is coming for all you streaming service bitches, including you that wont release good movies or se… 
Escape room &gt;&gt;&gt; 2019 movies that are out so far 
No one asked u to watch his movies  , endhuku buildup istavu edo ne okadi ticket valla… 
After (2019)Watch : #Run100M #After #After2019 #Romance #romancenovels #Movietwit… 
 Porn stars recommend the best movies for 'Netflix and chill' (8 Photos)  
watching movies all day 
More movies should be like Chicago: where the thesis is These Women Are Evil and Sexy And Want To Show You Their Legs 
Can’t stop thinking about that movie about the choreographer what’s his face that has a lot of sexy women in leotar… 
Disney+ Will Stream All Disney, Pixar &amp; Star Wars Films, Most Marvel 
All movies.  
I'm not kidding I had a pretty sucky start to my day but I'm reading the disney plus press release and my inner 12… 
Who actually watches movies about dogs? I don’t get who the target audience is 
I went to my first live open mic for comedy. There  are SHIT LOADS of"comedians" that don't read the great… 
But will #DisneyPlus have original shows and movies like Wizards of Waverly Place, Star vs., Gravity… 
All these live action remakes of our childhood cartoon shows/movies and no studio is bothered to make a Dragon Ball Z one.  
#HeatherGrahamHotYoung pictures best movies quotes mini 
I'm keen, although I don't really watch movies  
#NowWatching Book Club (first viewing) I'm weirdly into the older lady movies so I'll probably love this one too  
Can we stop with the zombie series/movies/games? Shit's old. #BlackSummer 
I don’t like horror movies, this one wants to watch US  
It’s 4am and I’m watching the Naruto movies 
‘Brockmire’ EP Says No Comedy Is Off Limits When Directed At “Stupid Incompetent People In Power” – AMC Networks Su… 
#Movie "Moonrise Kingdom" (2012) 
Dance movies in 1 tweet.1. New comer likes the rival's partner2. New comer fails to make a mark3. New comer get… 
Wine Country trailer feat. Amy Poehler, Tina Fey, Maya Rudolph #Movies #TV 
Live in or near #Joburg? Be a tourist in your city with this comprehensive guide to activities, galleries, reserves… 
#Hellboy hits cinemas across SA today! Here's the trailer &amp; what you need to know:  
I can't wait! #DisneyPlus 
I was happily surprised that it was quite good cause Netflix original movies are usually quite shite 
Well first of all, it’s not a 3 hour movie......and movies never have the same details as books. 
I'm not sure if this is the Aus version. I have a free tv and movie app and could send you the link. No co… 
Telling lies is expensive, example: Hollywood movies. 
Cloak &amp; Dagger Season One  
My top 5 favorite movies might be: 1. Wedding Crashers2. Cheaper by the Dozen 2 3. Harry Potter &amp; the Goblet of… 
Watching "Sophie's Choice" on Netflix, and I declare Peter MacNicol is a great actor and should have more serious… 
Warner exibe o filme ‘Homem-Aranha’ no Warner Movies 
He reminds me of the serial killers in movies tbh.  
This weather needs me to bath, get into pjs, binge watch movies with enough junk supply that won’t require me to stand up! 
white people can make you lose it  but fact is we are not the only being, like these movie creators be l… 
It’s a whole movie fam. Then I must watch the equivalent of 9 movies?????? I don’t know hey  
Netflix really stepped it up with the movies and shows  
Jersey Trailer Nani Steals The Thunder 
Aquaman and Shazam the only mcu movies that are new tho...  
Recap Game of Thrones with this comic 
Chitralahari Review: Mixed Chitram 
“You know your know your missions.”#Marvel #Studios #AvengersEndgame is in… 
I love them equally although if you forced me to choose, I guess I'd say No Country For Old Men sinc… 
‘Gangs of Madras’ review: A tedious, unimpressive revenge drama 
I’m very political in my thoughts: Soni Razdan  
‘Final Solution’, documenting events in Gujarat in ’02-’03, is free to view once more  
I remember when i was 17 I would specifically watch movies with cute girls and then I realized how pointless it was… 
Disney  streaming plans revealed: When, how much, what shows and movies via 
Star Wars Episode IX Predictions: What's Next for the Sequel Trilogy? - Den of Geek US 
One thing I’m good for: if you EVER need something satisfying to watch- HMU!!!!! I am the pharmacist for good TV sh… 
Have seen Gundala teaser and it looks freshhhh. always put higher standard for his latest movies over an… 
I watched it 1 time. I like his other movies/st… 
DC  cinematic Universe 1 day  needs to explain what is so difficult about making a few little movies explaining the… 
Don’t watch TV or movies if you don’t li… 
And Jim Clemente FBI pretends He worked the MJ case but he got cancer &amp; couldn't &amp; didn't .. . HE… 
Top story: What Is a Grip? The Few Women Doing the Job in Hollywood Explain see more 
I guess by you're logic, the two black characters that are only in the MCU to be Captai… 
For those of us who experienced the sexual freedom of the 1960s &amp; 1970s, today's retreat of sex from movies is trul… 
Dude even though I dont get hyped for movies anymore, Im so hyped for the new joker movie 
#Disney+ Price and Release Date Announced, Will Have Console App #Android #IOS #Mobile… 
Yes praise Marvel for having a led Asian in a movie... AFTER 20+ MOVIES. Whereas Aquama… 
Hellboy was three movies with three different tones. I paid the most attention to the things that I liked, and I ho… 
Hey, Movies- get a trailer that doesn’t undermine your narrative. 
And Big Gay Al was featured in a grand total of one of the movies and four other episodes, one of which… 
 Lowest Price!iPad 3 Retina Display Tablet, 32GB for #ipad #apple… 
 Geeks!This USB SD Card Reader, reads 3 Cards simultaneously. Now selling for 
#Movie "The Last Apartment" (2015) 
The New York Times Television, Movies"What’s on TV Friday: ‘A Land Imagined’ and ‘The Magnificent Seven’" by GABE C… 
We love movies where the girls take the lead! Cinderella and the Secret Prince is now out on DVD - so don't miss wa… 
Its got to be all the avengers movies in preparation of the upcoming avengers end game. Now t… 
Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a month  via 
Fight club is one of th greatest movies I’ve ever watched. 
Go check out race days at &gt; || 2014 Rolls-Royce Ghost Black Private Owner, Used in Movies a… 
Disney+ will launch in November for $6.99 per month. Here are 5 things to 
Friday Fury - April 12 CHK out today's releases in Chennai Read more at: 
#GangsOfMadras  review: A watchable female centric gangster film#SaiPriyankaRuth  as a calculating vigilante prot… 
Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a month 
Here’s your first look at Disney+ 
Andrea plays a cop and a princess in 'Maaligai' 
#GVPrakash &amp; #Madonna to team up for #VaanamKotatum 
Tap to read what irrfank's wife has to say about his return to the 
#99Songs, a young passionate love story with music as its soul marks arrahman's 1st film as a producer &amp; writer.Y… 
Pop Culture is an embarrassment, not a barometer of world events. It's fine to enjoy movies, but don't cite them as… 
Who is waiting for this movie "The Lion King"? Find more on #thelionking2019… 
Don't miss these great indie movies! 
Coffee made, movies downloading. Issa FriYAY!!  
Music videos and movies #GalaxyS10 
When I get back, please take me to the movies. 
I’d say Endgame better be damn good so people don’t feel let down, the hype is so unreal I don’t know how it couldn… 
I just watched Star Wars (1977) #trakt 
that seems to happen, used to love to watch movies, can't bring myself to watch any of the trader's, they h… 
Terminator 2 is one of the greatest action movies ever 
Unfortunately, these two movies are not set to be released this week as previously announced. We will keep you post… 
Bad Boys 2But:That Batman Sequel is proper I wouldn’t mind repeating all those movies. 
It was exactly what the DCEU needed right now. Hopefully they’ll learn from it and apply some of those things to future Movies 
Can anyone recommend recent movies I can watch this weekend?! 
A Star is Born is easily top 3 best movies, I am a m e s s 
#bruh I forgot Chris Evans was in this movie #lol #Avengers #captainamerica #funny #ChrisEvans #movies 
ever thought about movies/books/etc predicting future events? Example Back to the Future and 9/11? 
Why Disney Pulled all Movies from Netflix and HBO, Showtime, etc 
how are you feeling today? x — feeling good since erbody’s here at home. it feels nice when u are w ur cousins &amp; pa… 
DON'T MISS THIS SATURDAY'S EPISODE OF 'THROUGH THE DOORWAY' AS WE COVER POSSESSIONS IN MOVIES AND REAL LIFE. 
#Galaxy S10I would watch everything &amp; anything from movies to videos . Alas… 
Our rescue pup Deogie. .he loves your movies! 
I still hear ppl speaking about it. Some movies are timeless though .... I still watch nottinghill… 
I don’t watch stuff if I know it will be sad I don’t like feeling sad intentionally I already have that… 
Movies You'd Never Guessed Were Box Office Bombs 
I am quite surprised by how well my post about Disney Princesses in horror movies has gone. Glad to see so many Dis… 
She is trying to deceive ! Holly’s will soon start producing movies that sympathize with radical Islam. Mark my words 
I don't like the idea of everyone having a different subscription service at all. I like ala carte, but from one se… 
Movies are not gender specific. Gender does not apply. Nobody cares if a superhero is male or female… 
Disney+ streaming service to launch in #November and feature 8,000 movies [Sky News] 
My heart is literally full rn. My little brother saw me upset and crying and told me to go to his room put Disney m… 
No thanks! Nothing new here! Give me the old school TV shows, movies and cartoons. Enough with the new crap I… 
So basically they have two vaults. One is the public ""FUN"" vault for promotional/sales purposes,… 
movies like this dont exist anymore smh 
White folk so stupid in the movies foo make ah nigga wanna jump in the tv and smack ts outta they ass 
Signed up for a screenwriting group. We will meet on Saturday. I am very excited. I have written scripts for plays.… 
Going to the movies alone is banging 
For those of you who don’t cry during movies.. HOW?! HOW do you not connect with the characters.. and your life.. just.. h o w?¿ 
Just like the movies... 
You obviously haven't watched movies ne they cut that finger 
The Harry Potter Movies #GalaxyS10 
Food last longer (you save lot of money on this),You get to watch movies in peace without discussing every metapho… 
The Harry Potter Movies  #GalaxyS10 
When are writers going to start coming up with new movies and stop redoing movies from my youth? 
I wonder if all of the Disney princess movies will be on there  
#GalaxyS10 I would re watch Marvel movies as a build up to Endgame 
I couldn't sleep when I went to bed before 1 then I ended up watching movies till like 5am. . . 
#Movie "Cannibal Lipstick" (2015) 
This is exciting.  I loved your other Wedding March movies. 
I can’t stand the tv anymore because the watch updates me the phone updates me the movies update me I get notificat… 
My fighter is superhero movies because it’s one of the few genres I can enjoy without overanalyzing plot an… 
I’m 20 years old and I love scary movies but they still give me nightmares for like a week  
Thank you.  Ilove the Christmas movies. 
Disney revealed some new footage today. 
The Walt Disney Co is making Netflix the stream service equivalent of Facebook (eww). They better pivot strategical… 
Will #DisneyPlus be a worthy contender?  
The man in the moon ..one of my favorite movies growing up. 
I came ALIVE when Meagan Good was revealed in Shazam! She's such a good actress. Someone needs to book her for some serious movies. 
Horror movies r sick until u think yo whole family possessed and tryna clap u 
How do people on TV or in movies take tablets with no liquid? 
All Star Wars films, SW: The Clone Wars, 13 classic animated Disney films, all Pixar movies, and many new Marvel sh… 
Jussie Smollett Skewered By ‘Saturday Night Live’ After Dropped Charges With ‘Empire’ Firing Skit -… 
Already planned what I’m gonna do for the evening... Wait for to be updated on my laptop (is currently… 
wonders as the days go by how many new songbirds we might find trying to save there feathers .. might… 
We're trading preferences!  I actually have the weekend off (from work, not writing… 
Best Bollywood Thriller Movies – 7 Most Incredible Thrillers (2007 – 2018) 
I’m just throwing this out here, but hasn’t been in a female directed movie since 2009, 
Official Disney+ Announcement Megathread #Movies #TV 
#GalaxyS10 Movies 
Boy I need to know the streaming service so I can relive my favorite childhood movies and shows! 
HELLBOY: Is it worth the hype? Read our #nonspoiler review and find out! #Hellboy #movies #film #boxoffice #weekend… 
Sometimes when I watch Leo DiCaprio movies, I like to think his character is immortal and lived through everything… 
Disney unveils price and launch date for streaming video service 
#GalaxyS10 Movies The equaliser 
The production of Season 8 was $ 90 million (R1.2 Billion),not even all your fav movies amount to that,… 
 #GalaxyS10 would love to watch my movies of my kids and babe the movie.  
Porn “Blue movies”. 
#GalaxyS10 Movies all day 
Guys, have an open mind to this reboot. It’s something out of this world! you were amazing! You did the… 
80’s movies are literally the best  
it all starts from one customer campaign, we like to trigger memories remembering good stuff from classic Movies an… 
Concerts, movies and recorded 
Hotel Mumbai and Unplanned: Movies They Don't Want You to See #AAG 
He watched movies and kowtowed to feminists. Obviously, mind uploading is the next step. 
Pretty sure the decanter per capita ratio in television and movies is like 4000 times higher than real life. 
Epidemic movies &gt; zombie movies. 
took a trip to the movies to get Avengers tickets. We brought a camera. Full video at the link down below… 
Some of the movies I watch during those times...(500) Days of SummerNick and Nora's Infant Playli… 
1. Books will always be better than the movies2. I’m grateful there was a movie made after all these years3. Netf… 
Sliding Doors = one of my all time favorite movies. 
LMAO just, movies with bad acting, poor story line annoy me, I can't watch em 
It’s really annoying when I want to be annoyed at these movies because the trailer LITERALLY shows the… 
You can't just pretend Natalie Portman is just off screen for like 10 movies in a row. 
centered around one of the movies in particular or mashes up all of them? 
#GalaxyS10 I would love to watch all the Home Alone movies. Gives me that festive feel  
I love Star Wars too but damn people r fucking sad for thinking these movies are hot shit and ruin your life 
"You're going to need a bigger lap" - Duke. Our favourite pets are back at Dendy June 20 for a sequel on what happe… 
35-40 year old women bitching about movies with fake characters and a hairy ass dude that’s 9 feet tall like it’s real. 
#WritingCommunity has put (and continues to put) many amazing movies and television series in our homes… 
The Indian Wars: A Change of Worlds: American Indians and Friends 
Even in the movies  
We gotta get you caught up on some movies it seems! Lol 
Just don’t tell that guy about the movies, because bruh will be triggered! 
Unpopular take: McKinnon is not a lead “actress”. As good as she is on SNL - she is terrible in the… 
I mostly watch Nigerian movies just to laugh. 
So if there’s a strike does this mean all the tv shows and movies are gonna be shit in like two years or so? 
Unfortunately the people they idolize have been poisoning them and they have no brain cells left. I thi… 
Sir - I have huge respect for you and your work. Why come in politics ...please make brilliant movies. 
Too much pink but she looked like a princess in those fairytale movies 
ONE OF THE BEST movies ever made &amp; ever seen. An absolute masterpiece. 
Another free week of HBO and Cinemax, time to record a bunch of movies! 
1998 may have been the best year, ever.Great movies and the year I started masturbating. Regularly. 
silence of the lambs is so fucked up in the best way. an absolute masterpiece, one of my favorite movies 
time to lock myself in my room and binge watch sad movies cuz iz not our sUmmEr bReAk yEt! 
Cant wait to see a Disney show that actually looks like it connects with the mcu movies. 
Daai movies was comedies! 
I cant do scary movies lol 
Criterion Collection movies are really expensive to buy and get shipped to Aus so the only one I've s… 
Disney+ streaming plans revealed: When, how much, what shows and movies 
Likely cause it wouldn't do good as unfortunately it's not that popular among their movies. In fact I d… 
I like watching movies with people too, which is why I love watching with family and friends. Rand… 
Just moved in to new place so with such great Hd video Quality I could enjoy watching movies… 
#Movie "Deadly Skies" (2006) 
I am a wuss when it comes to scary movies. I got nightmares just from my sister TELLING me (that’s right,… 
The infinity-o display will come handy when I watch all the movies I've saved in my phone. Gotta see everythin… 
The INFINITY-O DISPLAY WILL MY MY LIFE MORE VISIBLE TO WATCH MY MOVIES AND VIDEO OF MY FAMILY… 
Yes re robala releng, probably change when we don’t watch movies at night 
NEW EPISODES!3 NEW EPISODES: Offended(Most Anticipated Summer Movies), Hockey Talks and the Weekly Wrestling Wrap… 
With this screen I could  see clearer Dstv movies when away from home 
is my fave pop culture writer- if you are interested is any Game of Thrones coverage during the final… 
Get you a friend who spoils movies so that you never have to watch them 
Mine too!!!! That and the scorpion king. As a little tradition, on Xmas I used to… 
Infinity display for infinity entertainment for all my games and movies and series #GalaxyS10 
#GalaxyS10 all the Home Alone movies. Gives me that festive feel.  
#GalaxyS10 Movies the wholeday 
Cant wait to see u bae plus there are new movies on Netflix.  We can watch. Can you please sleep over? 
out of curiosity, is it a continuation of Del Toro's movies? 
OMG. QUESTIONING EVERYTHING IVE EVER KNOWN TO BE TRUE 
Depending on the type of cold, lots of hot lemon juice and tea, (in the evening hot orang… 
One of my childhood favorite movies! I watched so many cartoon movies. Can I reccomend to watch Once Upon A Forest next? 
Hey you guys! The Goonies is returning to Regal theatres 4/13 &amp; 4/15. Crown Club members  can get tickets and a sm… 
Watching Wanted has made me think of my top five Angelina Jolie movies. In no order they are, Taking lives, wante… 
2.For example, if they are looking for something funny to watch they rewind and watch General Custer’s Charge where… 
With an assist from Kevin Durant, 'Q Ball' shows the power of basketball | Datebook#QBall #Warriors #DubNation  
Sam Rockwell's doing an AMA! It's early, on Saturday, Apr 13th at 10 A.M., on /r/IAmA. Check it out! #Movies #TV 
Disney revealed the details of its Netflix rival, Disney Plus, including its price and release date $DIS  
I just want Netflix to take all its movies off and start from scratch. The selection is shit 
I think the reviews are FAR too hard on the movie. While it isn't going to win any awards, it was schlocky gorey fu… 
Watching #Screamers (1981) because sometimes when I can't sleep I watch a mediocre b-movie to bore me unconscious.… 
Hellboy sucked, but you should still go see it. Why? Cool demons, sexy monsters. We need more studios willing to pu… 
omg or the countless movies and sleep overs on the big comfy couch  
It’ll be alright, boy 
Why you and not me?  I like Malcolm.… 
your content is getting horrible. My feed is loaded with cheap “netflix originals” that are clearly ripoff… 
When I was married, I had over 2300 VHS/DVD movies. A lot of them were crap, or damaged. When I moved, I had to thr… 
i don’t know anything about how movies get made, but for this I keep wondering if the director is just off screen y… 
I understand the movies flaws but it brought me immense joy seeing a character that means so much to me… 
*spoiler* like, let’s just FUCKING FORGET ABOUT DRAGONS?!? After 3 movies of falling in love with them?!? How DARE you 
Interesting to learn this is a thing. I think this is why characters almost always match my internal picture when t… 
by now I usually get somewhat bored with movies I’ve gone to so many times; Captain Marvel I could see… 
y’know those scenes in movies or tv shows where the character goes to a library to check out a bunch of books on a… 
Michael Keaton to star in Amy Pascal-produced drama GOODRICH, written and to be directed by Hallie Meyers-Shyer… 
I knew Michael #Avenatti was a first class POS, but the absolute level of scumbaggery he sank to makes the worst fi… 
What movies? I just watched the witch last night and it was pretty good. Must have subtitles on tho… 
Many Indian movies are screened in Seattle area cinemas. Have been looking fwd to it. 
It'll be ironic if, after all these zombie movies and tv series, we all get killed off by climate change or raccoons. 
RIP Rapper Nipsey HussleI'll be including these clips in my Wall of Heros Facebook page for sure! If you have an… 
Comedy movies #TostitosThursday 
what is your favorite movie or show that you were in, and what is your favorite all-time movie tha… 
Their all crooked snakes Mr. Woods! Glad there are some actors who have a brain. Like you!! Thanks! Love your movies too! 
Here’s your first look at Disney+ #tech #feedly 
An app where I can watch all the marvel movies/ new content, and my son can watch any Disney movie? $7 seems like a steal. 
Disney+ first look: 5 takeaways on cost, launch date, new shows, movies and more 
For at least 50 years its been a punchline that blacks don’t make it through horror movies, and no one called it ra… 
I think one of the easiest ways to set yourself up for disappointment is making your kids watch the movies you did… 
My sister is going out of town so guess who has her apartment to watch movies and be in pjs all day!  
You so get me right now lol... but I so want to turn my stories in to movies.. it wi… 
Star Wars is fantasy- makes sense to keep the aesthetic somewhat s… 
Here we are late into the night. Time for a movie review. A Dog’s Purpose? 0/10. Never seen it but I don’t have to.… 
What a big fucking surprise. All the DCEU movies have been finally successful (except Josstice League) but off cour… 
Jersey looks great! So loving good movies that come from not run of the mill creators. #Nani 
Watching the avengers movies through leading up to end game. Forgot how good Winter Soldier was. So dam… 
If you think I’m going to pay $70 a year for a streaming service with new Marvel content and all the classic Disney… 
This girl swerved into my lane and almost hit me because she was snapchatting the double rainbow. A rainbow. Someon… 
Mud mask and zombie movies  
"But why can't anything be real?Emotion like the movies feelA pill to break the drone of reverieSo br… 
#ARRahman’s first film as a writer-producer releases on June 21. #99Songs has been in production since 2015. It's a… 
And was in the Rocky series of movies. 
To anyone that cares the sisterhood of the traveling pants movies are on Netflix!!! 
Noisy And Oppressive '#Hellboy' Reboot As All Action And Attitude Author: Brennan PolichClick to here to read --&gt;… 
It's also kind of strange and a little jarring to watch #BlackPanther after the last three movies were comedies. It… 
Dont you like Jason Bourne movies Cates?Just guess work and speculation no it's not your thing as a… 
Rewatching the original #Hellboy movies before going to see the new one tomorrow. Harbour's got big boots to fill,… 
You'll basically be the deciding factor for if I see Hellboy or not. I loved the old movies, but wasn't sure about this one. 
1091 (formerly The Orchard) nabs North American rights to Hannah Pearl Utt's comedy BEFORE YOU KNOW IT, starring Ut… 
I’m also very hyped. Specially with the movies going to the streaming once they left the theaters! 
Ok but #DisneyPlus needs to have all movies in the MCU!!!  
We’ve all seen enough sports movies that we know this is our highlight reel of terrible games before we get real hot. 
when people say they hate superhero movies or animation, what are your interests  cheating on other people?  #Endgame 
Again. . Hollywood critics going after . Too bad, that Hollywood doesn't get, WE   . We don't… 
I walked out of the Halloween remake by Rob Zombie. Never been a fan of horror movies. This one se… 
One last time at the Tivoli. I spent so many nights in college in this theatre for my film courses. I’ve seen so ma… 
BMW troll gurinchi choosa and someone commented she earned it thru movies.. other… 
‘Saturday Night Live’: Robert De Niro Reads from the Mueller Report (Watch) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Lol yeah I know just messing with you. It was a good movie although not like most other marvel movies… 
Just for fun!  Who’s this? What movie?  #CloserNation  I was seven years old in 1987, when this movi… 
I got it.  No problem here.  I’m as pi… 
Sappy ass movies gotta make you all emotional and shit. 
I just watched Patriot Games (1992) #trakt 
Right… 
My only question is with Star Wars being included. Doesn’t Turner own the broadcast rights to the Star Wars movies? 
why does netflix only have the shitty barbie movies 
I question anyones taste in movies if they don't love #10THINGSIHATEABOUTYOU 
Drunk watching bad movies is the best! 
Shout out to horror movies for making checking my rearview mirror while driving at night the bravest thing I'll ever do. 
Such a lovely write-up of my fave GoT writer! Can’t wait to see what she does next. 
To be fair I feel like that’s what Lynch wants with a lot of his movies 
Continued-- Reparations should include: Rent and mortgage subsidies for married couples who want to live in an 70%… 
spent the afternoon watching Bollywood movies &amp; it annoys me how they try to pass off these gorgeous women as the “… 
You know while I fundamentally disagree with Disney remaking it's animation movies into live-a… 
#Movie "The Ali-wood Shuffle" (2015) 
I chalk it up to Hollywood execs not knowing how to market / make Superhero movies without looking g… 
 Star Wars Movies Will Take a Break After Episode IX, Disney Says Via 
I would love if you created a shortlist of baseball movies and took a poll. I want to agree with your c… 
Netflix really been lowkey adding good movies now 
That was my thought overall. There’s a level of ego to this movie snobbishness that c… 
The Disney it comes 
I never understood how people in zombie movies don’t know to shoot zombies in the head. Have you NEVER seen a zombie movie? Lol 
We watched a few weekends ago, definitely worth watching. still trying to figure a few things out. B… 
Meet Joe Black is one of only two movies I fell asleep watching in the theater as an adult. Worst part is that when… 
You tell them, Brie! 
First off. The line of thinking: "I want to be able to watch normal( not kid) movies, do my hobbies, don't want to… 
As long as he didn't ask you if you like movies about Gladiators, you'll be ok Scott. 
Haven't watched one of my movies in a while, VCR is not working. 
Kinda expected llama day...but mediocre 90s movies? 
Hey Ed, arguing that Assange shouldn’t be arrested because he did some good journalism rises to a “Roman P… 
Second night, based off movies other people have mentioned:GhostbustersEvil Dead 2BladerunnerBack t… 
I mistook them too. Similarly, Joe's Apartment and Marvin's Room got switched in my head which is wild bc… 
I love going to the movies! Minus the spending money, seeing a good movie with an engaged crowd is one of my favorite things. 
If you’re in your 20s, see as many movies in theaters as you can. You’re at peak bladder strength, currently. 
The movie volcano is probably one of the most ignorant ass movies I have ever seen. How do you not know what lava is?! 
Using the babes vudu to watch movies #mygirl #movies #lgbt #love 
Jeez, people. Don't blame Criterion for them not being available in your country. Different distributors… 
So this is Disney+ the new platform to see the Pixar, Star Wars, Marvel and many other movies and programs 
so sexy that gkids never screens movies anywhere near me 
I mf miss being tight w English teachers, no one cares about the weird books you read like they do :(( Also talki… 
If you like romance movies, Forever My Girl is a MUST 
I'm tryna lay up, cuddle n watch movies .... not this 
I've never seen the original movies but I'll gueeeeeess those are wildly off base for the series. 
This week, we discuss Papa’s Cabin, Un-American Grafitti and Debasement Tapes, and our top 10 Paul Rudd movies of c… 
No ar: Katy Perry - Not Like The Movies 
Few movies I can watch more than once. This e makes me laugh every time.  Esme you need to watch this — watching Monster-in-Law 
not liking it so far. Too much self adulation of art movies. Needs to be more like filmstruck. 
People who have been wondering why Carol Danvers hasn't been on Earth for all the other Marvel movies must either n… 
First it was comic books. Then violent movies. Then naughty music. Then video games. Then… 
ji...only 1 word for you...Behetareen...#CriminalJustice ..is a master class...and you are like..… 
My wife &amp; kid saw KUBO without me at a time when I wasn… 
Probably gonna do 400 domestic, 700 overseas, 1.1 billion worldwide. Not quite on the level of Black Panther of 1.3… 
#Repost (get_repost)New Movies This Week (Apr 10-16)StrandedHellboyLove;LifeThe HealerLast… 
Great score by Carter Burwell, too. And Hugh Jackman/Zack Galifinakis are excellent. No ego in the voice work - the… 
I forgot how many animals jodoworsky kills in his 
If you wanna be my lover you...gotta commit to going to Marvel movies with me for life it's getting tough out ther… 
Probably so, you know his integrity doesn’t hurt because he continues to make bullshit movies 
Cismen are no longer allowed to write movies #itslaw 
My mother was a bit progressive when it came to movies. She didn't really follow ratings like that. She determined… 
it is you that I see when I commune with the supreme intelligence, but I think commune with a slightly… 
I think it looks good and I am super excited for it. I'm also easily entertained and don't really c… 
In case you’re wondering. All the Spy Kids movies are on Netflix. 
i bought all these marvel movies just to have disney release them with their new streaming service  
It is somewhat in Star Trek's nature to be repetitive. Discovery definitely doesn't have it easy finding new ground… 
And, it's very common for a teacher to teach a 7yo kid that Jaws is scary, but fictional, just like a… 
"A Hard Day's Night" is now #605 out of 2069 movies on my Flickchart! via 
Well i still love rewatching some of the 80s cheapo horror movies i got to see that way that seemingly… 
Finally finished both Ant Man movies! 
I’m watching movies too! 
Kelsey Grammer to star in "politically-charged" indie romance CHARMING THE HEARTS OF MEN #film #movies 
Saw Vacation 11 times ,i saw Nightmare on elm street 3 , 4. Lets spend the night together by the Stone… 
I've been binge watching Hack The Movies, lots of Cinemassacre and random Momo videos. 
I have been using this calendar. I cheated and watched Infinity War tonight, instead of tomorrow. I can't believe… 
To keep myself awake I do puzzles and watch movies lol. Good luck to all ARMYs that are trying to sleep rn! 
I need to stop watching serial killer movies / shows because every time I hear my dog bark I’m scared 
Titles, casts and premiere dates of #movies in Hallmark Channel's "Countdown to Summer" programming event revealed… 
This is how cats are trained for TV and movies   
Come join us at for some discussions on anime, gaming, music, and entertainment in general. One Pun… 
That's what I though. They are treating their audience like their children and not adults. And even… 
Imagine liking movies 
One thing it took me far too long to learn, is not to worry what others think of your interests. I didn’t stop cari… 
All other movies 
I’ve got so many tv shows and movies to watch #FirstWorldProblems  
She wasn't afraid to make sure her voice was heard. Taraji P. Henson stars as Ann Atwater in #TheBestOfEnemies. Tic… 
Understandable. I know the Hulk is fake but Marvel movies are entertaining. It’s… 
Movies are fucking great 
You've been in enough mob movies/FBI films to have studied characters like Trump. He has no consci… 
Was never really into Capt Marvel(any versions), Dr Strange, or Thor. I'll wait till it's out on Netf… 
It’s 2009. I come home from school. Ajs in his crib and my dad throws on old kung fu movies until mom gets home. Life is good. 
"Iron Man 2" and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
The old school Disney movies better be on here 
This movie made money because the star wars apisode one trailer was attached to it. Hard to get i k… 
and i don’t watch scary movies 
Virtual Reality Headset by 4Dimensions – 360 Degrees Gaming Experience – Supports 3D Movies and Games – Compatible… 
Haha - I’m now sleeping normal hours. They surely can’t make money at $7/month unless Disney+ is only… 
I CAN JUST SEE GROVER DANCING WITH HIS LEGS FULLY OUT THOSE MOVIES WERE SO BAD IT'S SO UPSETTING 
The 4 best tech innovations we saw at CinemaCon, which could change the way you watch movies in theaters 
Also, I've been getting into collecting digital copies for movies which I can be assured are going to be on my acco… 
Netflix should add reviews to movies 
doing face masks and having movies nights, that’s all i want 
All Disney+ Streaming Content Will Be Available to Download Too Disney's new streaming p… 
Batman (1989) 30th Anniversary in select theaters May 4th ! Theater locator : 
Is it that hard to have a friend that will come over and watch movies and cuddle and not have them thinking you’re… 
I’m going to miss it too buddy. Saw so many great movies there and the old location too. It’s the end of an era. 
Miami Beach fucks and Matt McCoy should have had a long run of Police Academy movies. 
Mark Wahlberg, Connie Britton &amp; Reid Miller to star in true-life drama GOOD JOE BELL, with MONSTERS AND MEN writer-… 
Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a month - The Verge #news #feedly 
TCM (Turner Classic Movies) celebrates 25 years: a talk with GM Jennifer... - Atlanta Journal Constitution 
I know! This crew always makes good movies 
I’m interested to see what happens to Netflix. Its movie selection is pretty average.… 
I should not be soothed by all of the final destination movies but here we are  
Bought a PS4 and now I’ll be binge watching my Fast movies. 
I would subscribe to Dsney+ for $7 a month, why not? And I don't even like the Star Wars or Marvel movies. 
It's been a slow day so I renamed the Shrek movies to make them more audience-friendly:Shrek: The OriginShrek: T… 
I finally understand marvel movies! They are all meant to be watched while drinking duh 
Summer 2019 Movie Preview: 31 Superhero, Horror &amp; Comedy Movies You Should See 
Oh, I'm sure marks movies with a specific perspective "pr… 
Shiiiit the movies be taxin 
Most fires (fireplace, camping) on TV and in the movies drive me nuts because they look so fake. Once you start to… 
the Alexa app yes or you can set timers. Plus my bar light can do all sorts of colors. Red is great at… 
Disney’s new Netflix-killer will have a ton of movies and TV shows for $7 a 
This makes me sad. All the good movies are being ruined. I hope this makes Disney lose money. And… 
I’m watching Chitty Chitty Bang Bang on On Demand now. So nice that #Xfinity is having free #movies this week!… 
I knew I knew this main actor in the new show in watching, and it turns out it’s because of that stint in time wher… 
Oh my god I’m glad Joss Whedon is off these damn movies. 
Omg and people chastise me for not having seen movies‽‽‽‽ I've seen that one. First time was when I was six. And I cried. 
Not as awkward as what some of the girls in the movies we review thought! 
I didn’t want any part of it, but the price, the variety of content, and the fact that my daughter is… 
why does my HDR TV look dark when I’m watching HDR movies? 
Come join us on an adventure through space... well, less of an adventure, more of a job.  #anime #entertainment… 
Wife tonight wanted to watch a movie. I asked her "whatcha want to watch?" She replies "something cute funny and ha… 
In your opinion what factors contribute to a good movie? | Movies are undoubtedly one of the world's biggest entert… 
The original spider man movies. 
It's fascinating, so far: All That Heaven Allows: A Biography of Rock H... by Mark Griffin 
all of my movies,games,books are on a physical format ,dont like the idea really of digital media . 
Can we discuss how absolutely absurd the cast of 'Mars Attacks!' was? #Movies #TV 
#Movie "Donald Duck: Chip an' Dale" (1947) 
If you like romance movies, I highly suggest..A Walk in The Clouds  Army boy meets a Mexican-American Californ… 
Also the LOTR &amp; Hobbit movies were all 3 hours and no one complained there. Those movies trained me for this. 
- Wouldn't tossing the arc reactor into the ocean count as littering? Like, didn't we learn in the last two movies… 
With quality reimagined Stephen King movies in It and #PetSematary which ones should they tackle next? I say Sale… 
#DisneyPlus Disney’s like, if superhero movies are winding down how can we keep taking money from indoctrinated gee… 
It was an amazing and mind changing movie. That’s what they’re afraid of. It’s one of the most influe… 
Old vampire movies&gt; homework 
That was me with Family Video. Like, I love movies!! Just hire me already lol 
That's super cheap for the amount of movies and shows on it 
Its gonna rain tomorrow and I’m trying to decide if I wanna watch movies all day or go to a coffee shop you only g… 
Totally! I love cheesy horror movies. 
I should be packing for tomorrow, but instead im watching movies in bed eating ice cream  
d that was in movies and TV shows and shit, Riku pranks motherfuckers, Joanna is a hilarious girl w… 
100 days / 100 movies...  post 100 movies with only a picture to identify it Get your friends and followers to gues… 
TCM Film Festival Offers an Inclusive View of 'Love at the Movies' #tcmff 
8000 channels, 1,000,000 movies, PPV and every "sports ticket" possible. ............. and i'm watching "The Orville". 
I worked in the building where Ebert &amp; Roeper screened movies. I rode 14 floors w/ Ebert (after his ca… 
One more blizzard and my… 
Well mutilation movies like Rob Zombie and Eli Roth yes, but traditional slasher films like Halloween a… 
Seriously, they’re studio needs to re watch the Hulk movies!! 
Bold words. 
They really dropped the ball with the "Disney+" name tbh. They could have done so much better"The Mous… 
I’m not usually one to police the things people like but uh everyone who hasn’t seen all the marvel movies but is… 
Disney+ is literally just a streaming service for Disney's shows and movies. Star Wars (wh… 
..... I know too many people who serve or served in JSOC. Good folk.It’s a much longer conversation… 
Jared Kushner's perpetually blank look reminds me more &amp; more of those remarkably-lifelike character… 
Yeah. They have theme parks and cruise ships too. The rest of the stuff they d… 
I think I’ve watched my last movie I’m tired of people talking and texting during the movie and I’m t… 
I just want to watch movies in bed and have pizza. Yoh hayisuka ig I was a ten ngendi within ngoku 
I would listen! Give us some of the movies you are going to talk abo… 
To your point, movies are also an easy group activity where reading is not. 
SKnite at the movies! Definitely a defining moment! A long day but worth it if you get a chance go see Little!… 
Some legendary shit! 
Better than previous movies konni scenes lo matram  #chitralahari 
I feel lost because I’d like to see these movies but I don’t know which one to start with. 
It’s April and moms watching Christmas movies 
This movie had the best character aesthetics out of all the Thor movies. 
Whoever keeps on letting direct their movies needs to stop cuz it’s just getting pathetic 
And the animated movies/series rotate as well. Some of that might be rights issues,… 
Disney’s new Netflix-killer will have a ton of movies and TV shows for $7 a month #shared 
Disney+ Full List Of Programming: Streaming Service’s Series, Movies, Specials &amp; More via 
Kevin Green (MySOdotCom) originally shared: How LA Is Influencing America (And Not Just Movies) 
Come hun will watch movies and have popcorn your presence means a lot to me 
Alas, genetic engineering of all sorts is unstoppable.  Those futures that sci-fi movies used to show u… 
#MrsB and I liked the movie. Not five stars but still a good movie.....The Silence Netflix review 
I've had it with Zombie Apocalypse tv shows and movies. If you're gonna have Zombies I want a reason or at least a consistent mythology. 
I’ve been rewatching all the movies. Every damn time. 
your an asshole if you spoil movies 
Isn't that where Tony Stark was, for one of his movies? They imply he met Nick Fury &amp; Nat afterward. 
11% my goodness all the possible movies that could be made and they reboot a meh franchise Y? 
i absolutely HATE watching movies with people who can’t shut the f*ck up! stop asking questions and watch the damn f*cking movie! 
The Core is in my top 10 geology movies. 
Between all of the Marvel spin-off series, Star Wars spin-off series, and original Disney Channel series/movies I g… 
Something I realized rewatching all the #Marvel movies is #IronMan2 wasnt terrible. But the fight scenes were so an… 
Dude.  It’s Disney material.  KQ 3 or 4 could be cold awesome as movies. 
Aren't you the guy that made all those funny noises in the Police Academy movies? 
Cuddling and watching horror movies all night with someone would be amazing right now. 
In a world is one of my favorite movies. It is criminally underrated. 
I'm honestly not all that interested in #DisneyPlus at the moment. I do enjoy Disney movies, but not enough to subs… 
i've noticed this being brought up too &amp; like...some cgi movies have taken up to 5+ years to create, i… 
Netflix is about to get some serious competition 
Just for all the Marvel movies 
Movies and more movie weekend 
Rarest Elements in the Movies #7 #IYPT2019Why is nickel so rare in the movies?Nickel movie 1 of 2: Edison, the Ma… 
Dear George Lucas; Please purchase Star Wars back from Disney. They have ruined Star Wars and it needs someone who… 
Celebrating our 20 year friendiversary be like....#HighFive #videos #Anniversary #Celebration #funny #video #vine… 
I won't go to the movies with my husband often because he's the guy who tries to get every last bit of… 
So Disney plus is all the Marvel movies the Pixar movies the animated movies from Disney all the Star Wars movies a… 
Video game movies are mostly bad but 'Double Dragon' is a good time, says: 
People have launched entire YT channels just shitting on old movies and tv shows that came out before they were born. 
I don’t see why it would make sense to take place before Infinity War. But this… 
they were my intro to.And then i read the comics.And now i can't watch the movies because they're so off target. 
Netflix And Children...#DadLife#CallMeMaurice #Netflix #Chill #HormoneMonster #Motivation #SharkLife #Vibes… 
All i want is a boo thang to cuddle up and watch movies with. Is that too much to ask for? Lol 
There’s a few you could skip but there are callbacks to most of the movies. Here’s a pic of a sugge… 
I just converted 18 movies using D2D yesterday.  Do I qualify for the promo to get $5 credit? 
When decides to watch marvel movies and not invite me.... 
I’ve been to you one man show. I’ve seen all your #StarTrek movies and your other TV shows (includi… 
So full transparency I hate the del Toro movies. They crammed a lot of shit into this one, enough for a four hour… 
I love it; I watch it a couple of times a year.  It's one of my fave movies! 
Tbh, can't think of anyone more deserving than you. I'm actually hoping someone would make a biopi… 
love love loveeeee Hallmark movies 
The cast of Avengers: Endgame filmed five different endings to prevent anyone from knowing what happens.… 
Disney+ streaming service to launch in November and feature 8,000 movies | Science &amp; Tech News #twitter #instagram… 
I actually enjoyed seeing a couple of movies on Hallmark!  It's a shame that you can't see your WRONG! oh w… 
Hello I would like to watch Captain Marvel again because marvel movies give me hope and make me feel good and bingi… 
Disney Reveals New Avengers: Endgame Clip During Investor Day 
I went to see Shazan with a friend recently, but since I have the hardest time finding movies funny, I started to f… 
Disney+ to Launch in November, Priced at $6.99 Monthly. #disneyplus #disney #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics… 
Why did I object myself to the horror (jump scares mostly) movies on Netflix? I just watched three but I wanna see… 
Your forgetting BO's DUI, MADD Mom's didn't. ? Taking Mama to porn movies. Eating dirt. 
knew that name before 3rd grade! Cartoons, movies, that’s one of the major Greek names y… 
What can I say, I love Disney movies. 
Easily one of the worst movies I’ve ever seen 
Like i just wanna be able to watch all the new movies and stuff. And we got cable but i don’t watch tv tv like that .. 
Zefram Cochrane Invents Warp Drive | DATES IN MOVIES &amp; TV HISTORY via 
Now available Is It Wrong To Expect A Hot Spring In A Dungeon? #NewRelease #video 
Roadhouse is one of the most watchable movies ever 
He actually loves the movies and live music! (our kids are musicians) 
Wondering what Disney Plus will offer? Here’s a full #disneyplus #streaming #movies #tv 
As much as the bi-annual trips back and forth from Der Vaterland sucked,… 
Not feeling tonight's Brooklyn Nine-Nine. Getting sick of depictions of people not wanting children as a "flaw" ins… 
This just came in the mail! Now I have all 3 movies! 
1/3 Seeing the same cynical people recount and dismantle stupidly-made movies is ex… 
Quest before Averngers: Endgame comes out... Going to see if I can watch all the Marvel movies according to the MCU… 
No joke, the quick mention in the tweet thread about Disney Channel Original Movies being on the service sold me completely. 
Both movies I’ve watched so far this week starred and Brava o… 
WORLD NEWS revealed: Peter Bart: Woody Allen Struggles To Keep Making Movies Amidst Turmoil  
I've seen those Jason Bourne movies too. 
We have a winner! Do you agree "Remember The Titans" is the best sports 
Hellboy 2019 isn’t the worst movie of 2019, but it is the most “meh” movie of 2019. Got it’s good parts but it ain’… 
Amazon movies suck 
Now that announced Disney + Is there anything that you hope they have available that wasn’t announ… 
Even if Disney doesn't come through for you, the novel adaptations of the first two movies are available… 
I honestly don't care about spring fair this year. I rather go get boba at riverside, order some pizza and buying a… 
Thomas just pulled a crunchwrap out of his pocket at the movies who is this man?! 
I’d pay $10-$15 for the amount they’re offering, still cheaper than Netflix and already h… 
The Star Wars and Marvel movies were the biggest blockbusters on Netflix. Netflix is spending a ton on content, but… 
$DIS is playing for keeps with #DisneyPlus. Simpsons moving there, all the Pixar movies, Marvel movies (and a Loki… 
Us on our way to the movies to see  Never Say Never for the 9th time 
Disney Plus Unveils Exclusive Series, Movies, Launch Date &amp; More - 
Disney+ streaming service to launch in November and feature 8,000 movies | Science &amp; Tech News #newsongs #film… 
Game of throne - ss8#GOT #dragon #ss8 
(I generally enjoy the Marvel movies, but I could skip Endgame entirely and lose no sleep. I'm so ashamed.) 
I havent been able to find any good comedies lately.  Honestly I've just been watching good-bad movies for my dose of humor. 
someone binge watch movies and eat unsafe amounts of popcorn with me this weekend 
I like what I see from #DisneyPlus, but until I see some #XMen movies, shows, or cartoons, I'm holding onto my money. 
Lucasfilm Confirms Entire #StarWars Franchise Will Be On Disney Plus Within First Year - 
Interstellar timeline visualised #Movies #TV 
Bob Iger shows first image of the Disney+ streaming service #Movies #TV 
Lisa and Louise Burns posing outside "The Shining" wardrobe department right before filming their classic hallway s… 
Are we really watching them movies ??? 
Things I don’t get: Zombie movies, tv shows, anything related to zombies. 
uggghhhhhh of course. lord. they never stop never stopping, huh. I doubt the archives are going to be v… 
Watching these movies in order is scary 
Watched Rear Window for the umpteenth time last weekend.  Perfectly directed, written, &amp; paced movies are always a joy. 
These are the two that stand out to me as the biggest snubs. Still think… 
Yet, in all those movies, you know, like 007, Mission Impossible and the like, electronic surveillance was often ke… 
They could have used Cawley’s sets, but I think that would just be too retro for an audience that h… 
I'm watching Hellboy (2019) #trakt 
If I try to think of like "memorable experiences with audiences" in my life, nearly all of… 
I agree with you and btw somebody has been watching too many movies. 
Us (2019)Watch : #TheVictim #OperationLive #FalconHeavy #AutoGampang #NewAge… 
I want the fad of creating hyper-realistic animation in movies to die. It's limiting. It's boring. It's just the st… 
TBT... God did it then! He’ll do It again! Even greater!Be apart contribute today 
Looking at this list I realize a number of movies I've been "meaning to see," I've been meaning to… 
"A magnificent achievement." - Den of Geek US. Get tickets now to  #MakeItICONIC 
Sherlock Holmes 3 is headed to the Old West! 
They're creepy and they're kooky, and they're queer-inclusive! #AddamsFamily 
This is one of my guilty pleasure movies. An exceptional Yash Chopra movie made in Hollywood. 
I watched it last week! Loved how fun and wholesome it was! Hope to see more of your movies in the future!  
we're missing a LGBTQ+ show. When it going to happen? And the movies? Brazil Prime Video is so off of them.  
Okay Disney+ is kind of blowing my mind. The Simpsons, new shows, and a whole bunch of live action… 
How quickly will new movies be added (I.e. the time it will take to go from theaters to streaming)? 
I’ve adored Mr. King’s books since middle school. Movies since high school. Advocacy NOW!! 
TBT... Still available since #2013. Marveling at the hand of God! We haven't seen anything yet!Be apart contribut… 
so $6.99/mo is cheaper than I was expecting, but also I have a feeling they'll bump it to $9.99/mo in the next few… 
#Marvel Movies streaming currently: Netflix: Thor Ragnarok, Guardians 2, Black Panther, Ant-Man 2, Infinity War… 
This movie may replace my favorite of all time which happens to be Captain… 
Pet Cemetery w/ Lindsay and friends. (at for Pet Sematary in Saint Louis, MO) 
Also here is a new trailer of the same last 16 movies but everyone gets misty and I’m so sad now that the… 
DCOM = Disney Channel Original Movies. Back in the 2000s decade, Disney Channel was at it's… 
Why not just stop supporting Hollywood for putting out shitty movies once and for all? You do know you can… 
Had awesome times watching Traileramas, Birthday movies, and so much more. I chose TMNT as my first birthday movie… 
Come on, 
God this takes me back to the days where disney made those shitty CGI animal movies in the early 2000s...but more bland 
It came out great you should do more reflections on games and movies 
Disney Plus better have MAD old shit on it. Ain't no one with a credit card caring about that new BS you're spoutin… 
Damnit I’m gonna miss the Tivoli. Worked here in college. Worked with my wife here. Got to run a projector, eat pop… 
I personally love it when women do it to me.  They always remind me that sister hood of… 
JOKING. Love both movies under Hamada, and know there’s going to be a lot of tonal variety going forward. I hope to… 
It's up to you but I will definitely buy it if you like to rewatch good movies. 
Haha thanks!!! This is why I’ve only watched about 3 movies in the last 4 years lol.  
Hawkeye series, Loki series, all the Marvel movies, including Captain Marvel. Disney, you're trying to get my money… 
Is it possible that I don't see enough movies and that's why Tivoli has closed? 
It's like a man got the woman of the year award (Jenner) and literally all male oriented movies are p… 
Ugh. Trying to watch movies with kids.. or write with kids.. or clean with kids.. basically how do Moms get stuff done??? 
But really, where would be the entertainment be if not for these bozos? Nothing can compare to politics.… 
Along with it really makes me wish we had the film incentive to make shows and movies about Missouri… 
I have a hunch that one day the content providers and distributors will make the movies &amp; show… 
the three movies were Less Than Zero, The Rules of Attraction, American Psycho. AP wa… 
#CountdownToEndgame And here it is... My least favorite of the MCU movies. We have forlorn Thor, missing his earth… 
Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a month  
I'm watching Ant-Man (2015)#InfinitySagaMarathon (12/22) #trakt 
Disney+ will launch in November for $6.99 per month. Here are 5 things to know. -   Disney’s Netflix competitor l… 
i guess they've never seentitanicgone with the windwolf of wall streetor any of the LOTR movies lol 
$7 is a good price, not too expensive, not too cheap. However i do worry of a future where mov… 
My top 10 Chicano movies ranked. What is your favorite?1. Mi Familia 2. Blood In Blood Out3. Boulevard Nights4… 
There's no way of knowing without trying! If it floats your boat it could be nice, just lower your expect… 
Book review on Flying Paperbacks ""I think the thing I found really interesting was how Lee expanded on the psychol… 
ad. free. can download movies for offline use. am i getting this? yes. yes is the final answer 
Has anyone noticed the similarity between movies and movies hmmm someone is obsessed we… 
-no one that likes good movies 
I’ve seen enough superheroes movies to believe otherwise  
Is that where I can watch all my Marvel Movies? 
even if shazam did well with critics its not going to stop me from thinking disney pays off journalists in some for… 
Disney... stop with all these spinoff Marvel television series. Can't the movies just be enough?? 
What’s hilarious about Disney+ is that if they only put old cartoons and movies on it, I would have gladly forked o… 
Shark sizes in the Jaws movies and novels. Third movie's shark was so big for seemingly no reason, as her size didn… 
New Makato Shinkai movie! (Your Name creator) Too many amazing movies this year already! 
Yes!!! They play like movies in my head until I can get them out and they drive me c… 
They better add Disney shows from the 
This one is a promo card, exclusive to the movies. 
If horror movies/violence/gore keep me up at night, am I ok to see Us? I love everything… 
Disney+ is going to be the death of me because I’ll just be using it to marathon the marvel movies once week. 
Yeah, they have a big market for horror movies in S. Korea. 
I can’t wait to get our house so I can host girl nights with facials, wine and movies  
I Wanna Go To The Movies Just For The Popcorn &amp; A Slushy 
SUNDAY 14 APRIL, let’s go to HOTA CINEMA and meet us there to watch the two movies of the ALLIANCE FRANÇAISE FRENC… 
I'd like to think I've seen enough horror and thriller movies to know when I'm being hunted by other people. These… 
No need to do a whole marathon before Avengers: Endgame. 
Will the movies be available in multiple languages? Please tell me it is so!!! 
Hey dumbasses who think sharing a tweet will get you all the Marvel movies on Netflix. Suck my fucking dick. 
In which of these movies does Hercules kill his wife and kids living in Thebes? #driveinmob 
Never seen it. I'll add it to my list of "sleep aid" movies 
It’s weird that Warner puts both DTS-HD or Atmos on their 4K movies. I know not eve… 
The funniest part of this is where it says, “cats are trained”...BWA HA HA!!! This is how cats are trained for T… 
Not in theaters, but Paddleton is the best movie of the year. and Ray Ramano dese… 
imagine what this world will be... all the sci-fi fi you ever saw in movies.. 
I had my issues with your film (Luke) .. but Im looking forward to seeing your creative liberty with your own SW movies. 
Wife: “Is there a rule that any bald guy in these movies is going to be a bad guy?”I don’t have a handy counter-example. 
You can also rent/buy movies on Amazon but not Netflix.  I enjoy some of the Netflix content, but given… 
So there’s a side-character in this movie named Kurt, which is kind of exciting for me because I never hear my name… 
Disneys streaming shows got the people from the marvel movies in it??? 
Googling all Matt Damon movies 
Can someone who’s actually seen all the marvel movies go see Endgame with me so we can cry together 
The older I get,and more I rewatch my favourite childhood movies about destroying people or things, the more I get… 
Finished watching season 2 of . Wow what a great show. I cant even think of it as a parody anymore. It h… 
Yooo I’m dying for some good post-apocalyptic movies or shows that aren’t Zombie/Weather related. 
Why is disney+ releasing in nov? It takes that long to upload movies u own? 
My favorite INDIAN Robo, 2.0 Movies directed by Shankar 
Captain Marvel Will Be Taking Flight on Day One of Disney+ 
Me, willingly gives Disney+ that $6.99/month just so I can watch Marvel movies 
Disney+ Rolls Out On November 12 For $6.99 A Month via Digg 
I feel like most action movies are inherently stupid. But that doesn't mean they can't be goo… 
I really like having movies on my phone like a lot. Yesterday one of my coworkers asked if I had the Harry Potter C… 
Mark Hamill Will Voice Chucky in the Child’s Play Remake! - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
No thanks. I saw what they did to the Star Wars movies. 
Aquaman just...keeps getting worse. Does it ever get better? makes terrible movies. 
Honestly, if ALL they had were their own animated movies, I'd have gotten it. With original series, a… 
I like that Peggy Carter gets cameos in all these movies. She seems to have been highly motivated, like her boyfrie… 
Watching Creed 2 for probably the 20th time. In the history of Rocky movies, it’s definitely near the top for me 
I got triple feature love movies brand new for $1 at Goodwill! 
PSA: fellows please listen, and any some of you ladies. ...#movies #skits #memes #hollywood… 
Holy crap I had totally forgotten about some movies having two VHS tapes.  
If the Muppets Twitter page retweeted this, does this mean that all five seasons of The Muppet… 
The Verge: Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a 
#Movie "Dead Meat" (2005) 
Here's what I want to know about #DisneyPlus: will it have SPANISH audio for its many movies?!  
AFAHDJ, I’ve never really kept up with his movies! What movie is this, I wanna watch it  
It’s honestly like a game of madlibs sometimes reading these tweets shitting on trailers for m… 
I really enjoyed it. Probably the best film of all the Marvel movies. Very strong, positive strong pr… 
Disney+ Details on Star Wars, Marvel, High School Musical, Classic Movies, and More… 
I LOVE THOSE MOVIES 
Romance movies make me hate myself LOL 
fun fact: first time i saw this movie was on tv and they cut to commercial and it was fading to black RIGHT as he g… 
im watching #jennifersbody on 123 movies 
Nope. Not yet..The movies better deliver. We deserve to know about the letter "A". 
#Stream popular movies and TV shows wherever, whenever. Binge-on with It's binge time:… 
For me, it was the movies 
One of the handsomest guys in the movies.  Too bad he could act his way out of a wet paper sack!  #TCMFF 
Yes one of the best movies ever! 
Jeanine Pirro Makes Return to Fox News Channel After Two-Week Absence - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
&lt; water everywhere. She stood and grabbed the towel and wrapped it around her. "But for now, junk… 
Disney Plus Unveils Exclusive Series, Movies, Launch Date &amp; More 
In case you missed it this summer. 
They are releasing 100 Disney original movies at launch from what read. 
Xbox, PlayStation, and Switch better allow us to download movies to the consoles. 
Disney Plus Unveils Exclusive Series, Movies, Launch Date &amp; More Disney Plus unveils excl… 
I was really disappointed. It's been done far better in similar movies. 
Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a month - The Verge 
It doesn't look like all the new Disney movies will be leaving Netflix on the #DisneyPlus launch date 
I have a strong feeling if I saw A Matter of Life and Death it'd probably end up as one of my favorite movies ever.… 
A ton of Disney+ information just dropped. Looking at Nov 12th launch and a surprisingly reasonable $7/month.What… 
Yeah, but history is so boooooooring!!!    Much more exciting to watch Mel Gibson movies, Hannity,… 
Yeah I’d assume so but need to hear it officially. Dolby vision and atmos are standards fo… 
Oh no the Enterprise it’s so JJ with touches of original 60s accents. A bit more then the JJ movies try. Still this… 
Saving Private Ryan one of my favorite movies. 
I’m sorry I live in reality where we don’t confuse fictional movies with… 
Checking out Hellboy tonight! Going in with low expectations but hoping for the best! Not to mention, the art and p… 
people acting like they’re gonna drop netflix to instead pay 7 dollars a month to only watch the simpsons, superher… 
All QT movies* 
I'd like Disney to start releasing animated versions of their live-action movies.Start with the Moon-Spinners. 
Given how jelously Marvel keep their creative info for themselves, even to the point of ly… 
and that sucks because the movies I miss the most are the ones that are 60 bucks on eBay. I hate the Mickopoly, but… 
I know that 6.99/month or 70/year thing is probably not going to stick forever because you know, it's Disney, but i… 
Also the entirety of the Disney (I'm assuming) animated vault as well?! I also really hope they'll eventually add a… 
Sounds exciting but I also wonder: will Disney put all five seasons of The Muppet Show and all the Mupp… 
Watching #Tremors5 again. Why? The 2-year old loves #BurtGummer She can act out all 6 movies &amp; she must be obeyed.… 
Hercules laying on the couch binge watching old movies. Mythology has never been more relatable.   #driveinmob 
why can't i just have $1000 to buy all the movies 
Would the Die Hard movies eventually be added to this? Would there be a Fox section for them and other movies? 
I've read that Star Wars movies won't be present at launch. Details? 
Disney Hopes Wall Street Bets on New Global Streaming Service -                     Walt Disney Co. on Thursday un… 
Deadass switching to Disney Plus when it drops. Marvel movies and other LOKI TV SERIES 
y’all joe has a life, band, he likes a bar. kevin has a life, daughters, wife.  nick has a life, wife, movies, proj… 
is one of the best movies, and everyone should watch it. It shows that bullying is UNCALLED for. The da… 
Those woods belong to something else. See #PetSematary now playing! #SignInAndSave through #EXTRAS for tickets &amp; mo… 
Do you like marvel movies or dc super heroes? if yes what your favorites? 
This shit is so dumb, there's like a 100 movies on why we should not do shit like this 
One of my all time fave movies! 
If you need me– I'll be watching Disney movies and eating /more/ frosting, without you. You know– since I'm grounde… 
Watching the Left Behind series  movies. 
Attention fellow millennials:Disney's new streaming service will have ONE HUNDRED Disney Channel Original Movies 
#Whichwasworst:  if you could only watch one of these movies for the rest of your life, which one would you choose? 
BvS is NOT good, I don’t care. It’s up there with the last couple Transformers movies (not Bumblebee)… 
Have y’all not seen I,Robot? Age of Ultron? Any of the terminator movies?? 
Watching movies 
Disney’s new Netflix-killer will have a ton of movies and TV shows for $7 a month #techgeek 
Picked up the HBO streaming service for the return of #GoTThe Mighty Ducks movies being on there was a pleasant surprise. 
AT THE MOVIES 
Alex has never seen any of the Jurassic park movies and is geeking so hard, it’s so wholesome to watch 
VIDEOS AND MOVIES;Netflix [in app purchases for best experience]YoutubeHulu [in app purchases for best exp… 
WITH FRIENDS;AmpMe (play songs at the same time)Airtime (play movies / youtube at the same time)Omegle &amp; M… 
Doesn’t matter how many terminator movies/black mirror metalhed themed episodes we get, people still out here makin… 
Or you could just buy the movies and not pay for Disney+ 
Nightmares are just the best free horror movies that you produce, direct and star in. 
Watching Ghostwatch on one last time. Seeing tons of movies that borrowed from Ghostwatch before I finally… 
6.99$ for monthly  I’m so hyped I can’t wait to watch all my favorite Disney Movies  
Bollywood movies often use them and even make the films in a way that serves them, so you… 
Yes, Siskel WAS a snob, while I got the feeling that Ebert just loved entertaining movies of all kinds. 
Disney+ Movies: A List of Everything Announced (and Rumored) For Disney’s Streaming Service #uncategorized #feedly 
Not being specific, but I haven't been to a movie in a theater in probably 20 years, and barely ever… 
No such thing as Star Wars fatigue. However there are shit movies like TLJ 
Maybe they’ll show movies on your five head in prison 
Disney Reveals New #AvengersEndgame Clip During Investor Day - 
i love watching old movies like legally blonde and legally blonde 2 on days like today 
I absolutely LOVE that series of movies..... 
So icheck movies? 
parents should have to pay so much more to bring their kids to movies 
Criterion Channel Is an Oasis Amid a Sea of Streaming-Service Sameness - The Ringer 
Disney+ to launch in November with 400 movies and 7,500 TV episodes 
I’d be sold if Disney channel movies were on there 
So is it all covered under the plan for the first few months or year then I will have to buy movies and sho… 
April is the last month to elect a payment plan for summer camp and we only have 20 spots available for both age gr… 
I love the futuristic movies.. sometimes there 're way off.. we're living on Mars according to the movies- right!! 
Warner doesn't have marvel, star wars, Pixar or all new fox content, I mean… 
A league of their own, bull durham, the natural, rookie of the year. I think this poll sho… 
Rowling opens up on their intense relationship. 
I probably won't see the movie, since I don't go to the movies by myself, but - re… 
What are you doing to me??? Don’t you know I’m not good with scary movies?? 
If I learned 1 thing from a childhood filled with TV movies is that there’s nothing in the rule book that says a ro… 
big agree though that there should be more casual and accessible Muppets stuff outside the movies 
If it includes all Marvel movies then yes 
Tokyo Ghoul Live-Action Sequel Reveals First Poster. #tokyoghoul #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics… 
Idk man.. new MCU content that’s actually relevant. Star Wars. Exclusive Disney shows, mov… 
Now I get to watch the last two Harry Potter movies. I can’t wait. 
OK, but what about the classics?Will Disney be opening the illusive vault &amp; make the original animated movies avai… 
So movies cant get Jekyll and Hyde right.. pulled off that dynamic with her character and mayhem in one episode 
New pjs, bras, and camis, as well as 2 movies. Not too bad today. 
Gosh I love Disney. But I don’t think I could ever love Disney THIS much! That’s four movies a year! (At least) I’m… 
Wow, i may give it a look. So many movies out at theaters now. Marvel and what no… 
man i do love movies about oppressed groups in socyeiter 
IT IS!!!!!! 
Chris Rock Pokes Fun at Jussie Smollett at NAACP Image Awards: 'You Ain't Gettin' No Respect From Me' — Watch -… 
didnt Sargon unironically tell you that Disney was dying because of all the SJW stuff in their movies?  
A Lady and the Tramp reboot?!?!I’m going to DISAPPEAR when this launches!!!! 
No. You don't get to blame music, video games, violent movies, etc. when you commit a crime. It's a bullshit cop out. 
So I’ve decided to rewatch all the movies before we see endgame so I’ll have to revisit this and see where I stand  
Business Insider said this in February of last year "Today, the number of TV shows has nearly tripled… 
I worked at a theater too during college. Like '99-2001. Saw so many bad movies for free… 
No R rated content though, R rated movies will be on Hulu 
Godzilla (1998) is kind of ridiculous but damn did they give that movie 110% #Movies #TV 
Official Discussion: The Man Who Killed Don Quixote [SPOILERS] #Movies #TV 
Not to mention the dinner time split table gag. Amazing range of techniques. It was a shame it was al… 
Disney+ is going to be $6.99 a month and $70 a year, that’s a steal of the century! With the amount of content that… 
Those are in fact, movies that came out in 2019 
Of course Owen likes watching World War II movies I fucking hate him #GreysAnatomy 
Anyone else excited about #AHS1984 ?  This season will be inspired by slasher movies golden years, the 1980's 
The opening scene of Saving Private Ryan (Normandy) is one of the most sobering, maddening, and one of the saddest… 
I saw that that’s not too bad of a wait...I wonder if their movies will go straight to that Disney… 
My dad introduced me to the movies and it just made a lasting impression, then I got news of the new TV show and ei… 
One of your best movies ever! 
Make movie about Doctor Fate. #DC facam um filme do Doutor desti… 
I don’t even hear about half these movies that come out.  
With tomorrow’s BEC being best David Harbour Movies, everyone has to be wondering.....how far is Suicide Squad going to climb on the list? 
Yeah. The guns are always the problem. Its a great debate. I'm still waiting for my… 
I'm glad video-games realized that the more "realistic" something looks doesn't mean its better. They can actually… 
Abortion may currently be legal, but it’s neither safe nor rare. I believe my generation will end it, and movies li… 
You know we'll almost be surely signing up... Disney+ rolls out on November 12th for $6.99 a month  via 
I’ve listened to you guys from ep 1 and despite not always agreeing wit… 
Maddow realizes the Hallmark Channel airs Christmas movies in July, right??? Ummm I mean, yea.... I… 
Is that movies that can be unmade? 
Will all of the classic Disney movies (Snow White, Cinderella, and countless others..) be… 
#Movie "Toy Story That Time Forgot" (2014) 
What are you denying? Every Disney movie, show and tons of new original movies and shows for it for 7 bucks. 
His knowledge of who pulled t… 
One of my favorite things to do with horror movies - especially zombie movies - is laugh at all the bad choices the… 
Yes I like being right, this post has me wondering what new movies are coming out (apparently my friend… 
Disney+ will have all the Marvel Movies, Star Wars movies, Disney Movies, and the original programing... Lines up… 
Your dad is terrified of birds.  I am not shocked by his taste in movies 
If you mean like the crappy Nick Cage movies then, yes. 
All movies are unrealistic 
Some don't show up and those who turn up keep watching movies and videos during the session!!! 
We got a new clock and it makes noise every hour and it plays those creepy songs like in the horror movies ... send help 
Its Disney's streaming service which will have all the marvel movies and starting new series 
Indy 5 will be it for Harrison! 
What's the best movie coming to Netflix in April? 
has appeared as Madea for nearly 20 years! See his final onstage performances at Madea's Farewell Play… 
Why are there still so many good books that haven't been made into movies... yet? 
Never seen a single episode Game of Thrones, House of Cards, The Office, This is US Harry Potter movies or any of t… 
The 2004 one is one of my favorite movies. 'Ere's hoping the Cockney version is great too. 'Ello, Guvnah.… 
My partner tolerates a lot of movies she doesn’t like because she loves me so this weekend while she is gone I’m go… 
Henry only talks about socialism and movies 
I’m going to spend this weekend on writing my top ten list of movies, bands, songs, etc. 
Nightmares are just free horror movies that you produce, direct and star in. #funny #goofy 
l am currently at the movies alone, seeing a movie probably geared at 13 yr old girls. yeah l am embarrassed. no l have no regrets. 
My problem with these live action Disney remakes is that I have no idea what Disney thinks they can show me in live… 
Ha!  One of my favorite characters and movies!  I cry every time I watch it! 
For real, don't measure yourself by standards you'll never live up to, like value and… 
That is true, but I just mean they wont effect the overarching stories of the films, but interesting s… 
Just spent 5 hours learning songs now going home to watch Christmas movies with becau… 
That's a hell of a name but I am really interested to see how they handle this. I have a playlist of all 3 original… 
They own Indy, but Paramount still owns the distribution rights to the movies. I'm sure… 
I sure hope some of these shows and Original Movies are from the late 90's-Early 2000's. Those were my favorites... 
As long as you don't look like the creepy guy in the mov… 
My dad is watching the Hallmark Movies &amp; Mystery channel and I don’t know what to think. 
Y’all..#TheAct is one of them movies that makes you go #wtf and these types of people exist in the world?!  
Id recommend you try iPTV getting a firestick or Nvidia Shield. I live my shield and have 2 s… 
Looking to #MakeMoney? Then #Checkout These #Best-Rated #MakeMoneyOnline 
Hate shark movies. 
CBMs draw from the comics not the movies, small typo 
But my question is: it's as bad as they say? I've seen that director's movies and I think he have not done anything wrong yet. 
Love it. According to facts and different movies of other cultures many women do because they have to… 
in all the movies, she was never called scarlet witch....strange 
Am I really trying? Really I… 
First off I stay at the movies so what’s the purpose of this status  
they put ALL 3 of the spy kids movies on netflix. nobody talk to me for the next 8 hours 
Cooped up in the house watching movies all day. I'm on a break. 
I need y’all to understand that if I want to take my son to a Disney movie you saying “don’t bring your kids, this… 
these zombie movies be scaring me. i should always have gas in my car. fuck this shit 
TV shows, movies, books... uhh...Writing and doodling the first thought that comes to your head, could help to be inspired? xD 
Still think it's very unfortunate that "Gigli" ended Martin Brest's career. The guy made some terrific movies. 
I actually see the relationship between CBMs and comic books as a parasitic one, CBMs dra… 
Either Ancillary Justice by or The Fifth Season by Both would make fantasti… 
I have seen the BTS of Donnie Brasco .... I find the BTS as interesting as the movi… 
I've enjoyed his "preformances" in movies, where everything he said &amp; how he… 
A new streaming service with Disney/Marvel/Pixar movies and TV shows (kinda like Netflix) 
'Unplanned' filmmakers on Twitter banning the movie's account: 'They identified us with a conservative 
"Illumination Presents: Dr. Seuss' Th.." and 1 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more -… 
Those movies were good but they never had the economic success that the studio expected. 
50 Best Sci-Fi TV Shows of All Time - Greatest Sci Fi Series Ever Made 
These live action Disney movies got me like  #DisneyPlus 
It's in my top five scifi movies all time. 
If you've seen any of the Guardians of the Galaxy movies though, they do have a talking raccoon, and he doe… 
I kind of feel like this is either going to fail or become a streaming service exclusivel… 
Christopher Nolan's Latest Movie Is 'The Length Of Three Movies,' Says Robert Pattinson #ChristopherNolan… 
Completely agree. They were doing so well up until recently. I'd argue that as much as I… 
My favorite horse movies/stories are International Velvet, The White Stallions, Ho… 
We are live on #twitch kings and queens, come thru and let's talk movies, games, my wife taking the kids, and more… 
I hope since Disney bought Fox they get to release the original not edited Star War Movies. That would be amazing #DisneyPlus 
Yey I couldn't sleep after I watched that, kept on feeling like there was someone in the room that time I… 
Why? No need for it. PLENTY of movies that do that. 
Love superhero movies. No interest in that. Lol. But I heard it’s good and I love Tom hardy 
This weekend is one of those Minnesota weekends with an ENORMOUS amount of activity to choose from! Block parties,… 
If you're going to Chicago this summer, bring some popcorn. A list for movies being shown in the renowned Millenniu… 
On the one hand Disney's ever growing monopoly is awful and I hate the idea of another streaming service but also h… 
she's sexy as hell 
Is throwing stones on the roof or window cute ? Like in the movies ?  Banyana ba Kwano bone bao reme ke selepe tle o etse yalo  
I'm gonna have to see it, DC movies have been a let down. 
honestly go in blind, if you know too much about it you may get disappointed, none of the movies to… 
A friend advised me that whenever this happens, you are required by the defense attorney rules to leave… 
So if I only paid for Netflix for the Marvel shows/movies and now they don’t have them anymore....guess we are getting Disney+  
I think I might as well.  Feige has said the Marvel series will play into future Avengers movies. 
I told you yesterday to bring me guce guys when we go to the movies 
Not the first time I hear this and it's growing on me. Making commercials of comic stores… 
Goes for all works of art, including movies and photographs. 
Kinda want shots, kinda wanna go to the movies, kinda annoyed. Being a girl is too much bruhhh 
It will be written for adults, which is always a nice c… 
I'm rereading American Gods. I first read this book in 2003 or 04, and it instantly became one of my favorites. Any… 
Got a really lovely evaluation of our script: “Big Red” which said: “If it gets made, it'll go down in… 
Kap is a joke, talk about equality while wearing a Castro/Che shirt. Beyonce is music for tweenies and… 
Can i just so Warhammer 40K lore is so so under used it's not even funny.  Hell why isn't there any m… 
The whole “dad tells off his boss to spend time with his family” thing in Christmas movies kinda died 
Luffy watching some nostalgic movies be like... 
Every Movie in the DC Extended Universe, Ranked  
I do this all the time. I also have heaps of DVD movies but only watch a particular film from the co… 
I like Legos (too expensive), but I typically don’t care for Lego movies or video games. #TrueStory 
Television and movies were great in those days! 
I’m afraid that the trend of turning movies into tv series (Snatch, Get Shorty) will lead to a very un-self aware W… 
Jimmy Smits, Leslie Grace &amp; Melissa Barrera join Anthony Ramos &amp; Corey Hawkins in #film adaptation of Lin-Manuel Mi… 
TONIGHT!The Film Festival (April 11-14) turns 10 with a 30th anniversary salute to When Harry Met Sally. Star… 
Kinda neat how Disney was able to work out a deal with TNT/TBS to get all the Star Wars movies on #DisneyPlus day o… 
Day 7 of 21 - Avengers.  The GOAT of Marvel movies.  This is the one that redefined what was possible. 
Greatt.. like I'm excited for new content and more character development but now I need a streamin… 
most of the famous movies that she appears so far.. I like her on panic room btw. But it seems like she alw… 
I don’t like shark movies  
It’s definitely one of my favorite movies ever. The cast is amazing and loved the story. But, if your going to talk… 
Disney+ will include all of these #StarWars movies on launch day. (Still waiting on my box set) 
First look at Disney+ aaaand...it looks like just about every other streaming service's UI. The difference is conte… 
Yeah that’s trueI’m trying to remember what other movies he’s been in 
I can relate to what you're feeling right now I'm sad either way even when I'm watching romantic movies. 
That explains why Avengers: Endgame’s budget (akin to Avengers: Infinity War’… 
It's so frustrating because the Twilight soundtracks are *SO GOOD* and they make me want to watch the movies but th… 
And does EVERY Disney movie include Touchstone, Hollywood Pictures and now Fox movies? 
A look at the Marvel movies that will be available in year one on Disney+ 
added so many incredible movies! To binge them all alone or save them for movie night with Stream, that is… 
The massive mural showcases all of the movies and shows from Star Wars canon. 
Whoa! No Spider-Man movies on Disney Plus steaming. I wonder if that's because Sony still has the rights. HMMMM 
I'm watching Interstellar (2014) #trakt 
Lets watch old movies and play guess who’s still alive 
Annabelle Comes Home Trailer Unlocks The Warren’s Closet of Horror - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
All the Disney vault movies that are currently out. So like The Lion King, Little Mermaid, Be… 
Pretty Woman n My Best Friends Wedding are by far my favourite movies 
I 100% understand why they cut the live stream before they show clips from upcoming movies but it just hurts every… 
2/ had to shop for groceries, make/adhere to a budget, pay household bills, prepare… 
A wonderful and complete guide for the movie, I loved it. Now I want the books of the other movies.#CaptainMarvel… 
movies da weyes blood passou dos 4 no RYM. amoooooooooooooooooooo 
I just wanna watch movies and cuddle 
Totally agree with this. I keep waiting for it. Tarantino movies in general do not age super-well for me but Kill B… 
I loathe that superhero movies get lumped in with sci-fi 
Chicago listeners! Go meet the ReelBlend peeps and talk all things movies/puns. 
We Obsess Over Movies | Ep.04 | T2 via 
I like movies that tell a story and don’t need tons of animation to do it. One of my favorite movies… 
Show some love for grips!! What Is a Grip? The Few Women Doing the Job in Hollywood Explain 
recommend movies and series for me. 
(There are some games and CG movies that do, but it seems more the exception than the rule) 
My attention span is short because I watched too many bootleg movies when I was young. Lord knows how I watched a v… 
Brie Larson Doesn't Know Why #CaptainMarvel Hitting $1 Billion Was So Hard To Comprehend - 
The strength of traditionally drawn or animated mediums (e.g. Disney handdrawn movies, comi… 
save the last dance used to be one of my favorite movies. 
tbh he kind of looks like the ugly girl in movies that turn out to be beautiful once the glasses are removed and some makeup is applied 
The Pixar theatrical shorts on Disney + excite me more than the movies #DisneyPlus 
I like Moon but Warcraft was awesomely awesome. I watch it every time it’s on and I saw at the movies. 
Not to mention for some it's just kind of hard to  compute reading &amp; hearing at the same time.  Unless t… 
(Race Riley) Entertainment News:“I wanted to make them distinct from superheroes, aliens, and mythological creatu… 
Why I refuse to ever spend a penny on their movies. 
Martha Well's The Fall of Il Rien series needs to be turned into movies. I don't care if its theatri… 
hey my dude I know I don’t know you but times get rough and they swallow us, but just like the movi… 
....actually I kinda really like this as an organizing tool for TV versus movies and potential crossovers. 
Comic book movies have been the top money-earners for the better part of a decade, yet comic book sales continue to… 
So begins another year  #kcfilmfestinternational #filmnerd #13movies #movies #kcff 
one of the best movies of all time no doubt 
Just to put this baby to rest:All of my favorite movies of all time are as follows:DeadpoolDeadpool 2Once Upo… 
From what i was told one time. Theaters hae to pay a fee to show a movie.  Like a license.   You pay  to… 
im conservative as hell!  now thats weird eh?  lovecraft was conservative and a tad xenophobic, a perso… 
English Full Movie Full HD | A Demon Haunt | English Horror Movies Full Length 
Then he asked an altar boy if he like gladiator movies. 
What SpaceX is doing is just bonkers. We’re seeing things we’d see in movies, but it’s real life 
actually this makes me think the reverse, where these two would be more likely to stay in the movies if Cap died. 
 looks like you've been bust, 2 movies in a month!!!! Thank you! 
I might be seeing things... but did anyone else see A New Hope on there in the movies section? 
My clit is super sensitive please lick it out hard: #movies My clit is super sensitive please lick it out hard - Ic… 
Curtain Call ||| Today is the last day of operation for my favorite theater in Kansas City. Showing art house and f… 
Today I watched “A Quiet Place”, “Pet Sematary” and now “Pet Sematary II”... the weather is scary outside so might… 
Olivia Wilde's Directorial Debut Hailed as a 'Masterpiece' — Watch Trailer for Booksmart - 
Make sure you get your fill of laughs on pt 1, of the "uber Chronicles" pt 2, is coming soon! .… 
lady and the tramp live action is a disney+ only thingi really really REALLY hope all the live action movies from… 
8TH one down in chronological order. #avengers #endgame #blurays #movie #film… 
the theory I've developed is that those were two bad years for movies in general 
Many of the made for Netflix movies are shockingly bad. Bad writing, bad acting, bad production. 
I still have VCR movies lol. 
Julia’s the Tina Weymouth of women who’ve been in movies with Richard Gere. 
This scene, plus that, uh, quivery ? sex scene makes this one of the most memorable movies of my youth. 
All Mission: Impossible Movies RANKED! | LRM Ranks It #LRMRanksIt #LRMRanksItPodcast #Mission:Impossible… 
'Unplanned' filmmakers on Twitter banning the movie's account: 'They identified us with a conservative issue'… 
I’m on a turning point. Watch me get in the best shape of my life. Watch me complete an ironman, what me make music… 
WHOA! Disney Plus can let you download movies. that will hurt Netflix bulliet point. 
Charlie’s Angels 2019: See Kristen Stewart in Elizabeth Banks’ remake |… 
someone come over n hangout w me tonight aka let’s stay in and watch movies n shit 
My excuse for video game movies like Super Mario Bros., Doom, &amp; Resident Evil: They’re just an alternate… 
Holy shit! Move the trailers to the intermission w… 
Boy with the kids and I are going to the movies?..... I don't even know. 
I never heard that. American Graffiti is still one of my favorite movies of all ti… 
Music is mylife..... no music no life no happiness I’m an avid music listene… 
okay, but they need to make better horror movies then cookie cutter Slender Man slop. 
lol... I'm just gonna slide right past that. the website where you can party watch movies. 
#Shazam, I think is the magic word you need to yell right before your money disappears.  I think we sa… 
I mean you are the parent. Its pretty cheap to take the kids to the movies ove… 
no I am not going on a date Rachel.  I am just going to the movies with  2 of my fri… 
Now that I think about it, I bet you could write a novel as a rewrite of those thr… 
They've done it twice with two films back to back so the track record here isn't exactly favorable. They'r… 
Don't be so sure. Sony hasn't been able to replace J. Jonah Jameson yet. They'll probably follow Sony's… 
im saying its easy to criticize its harder to do that's all, I personally dont feel comfortable critici… 
I want a let’s go to the movies on off days buddy this summer 
New look at the new 'Charlie's Angels' directed by Elizabeth Banks #Movies #TV 
HEY IN LIGHT OF RACIAL CONTROVERSEYS SURROUNDING YOUR STATEMENTS ABOUT YOUR MOVIES, THIS IS WHERE THEY… 
Yes! Out Clinton Hwy area. He refers to Knoxville or East Tennessee in all his movies. 
Chris Rock Calls Out Jussie Smollett: ‘What the hell was he thinking?’ - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Even an idea like "failed reboots" would be interesting even if the movies were boring or bad. 
Who needs any other movies when we already have the absolute best? We have our lovely UGUE Brothers and the Holy… 
Check out One Hour Photo DVD  #Movies #AcademyAwards #Oscars  
SO EXCITED for #MissingLink at the movies now! Who can I talk to about getting a movie poster??? ;) 
For me, the problem has nothing to do with reylo, it’s him bashing ST whenever he’s got a chanc… 
Dear I  U, but let's make the next phase like, 6 or 7 movies long. 8 tops. Please and thank you 
I feel the same. I’m much more excited for Frozen 2 than for live action remakes of movies we’ve a… 
Disney+ Streaming Service Will Be Ad Free 
Okay Region 1 does exist ....It's more expensive, but if you watch… 
Noo now I am too!! (But it’s where a lot of movies have ended up and every major Indian language seri… 
#Movie "Dora's Christmas Carol Adventure" (2009) 
There are plenty of bad movies which are motivated by love for money rather than love for the craft, love for the audience, etc. 
ive never seen any of his movies and have no desire to 
Also I see from your page you've paid for jerseys/tickets. Past or present. It's all choices.… 
Charlie's Angels first look: See Kristen Stewart, Naomi Scott, and Ella Balinska in Elizabeth Banks' update (Shirle… 
Cobra Kai never dies! This is the right way to begin something new respecting the essence from the originals movies… 
live-action Disney movies are the "direct-to-video Disney sequels" of the 2010s 
This technology will make you take your headphones to the movies 
all these movies coming out on my birthday, who taking me to go see one? 
Hello! I'm Talon, currently residing in Colorado. I write #LesFic #Romance and hope to explore my… 
I'm not forcing people to watch ridiculously long movies and I want them to have a good time. 
This is good and I hope that it’s for a price that is $15 a month or less and that it gives the option for people w… 
Check out Deadpool #111 Funko Pop Marvel Movies Bobblehead Figure Gamestop Exclusive #Funko 
I couldn’t imagine it either but each film just continues to do well and continue story l… 
#Looking star might be headed to the Marvel Cinematic Universe!  
Movies with campfire scenes always seem to forget to make the smoke annoyingly blow into the characters' faces no matter where they move 
I wanna get drunk and watch scary movies #itsavibe 
Anna Kendrick Forgot She Was in 'Twilight' - 
Sound design is one of my favorite things in horror movies 
Everyone is entitled to what manner of movie they desire to see, some subscribe to seeing no movies at all; Everyon… 
Hate movies like that. 
One of my favorite movies EVER. Don’t ask me why but I love it so.  
End of an ERA??? 
Also ....one of the few movies (along with The Martian) Sean Bean didn’t die in 
Honestly, I think a big point of The Last Jedi was to get away from stuff like midichlorians, forc… 
I just looked over the list.... There are some movies on there that I actually liked. 
"Green Book" is now #833 out of 2068 movies on my Flickchart! via 
Movies are good sometimes. 
Where are the lesbians movies that actually show sex scenes . 
No… 
Bill Murray Shares His Best Drinking Stories: "What Is It About Alcohol?" 
Five more underrated moviesWillowMoonSleeping Beauty (Yes, Disney, 1959)Dead AgainSigns 
If I had to pay to have sex with someone, I would just order takeaway and w… 
Preparation for exams is sucking up my head! Need to read a book. Watching movies isn't enough! 
lmao i'd never go to the movies alone yeses i'd be lonely asf 
 Listening to Trump lie during presser with S. Korean President. Trump sat like a bored toad.  During questions,… 
Avengers: Endgame Directors Shot Five Different Endings 
These movies and shows where an adult returns to their childhood bedroom and it's completely the same, posters and… 
WELL DONEThis is Good News. These Women R Just Out For MONEY‼Y&gt;&gt;B'cuz tha can't find a door tha… 
The series that has less movies than the MCU but still somehow feels longer 
Perfect night to wear my MJ and MJ Jam sneakers to the movies tonight.  
I would still really like to watch it before. And after endgame, hubby and I decided… 
I love that movie, too. So, so good. Sneakers, Shutter Island, Schindler's List - so many good movies. 
When it comes to movies, tv shows, etc.  I don’t care about the actors color, sexual orientation, religion, etc.  a… 
They are not going to stop making movies. It’s about money. 
OUT NOW!!!Filmed and Edited by myself Jordan BennettYoutube: Whatever happened to Hope#videos #videography… 
My "favorite" is when shows/movies use wild dogs to depict hyenas. I'm looking at you, Buffy the Vampire Slayer. 
Solo girl has milky orga - other wicked movies on my profile #PornYo: Fresh hot Solo girl has milky orga - other wi… 
Man this is why Disney should make drawn movies, they look so much fun 
Even the shorter ones? Do we really need 90 minute Dragonball movies?  
Why doesn't twitter add an American Flag or a red hat to #MAGA?They have little logos for sports, movies, and all… 
Tour of Duty Revisit each Captain America movie with Chris Evans EW 
I always plan to sleep just after 22:00, mara I always find myself tweeting quotes of songs and movies at midnight 
I'm so sorry!!  I went through March w/almost the same reasons &amp; I thought I would go insane!  I was 1/2 bl… 
In the mood for cuddles and movies 
Please suggest new movies. 
It’s astonishing that America media so swallowed the hero narrative on Assange and Snowden that BOTH received Holly… 
Allie Knox Reveals All in A&amp;E’s ‘Sex for Sale: The Untold StoryLOS ANGELES—Allie Eve Knox, also known in the adul… 
I'll tell her we can stay home and watch movies and get delivery, We will go some oth… 
4 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend 
Anatomy of a Scene: How ‘Little’ Aims for Big Laughs 
‘Little’ | Anatomy of a Scene 
Direct to Video Documentary Highlights 90s Era Straight to VHS Horror Movies 
what a perfect way to be reminded about pizza and my love for the turtles! I always loved when they… 
I'm fine with engame being 3 hours with no intermission. I didn't have any issues with the Lord of the rings movies… 
Sameee, I see about 6 movies a month lol 
9 10 never sleep again. This is actually one of my favorite horror movies series 
We love a local legend! Would you get a KC tattoo? Do you have one already? Sound off below.… 
Bruan was the highlight of that film. Literally the worst movie I saw last year (and this is coming from… 
Cmon Hollywood, exercises the real super hero in reality, not fantasy movies... 
Parenting or movie taste? One has nothing to do with the other I have never or will ever do anything… 
NAACP Image Awards: black-ish, Grey's, Empire Among 2019 Winners - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Just based on the two clips I’ve seen of Meet Joe Black today, it is one of the wildest movies ever made. 
I’m not saying they both weren’t great movies they were but A Walk To Remember was better  
Stop! We’ve all seen the movies...this doesn’t end well  
Movies is a great place 
Most critics purposely shit on movies as either a way to show “hey look I’m not afraid to go too far… 
I miss movies like that ()Glad someone agrees with me  
I'm going to send this to every1 that I watch movies with 
1. i’m watching movies and cooking 2. I wish i could spend time looking for material for a dress, but we… 
NEW STEELBOOK COMING!HellBoy #hellboy #comics #blurays… 
wanna know somethin pretty cool?u're lovedmaybe it's by the person u kiss and watch movies withbut sum of us don… 
The only two movies that appear to not have any are Frozen and Skyfall. 
How many of the top-grossing movies this century have had an actor who has also been in an MCU movie? 
They’re the kind of people who would have found Robin Williams and said “Oh, you’re famous.  Good for… 
Saw Shazam at the cinema. Terrific entertainment and a breath of fresh air for superhero movies as DC are at last p… 
Wait do y'all not know that Scar from the Lion King was gay? Kanti how do you guys watch movies? 
I really don't give a shit if the original cast members are replaced with new actors every few years. I like comic… 
From NY Times: "4 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" 
From NY Times: "How ‘Little’ Aims for Big Laughs" 
Hitler’s home movies are being digitized: What your reaction says about us: 
Just bought 3 movies that have absolutely nothing in common. 
New HD Quality movies added #HowToTrainYourDragon3 #glass #EscapeRoomDigital2019  On #123movies #fmovies #gomovies… 
"Coming to America" sequel enlists Oscar-winning "Black Panther" costume designer 
How ‘Little’ Aims for Big Laughs 
"4 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT 
"How ‘Little’ Aims for Big Laughs" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT 
#Movie "Fire!" (2009) 
10 Movies, 10 Weeks, Only $10!The 2019 Kids Summer Movie Passes are on sale now, while supplies last! Sensory Fri… 
"4 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" by BEN KENIGSBERG via NYT The New York Times 
"How ‘Little’ Aims for Big Laughs" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT The New York Times 
Similar to GOT I need to rewatch all the previous marvel movies to ensure I am full in the know for Endgame 
Super-secret GUAVA ISLAND #film project starring Donald Glover, Letitia Wright, Nonso Anozie &amp; Rihanna to launch Sa… 
All I really know about the peoples of Brittain are from the movies so I really don't know anything.… 
Breaking video news: 4 Film Series to Catch in N.Y.C. This Weekend" via NYT #movies #films 
Breaking video news: How ‘Little’ Aims for Big Laughs" via NYT #movies #films 
Ke tsogile from too much intake and movies etla! 
Action Movies 2015 Full Movie English HD, The Best Action Movies 2015 (Cinema Movies Online free watch Subtitles an… 
Funny how Disney investor has warning that they will not talk about the theme parks, movies, or investment on their… 
A little too chilly for Gartening tonight so checkout for movies, games, dinner or just drinks! Go o… 
When I feel like I'm in the right position again I'll probably watch TV but mainly for movies 
I love that we're at the point in counter strike frag movies where people are converting recorded demo data into Un… 
The visuals look absolutely stunning in the #lionking #trailer from I know where I'll be on July 19th! :)… 
Saturday 7-10p | BeerSauce | Beer N Brownies ft. DeschutesJoin us for Deschutes Brewery's Limited Release Twiligh… 
Can't wait to get our hands on this! 
Fun fact: Illumination makes more profit off of merchandise and product placement then they do with their own movies. 
Summer is almost here. Shocking bc of the SNOW in APRIL!So while we dream about those days in the sun, check out… 
Check out The Bucket List Blu-ray #AcademyAwards #Oscars #Movies 
From NY Times: "‘Little’ | Anatomy of a Scene" 
I really need a day to sit and watch all Mr Ibu's movies just for laughs yoh 
Dave Bautista to star in DJ Caruso-directed action thriller KILLER'S GAME for STXfilms #film #movies 
Lmfaoooooo last time I fucking checked your job was to pick food and my job was to pick movies. So… 
There are reasons I wait until I can watch movies at home... this is now added to that list. What a t… 
"‘Little’ | Anatomy of a Scene" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT 
I mean two unsuccessful books and three panned movies as your only work i… 
I refuse to play this game. Anna and the apocalypse I like quite a bit but I LOVE all… 
Breaking video news: ‘Little’ | Anatomy of a Scene" via NYT #movies #films 
Check out The American  Blu-ray #AcademyAwards #Oscars #Movies 
From watching the trailer, the movie looked fake, the "photorealism" doesn't look realistic enough to… 
I have NOT seen either of those movies thank you! 
Enjoy the and FREE Preview Event today through Sunday. Watch new movies like addict… 
Glenn Close joins Amy Adams in Netflix's Ron Howard-directed #film adaptation of J.D. Vance's HILLBILLY ELEGY… 
"‘Little’ | Anatomy of a Scene" by MEKADO MURPHY via NYT The New York Times 
Nothing says “I finally made it” than going to the movies on a Thursday. I’ll get there soon 
Been like this for a little bit now, it's the same for movies and rooms too 
Remember The Titans has been crowned the Bracket of Movies 
yes I am gonna buy myself a big bucket full at the movies..   ok here is a Springing top for you lol… 
I don’t usuallt do opening night movies. But, Endgame Tickets Got. 
Bringing up Baby is an excellent movie. Not only is my favorite black and white, but one of my favorite movies. 
everyone talking about how they would need bathroom breaks during endgame clearly aren't familiar with bollywood movies 
Movies are written by the actors as the actors perform. 
I've seen my share of bad movies, but the only movie I ever walked out on was Red Sparrow. 
Its funny, i didnt hear an uproar about Balou in jungle book. You all ask for too much. For years… 
MIDNIGHT RUN is one of my favorite movies but I've also seen GIGLI, so the coin is two sided here... 
Than… 
The screen is showing old movies, so the perfect coordination with the cushions was fleet… 
#المال_او_الحبMoney exist in our world, but love is only in fantasy and diesny movies. 
cmere bb, i’ll get some snacks and fuzzy blankies and we can watch movies!! the whole cuddle family!! 
Get all Now Star Trek Movies to HD 
Spend your dollars at the movies wisely, go see... ‘Unplanned' filmmakers on Twitter banning the movie's account: '… 
I find it fascinating that through all 8 Harry Potter movies only one cast member was replaced, otherwise everyone… 
On sale now Sky Wizards Academy: The Complete Series. #NewRelease #video 
The model name is: black scary gun from the movies. Ban that one, then people will stop dying. 
Suggest movies for making me cry. I mean like real sobbing like Real Crocodile Tears 
where do u download movies? 
Saw the trailer and thought it’s just like that movie where they must be silent and it’s aliens don’t ev… 
National Geographic has a couple movies like that I think 
Look, they’re not just running around shouting “ENDGAME IS THE LONGEST MOVIE EVER”. Interviewers ask questions and… 
Alyssa is murdering her own career and soul at the same time..I guarantee non of th… 
I am on the phone with my mom listening to her explain Avengers: Endgame to my grandma. Neither of them know much a… 
I just got off the phone with the head office, it is not just for the movies, that's going to be the n… 
cool I am looking forward to it.  so far I have loved all the super hero movies I have seen lately.… 
I just got off the phone with the head office, it is not just for the m… 
‘Hellboy’ Review: What’s Big and Horned and Red All Over? Still going to see it, though. 
Join CAB for an action-packed night of SPRING FLING WEEK: "A Night at the Movies" for WRESTLING in the AWAC 7PM!! 
I thought Moana was one of the most boring and predictable disney movies to date, so PERSONALLY I wou… 
haha well, watch all the Star Wars movies and we can be friends again. (I'm kidding) 
needs to be in "the movies" herself! 
I miss seeing in movies! #BioDome 
He won't rule out a return for Loki. 
IT WAS WALL STREET GREED FULL STOP!WHY DO U THINK THEY HAD2 B BAILED OUT DIMWIT?BROOKSL… 
1087 Movies 160 TV 
You know that scene in all the romance movies where the main character looks around at all the couples around? That… 
I'm binge watching all mafia movies 
Not counting the movie I’m on, I have five left before I’ve watch all of the Marvel movies in order before EndGame.… 
Everything about the 80’s is soo amazing! Amazing music, movies, dance moves everything!!! 
People who like watching the movies have no idea what they are looking at when they enter a comic shop… 
People get surprised that my favorite movies are The LEGO Movie and Blade Runner 2049, as if they’re not basically the same movie 
This sounds wack at. But Coogler puts out dope movies... I guess I’ll take my nephews to this. 
Horror movies have such obnoxious marketing that you'd think they would have anything better to do with their budge… 
Do not deprive your kids from watching movies on VHS... it's rad. 
Or movies always released Friday! Now it’s all willy nilly with Thursday night or Wednesday or whenever! 
Also critics are dumb and prefer stupid movies about women falling in love with fish over actual honest humour 
Oh, drops Friday. Like Freaky Friday which had the same exact premise. And I don't know how many mo… 
Its always opera music playing in mafia gangster movies when the killing spree starts to happen. 
I got You're 50% Jake!You have a few Peralta-isms up your sleeve. You probably have the best comebacks, reference… 
#TheNun Producer Confirms A Sequel Is In Development - 
Chris Rock Mocks Jussie Smollett: ‘What a Waste of Light Skin’ (Video) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Bit exciting they are but i am not fully into them either I rather watch movies with not… 
this is how u drive people to pirate ur movies lol 
they're gonna switch sides haven't you seen the movies? 
I have 358 movies and 35 tv shows in my collection. Gotta step up my game is I want to reach your level  
Disney is just shitting out movies at this point 
I never really expect American Godzilla films to do that well in Japan… 
I agree 100%. they ruin all the good movies with stupid remakes :/ 
As a young woman currently looking for a job, this flick was way more of a paranoia-inducing nightmare than I expec… 
Vintage Shelf: Video Game Movies Are Mostly Bad But ‘Double Dragon’ Is a Good Time 
Next question. Have you ever watched pure flix? I really enjoy it. Its more Christian bas… 
I figure if the books/comics were made into movies, it would take up the space of 1 film. Reversed, if… 
No, only Disney movies get promoted to Death THANK YOU EVERYBODY I'LL… 
Really feeling the love today from the KC podcast community. We’ve had the opportunity to meet these podcasters in… 
This! We need more movies about female friendships and relationships.  
i wish i wasn’t this scared of horror movies 
Lol, I think it and There will be Blood are my two least favorite mo… 
#Movie "Suddenly, Last Summer" (1959) 
Gurus will be like "you want to look like Wolverine!" you want to look like Daniel Craig in James Bond movies. You… 
It's cute that you think we need a recap. Like we haven't memorized the movies by now. 
I found a website today called "Does the Dog Die?" and I will be using it before watching any more movies from now on. 
My problem with it is how unoriginal many of the new Disney movies have gotten. Just wish they stoped r… 
Yes. He’s from VT. It’s a very white state. I spent 50 y… 
I’m more excited for the live action Aladdin movie than the Lion King movie.Don’t get me wrong I love then both bu… 
I just learned Paul Rudd was in ant man and not Ben Affleck.... and I’ve watched both ant man movies soooo 
Judge Jeanine Pirro Returns to Air With No Mention of Her Two-Week Absence - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Wait what the fuck You don't know who's Jason ?Jason X man the GOAT of horror movies 
Now Stream This: ‘Destroyer’, ‘A Quiet Place’, ‘Lizzie’, ‘The Legend of Cocaine Island’, ‘The Fly’, ‘Between Worlds… 
Hi I’m Emily Bjorke and I have never once seen the movies Home Alone AND the Goonies. 
Why would you want to work for #Hallmark and do their cheesy as movies? 
Any sites to download movies? 
Marvel fans keep using this as an excuse to watch dumb/fun movies endlessly. 
Do people really not like horror movies!?!?  
Dude I will go until my bladder bursts. It’s how I’ve always been with movies. I might jus… 
It’s all my fav things: movies, the beach, and the free 
Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus Have Split to Spend Time with Their Families: Source (Alexia Fernandez / People)… 
Do a**holes watch movies and think the a**hole characters are reasonable people? #funny #goofy 
I’ve grown such a huge obsession with Asian movies specifically Chinese and Korean 
EW’s Stunning Avengers: Endgame Collector’s Cover Unites Every Living Hero - 
The first few were good, back before CGI and without all the SJW PC CRAP in them. I sold the movies I h… 
There will be Blood, The Collector, Ghost Ship, No Country for Old Men, several o… 
Nothing is beneath the Schumer’s- have you seen Amy’s movies wow 
Stop sleeping during movies 
That movie is still one of my favorite movies, and the opening sequence rivals the Matrix for some of t… 
The kind of movies they show on AM showcase and ROK eh, I shudder. 
Comics are so hit or miss whereas the MCU has a very high floor.Lower the number and frequency of boo… 
Can’t help but think what would Walt Disney think of all the Disney movies made since his passing 
..fingers through my  hair(the way I liked), gave me a kiss on the cheek , and faded away like in the movies. I fai… 
So we didn't see an older Batman fight Deathstroke in the movies, so we are gonna see it on Titans now... 
If you are black it’s  MANDATORY movies your supposed to have seen before. 
Its #NationalLibraryWeek and we want to salute the They have more than books and movies. They also h… 
If it goes anything like the movies, the monkeys would end up owning us 
#PrincessCut #AshleyBratcher #Unplanned #movies #inspirational #faith #family #drama #romance #TrueLove #love… 
MOVIES: Avengers: Endgame - News Roundup *Updated 11th April 2019* (Posted: 2019-04-11 14:48:02)… 
Half of those movies bombed at the box office and yes they suck too , just because they have b… 
it’s not a snow day if i’m not binge watching the harry potter movies 
Any movies that I feel like I *must* see when it comes out?  Alamo Drafthouse.Anything else that… 
Perfect for planes/trains/automobiles. Big enough screens that you can watch movies/tv, but not massive. 
I imagine that studios producing fewer, bigger movies like Disney has vowed to doesn't help, either… 
Feige: We pretty much have a set slate of movies, we don’t really have room for a Black Widow movie… 
Her body was violated so her solution was to allow an abortionist to violate her unborn baby’s body? How does this… 
: Call me weird or whatever mara I legit don't  F/W romantic movies..._Tell me about horror 
i dont know why people are complainin' so much about all these live action/cgi remakes to begin with. i… 
These guys don't go to the movies, right?  Chinese scientists have put human brain genes in monkeys—and yes, they m… 
#AvengersEndgame clip: Surviving superheroes split up to beat Thanos: 
I think i know the movies.. 
Have you seen the movies??? 
#AI is a go-to #Hollywood #SciFi theme. How feasible are the AIs in movies like Blade Runner, 2001 and Ex Machina?… 
#AvengersEndgame Star Chris Hemsworth Addresses Rumor Of Loki Comeback - 
"Jaws 2" and 3 more hit the Top 100 iTunes Movies Chart! Trailers and more - 
I'm a complete sucker for big event hype movies, but Disney and other big studios need to encourage… 
Sony's Screen Gems label is funding a "horror lab" to launch new scary movies 
Zombie film 'The Dead Don't Die' to open Cannes Film 
I felt the same way about making movies after watching Harmony Korine's work lol. 
Perham #police officer brings #Hollywood home by playing #cop in movies - Apr 11 3:29 PM ET  
i like star wars movies. -_- 
My mom walked out of four movies in one day 
CS Video: Missing Link’s Zoe Saldana On ‘Beautiful’ Stop Motion Films 
I don’t know if it’s that unpopular; the MCU (for good or bad) is simply a big budget televi… 
Hey, Dad. Love your comedy. Will you star in one of our movies? 
Jus reminded me of an ex-friend of mine whom is always indoors watching movies 24/7 but always compl… 
AS USA airing movies on the regular sounds awful honestlyunless its Toonami 
Because it’s one of the most amazing Disney movies, ever? 
Actor #IanGlen Will Play #BruceWayne on #DCUniverse Series #Titans. #comics #dccomics #marvel #marvelcomics… 
The Mule was Awesome like all your movies! My Grandfather is one of the few WW2 veterans left &amp; on… 
Lmao they’ve been in movies 
Or devolved it gets. It's like a game of telephone where each version loses more power. They sell… 
How do you get hired as one of the people that just run away in movies ? Lol get me in a marvel movie and just see… 
Incredible because at least three of these I'd pick the same franchises but different movies 
10 Perfect Date Night Movies for Your Favorite Comic Book Nerd 
10 Perfect Date Night Movies for Your Favorite Comic Book Nerd Bring out the softer side… 
Yeah, very good movie. Has a lot of scientific input in the making if the movies. So not just regular sci… 
I dont see movies in theaters anyway but i like your thoughts. This remake doesnt really intrest me… 
Because ALL hit Disney movies are being redone this way.  Cinderella, Aladdin, Jungle Boo… 
We had lots of handwritten label VHSes too! And my godfather also taped movies for us bc he had all the equip and channels. 
my mom is lucky as hell she was born the same year as river and she witnessed first hand all of his movies when they first came out i’m soft 
Right? There’s a high probably that’d I’d be watching one of these movies on any given Thursday nigh… 
Chadwick Boseman Among Early NAACP Image Awards Winners (Updating) - #TV #Movies #entertainment 
Just plug and play USB to watch movies pictures, music, and office files #lLG #LED 
Oh no, but thank you.  I’m a fanatic, so I own all the films and the TV series.  The classic samurai… 
Donald Glover’s ‘Guava Island’ Film To Stream For Free On Amazon After Coachella Premiere - Directed by Hiro Murai… 
Fan art for ”Us”. #Movies #TV 
"The revitalization of old Disney movies is a great way to transition classic stories into a n… 
I like horror movies so yah I’d go with the claw hammer. 
Yeah I think the closest theater to me that had it was 2hrs away. I just overall prefer movies on the big screen. 
Sorry to read this and sending my best from SoCal to Jerry Harrington So many memories and good movies.… 
It's really good imo. Better than most of the DCU movies so far. 
#Movie "The New Swiss Family Robinson" (1998) 
So so excited for the return of still my… 
I AM BRAZILIAN AND DREAM FROM CHILDREN TO KNOW NEW YORK. MANY TIMES BEFORE THE INTERNET FACILITY, I… 
Michael Sean Winters says that one of the reasons he has long admired Ratzinger's theology is that he is so systema… 
Why is not in more movies? He is a national treasure and should be treated as such.#Foo 
I have officially reached that point in the school year where all I want to do is show them movies and t.v. shows i… 
"You do realize I've been on several hit tv shows and movies since right?" 
Mark Hamill lends his voice to Chucky in 'Child's Play' remake 
I preferred series over movies... #ThingsMyEXdidntKnowAboutME 
Scar looks Like a lion, not an orange Disney character and will Smith can… 
I need a nigga that smokes hella weed n is down to watch Disney movies w me , is that to much to ask for? 
Nobody:Storm in the X-Men movies: 
That is so me. I watch horror movies and get more scared of the person I’m watching it with 
My favorite war movies of all times, what's yours? 
Winter is here, and so is the HBO Free Preeview Weekend! Enjoy your favourite shows and movies on HBO for free fro… 
So the full 6 extended LOTR movies are almost 21 hours long. There are 7 hobbit meals. It's 6 months away but this is my birthday plan. 
Disney movies have so much of morals and values to teach  
‘Salem’s Lot continues to be one of my favorite vampire movies, it’s the reason I decided to go back and redraw my… 
This is one of the BEST movies I’ve watched in YEARS!! 
You know what I miss? and I watching movies and sipping on tequila using her favorite tea set. Best memories ever 
It's a quarter into the year, so now comes the time for power rankings.#Repost • •… 
Dude they have too , those are some scary shit , I can never again in my life put myself through that wa… 
