That's pretty cool. I've always appreciated the Asian influences on Star Wars and found it to be a me… 
EA Has No Plans To Release Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order On The Switch #Repost… 
Check out STAR WARS Necklace with 4 Removable Charms 
"Ad:" Kotobukiya ArtFX Star Wars Jango Fett 1/10 Statue+2 Bonus Statues! Attack Clones  f… 
"Ad:" New Kotobukiya Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Luke Skywalker Artfx Statue Figure  f… 
"Ad:" New Kotobukiya ArtFX Star Wars Darth Vader ROTJ 1/7 Statue w/ Light Up LED’s  flyin… 
Just got into watching Season 3 of 'Star Wars: Rebels' after a long hiatus. I am consistently impressed with this s… 
"Descreva-se em 3 personagens fictícios"1. Squall Leonheart - Final Fantasy VIII2. Jon Snow - Game of Thrones/A… 
Bruh!! Saw your video!  No shame!  I cried my eyes out when I saw Lando and overly excited to see J.J… 
This right and really say that Disney… 
Now l get why Lucasfelm removed EU as non-canon so they could virtual signal that K… 
I need engaging people for each of the following categories who are knowledgeable and passionate about them as they… 
If you love Star Wars, have the ability to record your own audio with a microphone, and would like to be a part of… 
Lulz for many reasons, nope. I wanted to do like a braid or something (honestly I’ve probably been… 
Star Wars:Why Rey Should Not Be a Skywalker  #rey #skywalker #starwars #TheRiseofSkywalker… 
Dang LEGO Star Wars sets are getting more and more accurate to the films 
Check out Star Wars BB-8 Wall Canvas Decor + Frame 
When you finish Invasive by Then Google search shows that he writes  Star Wars booksThen you see… 
This is the day to wear cargo shorts, smoke some reefer, and watch Star Wars. 
AHSOKA&amp;#39;S BRIGHT FUTURE!  Star Wars Spin Off Movie and TV Mini Series!  Exciting New Rumors! StarWars 
Is this the droid you are looking for? #StarWars #Advertising 
Star Wars Set Luke Skywalker &amp; Princess Leah ⁦… 
Got a few ideas for conworld:-Fictional 1920s-30s eque world-Over the top 70s action movie setting-fuckin star wars 
Hide and Seek - Merfilly - Star Wars Prequel Trilogy [Archive of Our Own] - Chapters: 1/1 Fandom: Star... 
Jedi Knight and PC gaming saved Star Wars fans during a barren '90s 
They already confirmed that at Star Wars Celebration. One of the dudes at the panels that w… 
Damn if only, a decent Star Wars fighting game would actually be OD 
Top Audiobook: Star Wars: The New Jedi Order: Dark Tide 1: Onslaught (Abridged) - Michael A. Stackpole… 
Bringing old characters back and slowl… 
Okay, let’s do it then..how tf is it d… 
Which Star Wars tho??? 
Honestly I’ve never watched a single Star Wars movie all the way through 
"Ad:" Attakus Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi 2003 statue 1/5th scale 16" not Sideshow  flyingtr… 
Colin Trevorrow Jokes About His Thwarted Star Wars: Episode IX Plans 
Hasbro Shows Off New Star Wars Black Figures 
You see, there's always been a plan &gt;&gt; Palpatine always part of the plan #starwarsepix #starwarstros #thros 
Yeah you’re right...The OP sci-fi list: -Star Wars-Matrix-Sunshine-Interstellar-Children of MenYours? 
I’m proud of bringing this Sith lady back and debuting her new look at Star Wars Celebration!  I wo… 
I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that Hollywood isn't going to stop making mo… 
12 of the most exciting details about Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge 
Well from a certain point of view lets start our story:Episode 1: We meet our character.Episode2: we are introduc… 
See Star Wars Rebels... 
I see some of y’all make fun of the goofiest and wimpiest shit, but I crack one snarky tweet about the sobbing Star… 
Celebration has forced my husband to succumb to Star Wars!  
We don't the answer to "why but we Star Wars fans certainly appreciate having him i… 
Fans Still Think This Is the Best 'Star Wars' Movie Trailer of All Time - The Cheat Sheet 
Rian Johnson will mess up everything in Star Wars 
How does it feel to be in the same category as Star Wars and Michelle Obama 
Off topic, but that Star Wars music video - fucking brilliant dude. 
can you PLEASE make these into things because this and the Star Wars one are so great 
I wish Disney would release the original Star Wars trilogy without the updated CGI 
These new Coca-Cola bottles at Disney are a 'Star Wars' fan's dream 
Which Trooper from the Star Wars Galaxy is your favorite? Tag a friend in the comments below and let me know wha… 
'Force flash fights'? Just give me more force bond sessions and let them talk it out, man! 
John Boyega Reveals Why He Was Pumped About Finn’s New Costume In Star Wars:The Rise Of Skywalker… 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Imperial Star Destroyer 2006 (6211)-100% complete + More!  flyingtre… 
Star Wars night is MEANT for dressing up! Yeah, sexy Lando and Chewy are the easy ones, but who's gonna show up as… 
Star Wars A New HopeThe Empire Strikes Back2001The Man Who Fell to EarthLiquid Sky 
Star Wars Day Celebration 
Cinema13* Star Wars Marathon (all ages) 
Family Movie* Star Wars Marathon (all ages) 
Hehe, Star Wars fans are the best!!! 
STAR WARS - WHO'S LAUGHING NOW? (PARODY OF THE RISE OF SKYWALKER TRAILER) via 
J.J. Abrams Explains Why ‘Star Wars: Episode IX’ Is Called ‘The Rise of Skywalker’ via 
New Old Republic Star Wars Movies in Production According to Inside Source! - Star Wars Movie News StarWars 
Should we trust new Star Wars game, #StarWarsJediFallenOrder ?Watch Here on :… 
Take a glimpse at China's Mars-like space simulation base that looks like a cross between 'Star Wars' and '2001: A… 
I just came off of running a Star Wars: Age of Rebellion game, so I am all for passing out bonus poi… 
The picture on my Star Wars page-a-day calendar features General Grievous, which is appropriate because he loved ma… 
Happy Birthday !Thank you for letting me ask your first Star Wars question at your photography  ses… 
And not to mention there’s also TONS of alien races in Star Wars, so the fact that people only want… 
Throwback Star Wars Battlefront II being a free download w/ Gold is why I didn't write this weekend. 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Influenced by Clone Wars, Rebels #ElectronicArts #PC #PS4… 
8 Star Wars movies, and I haven't watched a single one.  
SJW Star Wars fans saying, "The sequels aren't for you!" is like saying the last third of any book… 
gosto tanto de star wars 
Star Wars IX: How the Emperor Got His Groove Back. #BetterTitle #BetterMovie 
Star Wars: we hate this franchise but keep giving us money please! 
Il just make my own version and edit the special edition bit back in, i like the Jabba scene in ANH so… 
"Ad:" USED Star Wars Darth Vader 15" Statue Figurine  flyingtreasures 
It’s a subject which brings my family closer together in most times.  We may not talk, and we may fight a lot, but… 
Star Wars: The Rise of Jar Jar #reddit #viral #videos 
In honor of the new trailer for "Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" being released, we would love to share this cool… 
Star Wars. I’m liking Rumble and Black Road, but mostly Star Wars. 
-Game of Thrones-Star Wars ( Skywalker Saga)- Avengers ( originals)So many great stories end or start new this… 
#AlbumOfTheDay No.46 | ‘Star Wars’ • I love this album and it was great to see the whole thing live a few… 
I hope dio in star wars says but it was i dio 
so Star Wars? 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Might Be Introducing An Intriguing Force Power 
Ooooooo  omg I need to read the Star Wars books like I feel like I should have read th… 
May the 4th: Star Wars 
to make star wars fans implode disney should remake kotor but make revan a woman 
Star Wars movie trailer rule: If it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and sounds like… 
Winter is coming to Star Wars 
Pokémon is the highest-grossing media franchise of all time, beating out Star Wars by more than $13 billion. 
I would say Star Wars but you rock M EVERYWHERE YOU GO?! 
Are you the biggest female Star Wars commentator on YouTube? Do you beat them all? 
Star Wars. Physics. Star Wars.....nope, not getting it. 
Dark ForcesKOTORYoda StoriesLEGO Star WarsEpisode 1 Racer(Honorable mention to Rogue Squadron II: Rogue Leader) 
Star Wars Movie Marathon 
Megalopolis: City of Collectibles – #StarWarsTheVintageCollection Wave 5 Figure 
Enter to win a FREE Brand New Onnit (Star Wars Kettlebells) 
I was telling about one movie I'd like to show you both, but it'd require a lot of ex… 
So I asked my daughter to take a shower and get ready to go to the park. So she took a shower and I asked her if sh… 
I’m 9 and loved Avery thing at Star Wars it was the best ever!!!!!!!!!’ #StarWarCelebration 
New from Thriftsleuth Star Wars Paper Stationery Kit Stormtrooper Yoda Mead 1996 Computer Envelopes… 

‘Star Wars: Episode 9’ Trailer: First Look At How The Skywalker Saga Will End — Watch  
“Thank God for Star Wars fans!” What a hero, bless his heart. 
I have put them out of their misery in every Star Wars game where I can do that. 
LEGO Star Wars III was an amazing game. Change my mind ( you can’t) 
I’ve played a lot over the years, but the one that I have the fondest feelings for is the vector graphic… 
Star Wars Battlefront News: Ultimate, Deluxe Edition &amp; DLC Season Pass EXPLAINED Videogames 
Molly eating slowly and meticulously. Emma finished quickly so she could read Star Wars. #sisters #personalities 
GIVEAWAYI am giving away a Celebration exclusive white plush Lothwolf! This giveaway is for non-Celebration at… 
I'm gonna be the group's pilot but I need to select a Star Wars alien to be, please help 
Happy Star Wars easter! #MayTheFatForceBeWithYou 
I was thinking that too. Or did they know somebody who snagged one of the early re… 
EA’s Next ‘Star Wars’ Game Looks Promising—and Raises Eyebrows - Barron's 
TIE FighterKOTOR IIStar Wars Trilogy ArcadeHonourable mention: LEGO Star Wars 
Leia Finds a Pint-Sized Battle Partner in the Latest Star Wars Galaxy of Adventures Short 
I'd imagine I'd be either grey Jedi or sith in a star wars universe 
Don't miss out on Star Wars Destiny tonight at 2! Prize support is based on attendance but you can be sure to enjoy… 
That star wars music in the back? 
Discover a galaxy of adventure with all the latest #StarWars audiobooks from Check out their extensive c… 
Star Wars the Clone Wars but it’s ok now cause it’s coming back for a proper ending  
he has been in star wars, lotr and mcu a legend 
If he likes Star Wars, Imperial Assault can be a GREAT campaign game!!! It's kind of RPG lite... 
Absolutely! My husband is a DC cop and we have three daughters. The majority of our ban… 
I get what you’re saying — because they played it for the people who paid hundreds or sometimes thousa… 
Want to try out Live Action Roleplaying? There will be Star Wars and Urban Fantasy LARPS happening all weekend!… 
Meanwhile...George Lucas: "The next Star Wars should be an Osmosis Jones clone whe… 
BREAKING NEWS! Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic Movie or Series IN DEVELOPMENT! StarWars 
Star wars 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Vintage Star Wars IMPERIAL TIE FIGHTER original working W RARE HTF ESB BOX 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' to Reportedly Feature New Force Fight Showdown #SmartNews 
Look, I really just want a world inwhich I have an updated GMR and MRR coming to DHS in advance of Star Wars. I know that’s crazy talk. 
Star Wars? 
This week in games: Lego Star Wars returns, Ubisoft gives away Assassin's Creed: Unity after Notre Dame fire. 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - Movie Trailers - iTunes 
This week in games: Lego Star Wars returns, Ubisoft gives away Assassin’s Creed: Unity after Notre Dame fire – PCWo… 
Want to see a Star Wars/Beach Boys mash up? #StarWars #StarWarsTheRiseofSkywalker #TheBeachBoys #mashup… 
Is Emperor Palpatine Returning in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker? 
Star wars ep 5,6 
Can anyone help give me ideas for my Xbox gamer I am going to change it but if you have a idea can it involve somet… 
So touched to have my writing compared to Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, Star Wars and Dickens and Twain...all in… 
I hate the new star wars but I love the new kevin smith.So glad… 
Happy Saturday! Star Wars Rival Run Half Marathon race recap is now up! Click subscribe if you love Disney! … 
"Ad:" Fantasy: RARE Star Wars Sphero Toy Store Display R2D2 BB8 BB9-E  flyingtreasures 
Check out Han Solo Snow Gear #86 Funko Pop Star Wars Vinyl Bobblehead Lootcrate Exclusive #Funko… 
Star Wars #StarWars 
Star Wars #StarWars Palpatine 
Star Wars #StarWars #StarWarsTheRiseofSkywalker 
Star Wars #StarWarsTheRiseofSkywalker #StarWars 
Hey MY FIANCE IS A NERD and I love him to death. You think I care what he loves, yeah ME AND ONLY ME… 
bad example for a decent point:star wars doesn't lend itself to establishing it's characters separately, but as a… 
Inspired by #StarWars pilots, announces the X-wing Unisex Sneaker, featuring schematic detail of the fighter… 
Star Wars, 1977, John Williams of course. 
We do. We really don't need a space force yet. This is not Star Wars yet. Lol.  
would be impressive but he did get the chronological order wrong. but he does get points for predic… 
Man Star Wars Episode 9 looks great!Darth Borker. 
EA Has “No Plans” To Release Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order On The Switch #NintendoSwitch… 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Slave I - 20th Anniversary Edition 75243 BRAND NEW FACTORY SEALED  f… 
Is this the Star Wars crying guy? 
I feel like there’s a lot of people who apparently don’t realize or remember THEY were a child once who… 
Godzilla, X-MEN, Hulk, Black Panther, Captain America, Star Wars, Wolfenstein, Doo… 
Power and Romance Clash in 'Star Wars' Costumes, Analysis 
Another great ESO stream where, as is appropriate, we talked mostly about Star Wars. lol Thanks for brin… 
People who love star wars this much GENERALLY have no idea what actual good sci-fi is so all arguments are moot 
Mystery Arcade Series 2 is where it's at.First episode's coming out on the the 4th of May (heh, Star W… 
Dark should be resistant to electric because star wars 
a long time ago... before Star Wars came along, was THX 1138 (1971) --- a technology time capsule, and must for any… 
Liked on YouTube: TEORIA SKYWALKER: O FUTURO DE STAR WARS 
Missed the point entirely, it’s not that star wars should become like marvel them… 
Doing a Star Wars Moviethon today. It's always better with loud sound. We are hosting #AutumnDevDays on Star Wars… 
EPW will be at Varsity Project in Morley for May the 4th - Star Wars day! Check Varsity's Facebook page for more de… 
Star wars galaxy that 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Darth Maul’s Sith Infiltrator Set 7961 100% Complete w/manuals  flyi… 
The Last Jedi isn't the best Star Wars movie, I'll admit that, but I'm a BB-8 stan, so I watch it pretty frequently… 
Kindle &amp; comiXologyThe greatest space adventure of all returns to MarvelStar Wars Vol. 1: Skywalker Strikes (Star… 
Tfw you read that John Dykstra (Star Wars, Spider-Man 2) worked on the gopher from Caddyshack. 
Han Solo&amp;#39;s Real Name May Not Be "Han Solo" After All! - Han Solo Star Wars Movie News | Star Wars HQ StarWars 
 superheroesincolor: Star Wars: Age Of The Republic - Jango Fett #1    THE MOST FEARED BOUNTY HUNTER... 
 lousysharkbutt: yall mind if i star wars for a minute 
Adidas Rare Star Wars Collection Metro Attitude Jabba the Hutt 
That last Star Wars compilation made me realize Hayden Christenson looks a bit like Daisy Ridley if you look at him the right way 
Actually I dunno about that, normally I might have a *decently* quality/cool Twitter, but lately I'… 
As if: EA bought full rights to Star Wars film series. EA will be tasking BioWare develop a live-action film. They… 
Hi, I’m Dave. At this moment I’m on the cusp of printing the first copies of my second bo… 
Any time somebody talk shit to you say “1v1 me level 6 episode 3 on lego star wars” 
Honestly it's probably my least favourite Star Wars film (and I occasionally make fun of it), but s… 
How many episodes of Star Wars did he watch? 
is another guy I follow who talks about Star Wars theory. He's done some pretty good videos, but hat… 
What is your favorite Star Wars film and why? I know, a hard question haha — empire strikes back because of the sce… 
Star Wars bound!! 
is fortnite a bad game and is the old star wars battlefront game the greatest things to ever exist 
I appreciate that. I'm glad you liked it, and like Star Wars in general. I'm just trying to prove there'… 
I figured out the Star Wars show I want on Disney+Rogue Squadron 
Thank you! I ordered right away!Grew up with Star Wars, and I remember as far back… 
At the bar with a friend and this dweeb started talking to us and eventually started complaining about how The Last… 
Doing a Star Wars trivia night w my dad and his friends and I named our team Order 69 
At this moment?Star Wars: The Empire Strikes BackConan the DestroyerRaiders of… 
I still think about cancelled games like Scalebound and Star Wars 1313, never will get to play them 
Or when there wasn't as many with none having dominance like it was with HP, Star Wars, Lord of The Rings, and James Bond. 
Standing Up For the Bullied Star Wars Guy via 
That's fine if you don't. But Disney owns them both. There is a correlation. If the entire story is good… 
...hugely successful Kickstarters. EVS… 
Also, do y’all want an ambulance? “Nah, were gonna drive to the emergency room. We’re going to see Star Wars later” 
I'm going to CRY in defeat if Sean gets introduced to Gar Saxon (no relation to the Star Wars villain. Prepare the… 
That would have been nice. Different directors would have worked if they had 1 driving force. Kevin… 
Idk I feel like the new Star Wars movies are some of the most beautifully curated pieces of art we’ll see in our li… 
Me when Matt said he’s never seen Star Wars... gotta throw the whole guy out 
Palpatines cackle at the end of the Star Wars trailer has me shook. 
Dear Star Wars, you had me at The Rise of Skywalker. Please have a payoff. 
I think there should be some kind of Geoffrey Saxe-like figure in the Star Wars universe who does all the research… 
If you like the Last Jedi, that's great. But it made half of what The Force Awakens made worldwide. And then everyo… 
I’m waiting for the book edition of your collected Star Wars drawings, hint hint.... 
I always think Star Wars kind of shows how media is a sort of new religion. Separately, the whole "… 
Can A Star Destroyer Go Underwater?  Star Wars Revealed, Theory Explained | Star Wars HQ StarWars 
It’s been awhile since I read Fangirl but this is spot on (and what I’m focusing on in the article). I w… 
Honestly the funniest part of the original star wars trilogy (and rogue one)is that anytime someone annoys Darth Va… 
i retweet a picture from the ISS and… 
LEGO Star Wars Kessel Run Millenium Falcon Building Set - $119.99 Shipped #walmart 
...before I saw the next. My entire childhood was steeped in the slow, yet dazzling, progression of Star Wars. 
Star WarsThe Americans 
Star Wars is average once you get over them dangling shiny things in front of you. Moments of promise som… 
{\__/}( • . •)/ &gt;want it? {\__/}( • - •)&lt; \  sorry, already belong to               star wars 
Crazy Japanese Reaction for STAT WARS EPISODE9 at Star Wars Celebration  
The Painted Veil,  The Notebook and Star Wars! 
The Old Republic era of #StarWars is the most colorful, interesting and varied. The Sith Empire &gt; Galactic Empire,… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019-Kotobukiya Bronze Darth Vader Statue ARTFX  flyi… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Celebration 2019-Kotobukiya R2-R9 &amp; R2-B1 ARTFX+ statues-500 Made  flying… 
Star Wars Episode IX Trailer Reaction Redux feat. Ishtar 
Fact.“Princess Leia’s Theme was the perfect choice for Star Wars: Episode IX teaser” - Dork Side of the Force 
of course some of the things I've read in some Star Wars series do not line up with things… 
I'm done with star wars after tlj. Done. 
In what are I assume now non-canonical Star Wars books, the emperor was originally cloned a… 
in ANY Star Wars film? You’re reaching on that one. 
STAR WARS AT THE MALL (IT'S OVER ANAKIN) via 
Check out Star Wars Rebel White Red Bifold Men's Wallet Episode 8 The Last Jedi Bioworld #Bioworld via 
Allie: the Star Wars theme song is stuck in my head...Allie: *hums Jurassic Park theme song*Me: close.... 
"Star Wars really hits people deep for a reason, the lessons of Yoda are the lessons of Zen Buddhism" - Amanda Palm… 
Well I definitely did like the Star Wars era when Reagan was thinking about missile defense in space. Bu… 
Star Wars' Old Republic timeline might return Star Wars' Old Republic timeline found itself back in the spotlight… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order releases on November 15 - VentureBeat 
well, and anyone who accepts Disney canon doesn't have a problem. It fits perfectly in Discanon. But… 
Yeah, Jules Verne was alright but did he write a Star Wars EU novel? Didn’t think so 
I wasn't exaggerating when I said every episode. Everything in the show is wrong. Nothing fits, not… 
Return of the Jedi is easily the most entertaining Star Wars movie. It’s just pure, crazy fun in a galaxy far, far… 
My star war name should Star Wars "The Force Of the Jedi Clone Siths"That should really piss some ppl off. 
Star Wars slippies 
Scott finally talked me into watching Avengers 2 ((which I avoided because I’m sooooo tired of super hero/comic mov… 
For what possible reason? The only good thing Disney ever did for Star Wars canon was to cut the can… 
I Liked video EPISODE 1: SHARDS OF THE PAST - A STAR WARS THEORY FAN-FILM 
FNL (Friday News Live) Trip Announcement! Star Wars Celebration News! Go... via 
No. Wanted to see it but when it got time, just had no desire. Haven't sat down to watch a star wars sin… 
Side note.... I wanna play Star Wars with 
Here's a thought, discovery time jumps to next generation era plus 10 years.  They get Pi… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Vintage STAR WARS Boba Fett Slave One Han And Ramp 90's RARE  flyingtreasu… 
80s GI Joe? Or Star Wars style? 
Hot take: it's almost like Star Wars is kind of in a generic place right now.I'm ready to be blocked. 
I know. New/casual fans (either or and) liked it. Long time Star Wars fans didn't though. But everyone b… 
Check out my broadcast from my PlayStation 4! #PS4live (Super Star Wars)  live at 
Dear and friends,Due to this little lady, I will not be able to stream as usual.  I will aim to r… 
If it takes you several films to care about a character then maybe it's not as good. Mos… 
Illegally importing workers, illegally spying on customers, illegally discriminating against employe… 
Star Wars ep. IVGladiatorShawshankOld SchoolWizard of OzRoundersBig FishLOTR: Fellowship of the Ring 
Star Wars is the most beautiful thing on earth. 
A deep part of me wishes Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire was actually finished fully instead of being rushed for t… 
I complained in every film why no life support belt LOL - but yes they're not a problem just a poor… 
star wars* 
Enge copy ng Naruto, One Piece, and Star Wars. 
In Star Wars they were awesome 
I'm disappointed in humanity, the new Star Wars movie is called Rise of Skywalker and I can't find any picture of… 
I could go on, the star wars cartoon show also features: torture, executions, war crimes, raises disturbing questio… 
Sesame Street: Star S'Mores (Star Wars Parody) via 
I want to and everything just haven’t. Last new Star Wars movie I saw was The Force Awakens so I really need to catch up 
Star Wars the Clone Wars, which aired on cartoon network featured: politics, slavery, lots of deaths left and right… 
This is from Star Wars IX, right? 
I thought anitwitter was bad, then I went to Star Wars twitter and  holy fuck y’all are wild 
I was at Star Wars celebration last week and I’m pretty sure the line to get into the Denver show is lo… 
i haven’t seen star wars so i’m afraid i don’t understand this reference 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Resistance Major Vonreg’s TIE Fighter 75240  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars lot  flyingtreasures 
fans of Star Wars let the man live. George Lucas created the series of he like Ja ja binks so be it 
have you even seen luke? rey was better written than luke aND MY DAD WHO WAS A FAN OF STAR WARS WHEN HE WAS A KID A… 
looks like you got some motion on your theory. Have you seen this? 
I agree. The best action scenes in a Star Wars movie. 
Happy 38th Birthday to Hayden Christensen! The actor who played Anakin Skywalker in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack… 
Origin Story of Darth Maul’s Two Double Bladed Lightsabers - Star Wars Revealed and Explained StarWars 
They won't let me name the new Star Wars characters. You can't have Darth Kleenex anymore, or Di'Gor'Nos the Hutt 
star wars cast doing characters impersonations 
#gusandeddy #preguntas Are you guys pro soundboard? I’m pro soundboard. Thinking of making one for the podcast? Opt… 
Star wars darth vader and stormtroopers take a selfie Statue of Liberty tshirt 
Or The “Real” Star Wars Episode 4. WITH OUT additional scenes. Original Only. 
Top Of The Table – Star Wars: Outer Rim - 
Star wars darth vader and stormtroopers take a selfie tshirt 
That tweet is equal to the level of quality seen in the 6 Star Wars 
Funko Round-Up: WWE, Overwatch, Star Wars, Pokemon, Pez, and More! 
It’s easily the least visually pleasing of the Star Wars films. That’s why I couldn’t get into it. Everything’s so muddy. 
0-Coast Tutorial: Expressive Lead Patch via I know this isn’t marvel or Star Wars… 
Porque no transmiten Star Wars Chronology.... 
As a star wars fan ....i feel shame.  You're 100% right 
Seriously, though, "May the odds NEVER be in my favor!" comes to my mind.  But it would be nice to cuddle, while bo… 
Don’t expect new Star Wars movies after #EpisodeIX: 
WHY IS STAR WARS MUSIC PLAYING AT THE BASKETBALL GAME 
How is that almost everyone is Star Wars has access to space travel, but nobody can afford some binoculars that display in HD??  
I agree. You should watch star wars lol 
Star Wars: So of the What 
Nobody hates awful Star Wars m… 
I really do like Star Wars but Last Jedi was so bad I have literally zero interest in anything new they’re planning 
Canon and continuity is important. I dislike a lot of the Star Wars EU because it's so con… 
This just in: star wars land is going to rocks, and dust. More updates to come, stay tuned 
Most charming, elegant, eloquent &amp; humble, Would you create a most proper frame for social media p… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Monopoly Limited Collectors Edition Board Game 1997  flyingtreasures 
is streaming Star Wars: The Old Republic on #Twitch #IGGaming… 
I’m just seeing all the Star Wars merch potential  
yo! Your website said the Star Wars: Outer Rim board game would be released April 20th, now it says it'… 
Star Wars The Vintage Collection Wave 5 Set of 4 3.75 Action Figure PRE-ORDER 
My senior thesis in college was on Star Wars and the hero myth. Joseph Campbell featured prominently. 
Are you sure you can trust those Genesys dice with those Star Wars riffraff? What if they’re a bad influence? 
I don’t think you can go wrong with any Star Wars music. 
I will spoil Star Wars for you now 
I’ve never disagreed w one thread more. Star Wars isn’t the best story. It’s best when it’s relatable,… 
Doesn’t Star Wars always come before homework? I mean, you’re studying to be a Jedi, right? Is there an… 
So... going back to that rough 45? Don't look like Vader. Take care of yourself and drink some water. And maybe don… 
There are no humans in Star Wars.Wrap your head around that. 
Don’t me, but for me this is how you do a Star Wars film! This how it should of flown together. Now I’m pissed. F… 
Mine too. But Spock is Star Trek, not Star Wars. 
I view this like I view Star Wars: I enjoy the originals a lot, but time has buffed o… 
Bet, gotta make that jaunt Star Wars themed 
4) Star Wars. 
Why Palpatine Had To Show Up In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker 
Check out what I'm selling on Mercari! Star Wars VHS Movie … 
Last year my 1st game was Star Wars night and it was my 1st time seeing Cain and Yelich in person. If memory serves… 
KOTOR2 is unquestionably the best Star Wars game ever, except just possibly the first one, though I haven’t played it yet 
Is this an exceptionally high week or can I always expect Star Wars content only? 
Star Wars In Concert 
#FlashbackFriday #Porg #StarWars  confined throughout the week, sits in the tea-garden of some famous  #sgp… 
Check out the large selection of #StarWars items available now from Books, movies, music, toys, and more!… 
Evil has that effect. It isn’t just something from the movies. Look at Hi… 
"Ad:" star wars gentle giant senate guard statue  flyingtreasures 
Yes, another Lego Star Wars title is coming! 
So I'm going to my 1st Brewers game of the season on May 4th. STAR WARS NIGHT. So knowing me Yelich, Moose and Gran… 
Halo CEHalo 2Star Wars Republic Commando 
4) Zahn's Star Wars: Hand of Thrawn duology (Spectre of the Past / Vision of the Future). Sci-fi, deep thoughts abo… 
I liked it. My three-year-old also pretends to like Star Wars, like a poser casual. 
When Luke tries to say his dad was a  navigator on a spice freighter, does that mean star wars could take place in Dune? 
Apparently “That’s fucking Yoda, bitch, show some goddamn RESPECT” is not an appropriate response when your 3 year… 
As y’all know... I’m a huge Star Wars fan!  Senator/Chancellor/Emperor Palpatine is one of the most developed and r… 
I agree with this!!  Plus Kylo Ren has become one of the coolest most complicated Star Wars characters yet!! 
I’m in for a Carboni-Daniels buddy cop Star Wars movie. 
Star Wars - Maple Syrup - Murder - Mayhem - this lady has it all!   
A week out from my 1st Star Wars Celebration experience and I have a thought. What drew me there was the voices. Vo… 
Captain Pike to R2D2 and PIXAR Wall-E. Go out an fix the Enterprise while we attack the Star Wars Federation droid… 
Cool!. We have several Deadpool and Star Wars Pops. Also a shit ton of… 
Can we just say that the next, and allegedly last, Star Wars movie will not in fact be the last. Can we agree on that? #StarWars 
My man and I are starting in Star Wars BFII and then moving on to ANTHEM #SCATTERGAMEDtv! COME CHECK US… 
Just wanted to say I appreciate your many works  FC Pod is my jam and I’m still hoping we see you… 
My GORGEOUS wife and I are starting in Star Wars BFII and then moving on to ANTHEM #SCATTERGAMEDtv! COM… 
-Star Wars The Old Republic for Xbox and PS4-Super Mario 64/Sunshine/Galaxy for the Switch-Portal 3-Star Wars Em… 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Might Be Introducing An Intriguing New Force Power 
Star Wars Battlefront 
If you are looking for new book recs, check these out!  "10 new science fiction and fantasy books to check out in… 
Kevin Smith went out with nothing, made a fucking great film in Clerks and has bui… 
Speaking of wonderful, I just read that Cut article you shared about Driver’s size and I couldn’t stop l… 
Me too Btw your one of my favorite female Star Wars characters &lt;3 
Me anytime there's a new Star Wars trailer. 
If you paid for a Star Wars movie after hearing “who talks first you talk first?” And where Le… 
Don't miss this rare chance to see Star Wars: A New Hope on a huge screen with John William’s full score accompanie… 
Check out Han Solo Funko Mystery Minis Star Wars Bobblehead #Funko via #ebayROCteam #newlisting 
Does this mean the star wars experience will be on the rift? 
Will say the Space battles in Star Trek Discovery is a hell of a lot better than Johnson did for Star Wars The Last… 
Will the Terminator theme be replacing the Star Wars theme during text crawl? 
I want Disney to take away the license from EA. This whole 180 comes not long after they canned (an… 
DICE RESPONDS! New Titan Mode Details! New Reinforcements, Release Date! - Star Wars Battlefront 2 StarWars 
So, the Star Wars movies, Sing, Lion King and a lot of action movies. 
 It will be very cool   For Star Wars battlefront 2 for To create their own jedi or sith characters with their own customization 
Hear &amp; me nerd out over the teaser trailer for Star Wars Episode Nine: The Rise of Skywalker, plus… 
Bad photo.  BUT volunteer security at FanX in Salt Lake City...Warwick Davis for the win!!!  Willow, Leprechaun, St… 
Star Wars episode 2&amp;3 showing on Showcase on Hayden Christensen's birthday is perfect  
You don't know the power of the dark side... may the paws be with you! #cat #tees #StarWars via 
Wait, is this a controversial opinion? Lemme… 
Watching Star Wars: Episode III - The Revenge of the Sith is mood ! 
#StarWars Jedi: Fallen Order Writer Influenced By The Clone Wars And Rebels 
“I feel so lucky at this point to have been able to play Chewbacca in four Star Wars films!” - Joonas Suotamo at… 
You should also stand by your comments of him and others obsessing over Star Wars and Superheros mak… 
Incidentally, I feel bad because I haven't been able to get some of my posts done as quickly as I have wanted to, e… 
Standing Up For the Bullied Star Wars Guy 
our Star Wars night! 
So much shiny in this pic!  Thanks bigapplecollectibles for helping with the Blue Chromes!… 
Hearing &amp; taking Star wars#WhatILearnedToday 
real words that just came out of brooklyn’s mouth: why do you want to watch free solo? i thought you didn’t like star wars 
Yeah I was thinking about this and Star Wars (Poe and Finn need to kiss so hard) and every time I lo… 
We talk #StarWars #ChildsPlay #HobbsandShaw #TheBoys #SwampThing #GameofThrones #TheWitcher #Halo and more on this… 
Tomorrow here in Sao Paulo, Brazil, I will watch Star Wars in Concert my favorite movie: "A New Hope" 
I saw empire strikes back first. Star Wars was permanently sold out at the library 
"Ad:" Star Wars Celebration 2019 - Kotobukiya R2-R9 and R2-B1 ARTFX+ statues 2-pack  flyi… 
"Ad:" 2019 Star Wars Celebration Exclusive Darth Maul Spider Statue  flyingtreasures 
Okay, here it is. Avengers Endgame is 3hours 0 minutes and 57 seconds long.  Credits start at 2:48:56 with the craw… 
Since Disney owns Star Wars, I would rather see this. 
"Ad:" Disneyland Star Wars C3PO Sugar Skull Tee Shirt Sci fi Cyberpunk Art Deco Robots  f… 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - Trailer 1 
Having just come home from Star Wars Celebration, this makes me so excited for you! 
We are LIVE in #StarWarsBattlefrontII right meow! Join the stream creatures of the Star Wars universe:… 
Wang said that for awhile he was really angry with Star Wars. "There was no Asian representation...I sit here and l… 
Though he's known for his role in Star Trek, Wang said Star Wars was his first fandom. "I just fell in love with it… 
I always say this but if I have one complaint for the newer Star Wars flims it’s that we didn’t get a Solo/Skywalke… 
Come checkout the stream tonight at 9:30 PM EST! It will be another fun filled evening of Star Wars Battlefront II! 
The Star Wars Emperor is enjoying all ya'll Star Trek Discovery discord. 
I'm so glad I'm not the only adult afflicted with this. I'm going to see Marvel and Star Wars movies… 
d20 star wars (r2 version too) 
You should have seen me go full yarn and cork board with when we put this together. 
It joins the ranks of Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. 
How Revenge of the Sith is the best Star Wars movie of the franchise 
"Ad:" John Williams American Composer Signed Autograph 3x5 Index Card Star Wars Jaws  fly… 
Or $70/year. With two Star… 
These were nice additions to the Star Wars Pop Pez line. 
#FlashbackFriday #Porg #StarWars  "I just did it for fun," he explained.  "I'd give my chance in  #nra #MAGAMEETUP 
Watching Star Wars for the fist time 
Yooo, streaming some Star Wars.  
The countdown to Star Wars prom has begun!  Are you ready Little 
Love the old Star Wars cover print... used to have that book. 
hey guys i am just wondering after jedi fallen order is there going to be more star wars g… 
Star Wars Self-Stirring Travel Mug: This Is The Coffee Mug You Are Looking For! 
The original 3 Star Wars DVDs ! 
The awesomeness here is that between the Star Wars and Orioles shirts, no complaints from me. 
I’m so here for the / Star Wars crossover 
Can't wait to see Darth Sidious again! 
Nothing organic.  Truth is, even in my limited musical days, I never was a huge boy band fa… 
So... I'm looking at the Star Wars timeline, and it's just... Darth Vader was 40 or 41 when the 1st Death Star was… 
It’s not like the model of success isn’t there. Get a show runner. Get a Star War… 
Did Luke die a virgin? 
The buildup to this film reminds of the buildup to the star wars: episode one , where we were give… 
Cast and creators of 'The Mandalorian' share details of highly-anticipated new 'Star Wars' show 
I know we have a while to go before they hit theaters but feel free to post all Star Wars and Endgame spoilers. I d… 
Jack, u need a separate Twitter for when u morph into a 13 yr old Star Wars nerd. One… 
I matched with a dude and we’re talking Star Wars. God bless America. 
If the original series Star Wars came out in 2018 we'd be subjected to a million nerd threads about why Darth Vader… 
Amazon &gt;&gt; Star Wars Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker Logo T-Shirt 
Am not cool enough for #SciFiChat Didn't buy anything star wars or star trek. I like comic books with #cartoons m… 
I really liked this one....Star Wars Episode IX - Teaser REACTION AT CELEBRATION!!! #TheRiseofSkywalker 
Difference is that Lucas is no longer part of the Star Wars Franchise... sooooo Doubt… 
Star Wars called, they asked if you would please give Yoda back. We miss him. 
I guess some hated it cuz they thought it was... unnecessary? But wouldn’t that argument make every… 
Star Wars 
Who is your favorite Star Wars character? Mine is Sy Snootles! #sysnootles #zirothehutt Jabba's Palace 
Star Wars  #ThingsIHaventOutgrown 
Sorry mate. Gotta disagree. Rogue One and Solo not having title crawls I feel gave them more of the… 
Bro I dont care if you like Star Wars, Marvel, Pokemon, TMNT, etc. You shouldn't be called cringey and get flamed f… 
Meet Nicole our resident Wondrous Word Slinger Nicole has been a part of OBI since 2011 starting as a freelanc… 
Top Of The Table – Star Wars: Outer Rim 
Star Wars: Outer Rim is Fantasy Flight's latest addition to the sprawling fiction. It does an awesome job nailing t… 
If it comes true. WOW Orlando going be waiting a long time for Star Wars land to be 'full armed and operational' St… 
The new Star Wars: Outer Rim board game sends players to the edge of the galaxy to earn fame as characters like Han… 
I recently had to do the same thing as twitter isn't allowing me to follow more than 5,000. I suppo… 
I mean, science fantasy is kind of a sub-genre of both fantasy &amp; SF. Like Star Wars or His Dark Materials. 
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker teaser set to What's Up Danger from Spider-Verse 
The entire Star Wars franchise is tedious and George Lucas is like if a damp pillowcase was a person… 
Def on the Unreal Tournament and several of the Star Wars games. I think you can LAN the older battlefi… 
Side note, this isn't war, it's a guy putting a lot of passion into… 
Check out Princess Lei Funko Mystery Minis Star Wars Bobblehead Gamestop Exclusive #Funko v… 
Maratona do Star Wars  
My first ever Star Wars cosplay I’ve done and I debuted it this past weekend for Celebration. 
Freddie Prinze Jr. Decided Kanan’s Fate For ‘Star Wars Rebels’ #kanan #starwarsrebels #jedi… 
Your honesty and your earnestness are teo of the things we love about you and you… 
We’ve checked prices on all these Collector Series Star Wars and they’re all down to between $30 and $50!… 
When I was a kid, I got sick one day, and my dad left me at the house with the original Star Wars Trilogy. Watched… 
Oh yeah, I know that one! Definitely wondering if those Action Battle sets are fun—the whole most recen… 
idc about star wars though, it isnt that amazing. 
#DeathBattleCast In the Star Fox games the ships can take some damage before they get destroyed, in st… 
In partnership with is releasing custom bottles of and… 
Hahahaha, I'm sure it's a ton of crazy surprising attention, but I hope you know by now how supported… 
Probably the reason they won’t take away EA’s Star Wars license 
#FridayReads #Porg #StarWars #Jedi #RebelAlliance    to carry Lesponts over obstacles, and he went ahead.  #ccot… 
I loved that movie as a kid. My grandma has it on VHS and it had my cousins and I rolling on the floor in… 
It’s a win win for me. I don’t want assholes in my fandom AND Star Wars is still so awesome to me… 
The “Sisters Of The Force” Star Wars Collection debuted at Star Wars Celebration and is now available online.… 
so ur saying the famous Star Wars quote "Luke I am your father" is just something someone sai… 
Star Wars did virtually nothing for James Earl Jones at the time… 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 Funny Moments - Hilarious Game Fails and Glitches! - 
I know right? It’s like the original trilogy can do no wrong. Though I’m of the rare minority that t… 
While I sure don't disagree, I wish people would stop qualifying the stuff put out after the buyout as "Disney's St… 
When stayed with us, we discussed and my Valentine's Day tradition of building a Star War… 
‘Star Wars:The Rise Of Skywalker’ Characters Might Be Returning In Future Films 
I know, I was totally joking. Trust me, I have waited three years between Star Wars movies more th… 
Every time I get on Twitter and I see a bunch of stupid sexist douchebag man-baby Star Wars "fans" with their bad t… 
Hey Ryan and Robby have you watched this video? Standing Up For the Bullied Star Wars Guy v… 
Disney Parks: 
Star Wars Galaxies til I die 
Ahhhhh 1500 followers! This is so cool—thanks to everyone for being so supportive of this fangirl. I’m looking forw… 
I shared this with my Star Wars friends. Thank you for being all of us 
Oh goodness no My system is "Only Star Wars published from 1977-2012, and within that sphere, onl… 
Star Wars is space opera, not sci-fi. 
Who else can't wait to fly the #MillenniumFalcon at #GalaxysEdge this summer at #Disneyland? Be sure to book your s… 
Check out Star Wars Tickets Lot of 5 Galaxy Premiere Limited Edition Special Numbered Case  via 
What?! We love comic books and Star Wars lol 
Neeed to #ImpMyRide! Star Wars Stormtrooper Vent Clip Air Freshener 
This will save Star Wars 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 Funny Moments - Hilarious Midair Blunders and Hero Glitches! - 
They don't see it as the end. 
Rogue One melhor star Wars com folga 
Digital Marketing, Podcasting, Star Wars, Capitals Hockey, Harry Potter, or the Walking Dead.  So many things to tweet about. 
Rex's Journey From Star Tours To The Black Spire At Star Wars Galaxy's Edge Revealed 
"Ad:" Star Wars Han Solo Gentle Giant 1/6 12" Limited Edition Statue Sculpture  flyingtre… 
My brain is mush now I need to go read a YA Star Wars book or something now. 
Which Star Wars soundtrack has the best opening crawl? 
Star Wars:22 Facts You Need to Know from Celebration 2019 #starwars 
#Hasbro #StarWarsCelebration2019 Exclusives – Darth Maul &amp; Obi-Wan Kenobi Figures 
Your last sentence is key here and why that feature won’t work. I don’t want to mute “Star Wars”, I… 
NEW CAPITAL SUPREMACY GAMEPLAY! ARC Trooper, Droid Commando! - Star Wars Battlefront 2 Update StarWars 
Enjoy a moment of reflection on the events of lateStar Wars, Sekiro Controversy, Bioware Problems, &amp; More Line of… 
Happy birthday to Mr Tim Curry! I think he's an actor or somethin. Can't wait to see him in Star Wars Ep 9 
John Boyega Reveals Why He Was Pumped About Finn's New Costume In Star Wars: The Rise Of ... 
Holo tech is pretty much IMO the future(Even star wars had some stuff like that). I dunno about the trek… 
I guess it's not like Star Wars hasn't seen some on the fly revision before. There's no way Lucas initial… 
Get your butts in here right now! Chatting then some Star Wars: The Old Republic! 
Whatever. Quit acting like the so-called "expert" of #StarWars. I've seen the sequels and they suck.… 
The temp job led to a permanent position at the company where I am now, that wasn't until… 
I agree completely, even if you don’t like the ST Star Wars brings us together. If you’re going to be d… 
Same here. My all time most wanted Star Wars film. 
Its like Rey in Star Wars. 0 flaws, started wrong, makes no real mistakes, and does n… 
anybody read that series of star wars eu books abt ferus olin gathering the surviving jedi after order 66 and build… 
Except for #RevengeoftheSith I didn't pay much attention to the Prequ… 
Harry Potter and Star Wars 
It's, ahm, a joke... Star Wars is a movie series. 
 I just have to point out that since that was Ewan McGregor, every… 
Star Wars:Episode IX Is Really Aiming To Please Fans Of The Original Trilogy, And It's Working… 
I love your podcasts! I listen while I am at work and it really gives me a l… 
yeah boi, star wars aint that great, we been waiting for shinobi story for so long 
HOT TOYS STAR WARS Matryoshka Chubby Series 2 LUKE SKYWALKER Set Magnet Feet 
Star Wars Celebration 2019 Flipped the Script on Toxic Fandom via 
On a new #CoffeeWithKenobi: The #StarWarsCelebration Chicago 'Covering #StarWars Panel' featuring 
I did drinking game marathons in college that involved taking a sip whenever Star… 
Just imagine if Disney announces that the opening of WDW’s Star Wars land will be delayed.  
Why the problem with Star Wars ??  Star Trek is great, Star Wars is great. Not a point of contenti… 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Reportedly Features A Trippy New Force Ability - 
From last night's episode I see STD timeline doesn't exist. It's all the virtual signaling that women m… 
Apparently some of you new followers are not aware 
Still haunted by the classical musician I interviewed who said she'd played on a bunch of soundtracks, including a… 
I knew it! As soon as you mentioned a project you couldn't share I thought "Megan got her Star Wars!… 
You seem to have missed the fact that Star Wars is a fantasy space opera, not a hard sci-fi series. 
Rare use of slo-mo in Star Wars. Effective. 
Star Wars: Drops one short trailer with 1.5 shots of Kylo Ren.Me in Goofy’s voice: Oh boy! Here I go being trash again. 
"Ad:" Comics: Star Wars Vader Down #1 Asia Pop Comicon Exclusive Variant NM MEGA RARE plus 2… 
Glad that you got to meet both Adam and Keri, love Keri, sinc… 
Star Wars The Black Series Expanded Universe 0-0-0 Triple Zero 6" Action Figure PRE-ORDER 
Mark Hamill Didn&amp;#39;t Know The Last Jedi&amp;#39;s Ending? (SPOILERS) - Star Wars Theory Revealed &amp; Explained! StarW... 
For our #reylo shippers like 
Made this Mandalorian (from Star Wars) drawing, I’m proud of it, also for a warrior race Mandalorians have shit arm… 
I've noticed the binding on a lot of the oversized Star Wars reference materials are disappointingly poor … 
Also the new star wars movies are awesome and the only mockery is that which you have made of yourself. 
That’s 100% speculation though. Until the movies come out Anakin is the chosen one and if… 
I don't give a damn. A pale imitation of one of the best eras in Star Wars to bleed the franchise dry. 
A pipe dream for me is a Star Wars fighting game made by Arc System Works and has Kyle Katarn playable...but I can… 
Pra mim ele sempre vai ser o Starkiller do Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 
Nah. TLJ was a beautiful continuation of the franchis… 
Wveryone go check these guys out! They are awesome and a really nice group of Star Wars fas! Can’t w… 
working on a video for school on why star wars is about vietnam... 
Star Wars Party 
Last night I went to a Ben Rector concert in Salt Lake City and it was probably the whitest thing I’ve ever been pa… 
I need someone that loves Star Wars and nerd shit as much as I do. 
Lucasfilm Publishing Reveals Upcoming Star Wars Books at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 
I was never a big Star Wars fan, but the Old Republic was always more interesting to me than the newe… 
I suddenly want GaGa in my Star Wars. 
Tfw follows Star Wars 
Vader has faith you’ll join the Star Wars Club… or does he…? 
#StarWars' Mark Hamill Confirms Whether Luke Died A Virgin Or Not - 
From Star Wars Night to Dog Day, we have our Opening Homestand covered. Which games will we see you at this May? Fo… 
can you please follow me I love love your live str… 
Star Wars would be vastly improved if Mace Windu had called Anakin a “Dense Motherfucker” at least once 
"Ad:" Kotobukiya Star Wars Celebration 2019 ArtFX R2-R9 &amp; R2-B1 Exclusive Statue Set  fly… 
Star TrekMass EffectAnything Star Wars 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Darth Vader 75534  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Mandalorian Battle Pack Set 7914 NEW  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" LEGO SET #75189 Star Wars First Order Heavy Assault Walker - Brand New  flyingtreas… 
I'd like to see Disney being a house of ideas again more than a house of IPsHonestly I'm… 
Q&amp;A with LEGO Star Wars Creative Director 
A nice Domain video related to Star Wars Undercover Boss: Starkiller Base - SNL 
Hmmm, back then, I'd have to say Tex Murphy, Star Wars: X-Wing, Wing Commander, Doom, Wolfenstein 3D, t… 
He wants trek to be star wars. 
Star Wars Jedi knight 2  
Rey proposed to Kylo Ren at Star Wars Celebration Chicago #reylo #rings #movie #starwars 
Happy birthday to It was such a pleasure meeting you last week. I believe we have similar tastes regard… 
The piss saber in Star Wars. 
What would you have asked LEGO Star Wars Creative Director? 
Happy Birthday to the Pit Boss!!!  When I stumbled across you and #colliderjedicouncil in the summer of… 
Star Wars IX: Star Wars VIII Was Only a Bad Dream (Thank the Force) 
There's no excuse anymore with Hasbro's pre-order , ship di… 
Everyone who’s ever watched star wars in human history is absolutely dirt poor. No exceptions. Only I can save… 
Who trynna watch the new Star Wars w me 
John Boyega Reveals Why He Was Pumped About Finn’s New Costume In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker 
Star Wars died of estrogen poisoning. 
yeah star wars is a kids movie so that makes sense 
Star Wars!  
I love that Ray-chan likes Star Wars  
"Ad:" Carrie Fisher Star Wars Rare Signed Autograph Best Photo wCoa  flyingtreasures 
All of these reasons, behind the scenes and in the story, add up to make this my favorite change to the Star Wars m… 
#StarWars will always be about the originals. Novelties and new characters will always be welcome, such as… 
Parks and Recreation - Patton Oswalt's Star Wars Filibuster (Extended Cut) via 
I still have some minor gripes about the prequels, but I agree, this change made a lot of sense.Mayb… 
The next thing I did was try The Void. I did the Star Wars experience. It was cool! Having real walls, mist… 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: POP TEE #71 STAR WARS T  SHIRT. via #shopmycloset 
We a wanted this. True Star Wars fans wanted this and deserved to have this. Disney are the sith and beyond. 
Resistant fighter?? Does he think he’s in a Star Wars movie? Sad angry individual. 
Its #Friday stop what you are doing and head over to #TheSpidersLair, #WhereChaosResides, to listen to #THERAT host… 
Saw the Trailer for "Star Wars Episode 9 The Rise of Skywalker." Otherwise know as "Star Wars Episode 9 The Emperor's new grove." 
Although I was not able to attend Celebration, my favorite stream movement was when the… 
#FreeCodeFriday I have 2 steams keys to give away. One for Sim City 4 DeluxeAndOne for Star Wars Kotor II S… 
.. I mean I want them back in the same way I want the Dark Side in Star Wars to be strong ... so I can root against… 
The terrible thing about being a Star Wars fan now is all of the Relyo TRASH that pops up on my newsfeed. 
Star Wars Episode IX:How George Lucas Helped with The Rise of Skywalker  #jedi #story… 
There is no storytelling weight or value to Shaw as the ghost if you look at Star Wars as a saga about the Skywalke… 
Caleb did a great job playing the Star Wars theme song at his piano recital last night! Proud of this kid.    … 
Emiaj the Irritated, Hoarder of Timbits and Star Wars notebooks. 
I showed my 16 year old son (named Anakin), whose favorite Star Wars movie is Revenge of the Sith, the unaltered ve… 
First off, not even getting into the story, this change makes a lot of sense for George Lucas behind the scenes.F… 
See the new trailer?  The Alien Offensive has the GEEK culture you crave at:  We… 
Thanks to I wanted to offer a thread to talk about why I think this is my favorite change to the… 
Mark Hamill Claims Luke Skywalker Didn't Die a Virgin in 'Star Wars' 
"Star wars movies are for children"Nope.Didn't use to be like 
Just discovered there are fan modded servers running Star Wars Galaxies. So, that's what I'm gonna be doing while I… 
Lucasfilm Planned on Bringing Back Palpatine Since Force Awakens 
How do you think being in Star Wars in the 70s  would compare with being in the Beatles in the 60s? #StarWars 
Tweets 2 days old, and I still can't find any adult interested in the… 
Kathleen Kennedy Doesn't See #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker As An End - 
Fans Were Out in Full Force at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 
and come to terms with their fandom for Star Wars in the latest episode. 
Lime by Star Wars   | metal posters - Displate - 
Man, it’s a buzzkill to come back from 5 days of Star Wars/SWTOR induced euphoria to dramaland… 
They're also offering discounted tickets to "Empire Strips Back" which is a star wars stripper show and this came t… 
We made it a thing to have C.J. watch Star Wars at my place.  That shit doesn't even work to get him to watch something. 
It's not even that it's more intense or whatever as much as it is that they occupy t… 
Her: “Wait, are you a Jedi or a Sith?”Me, wearing my Star Wars shirt: “Jedi.”Her: “I can tell by the twinkle in your eye.” 
I would doubt it. It doesn't seem as though the animated iterations of Star Wars are things JJ pays tha… 
Who knew that 20 years later, there would be a Storm Trooper in St… 
The Star Wars News Roundup for April 19, 2019 
The Star Wars News Roundup for April 19, 2019 Star Wars news for the week of April 19, 20… 
I was trying to lean it and go all the way SCI-FI. If we’re including Star Wars in that, then of course it’s number one 
It was. Poor guy just likes Star Wars. I don’t have a prob… 
Thanks! It's not for another 2 weeks.  Star Wars Day! 
Totally didn't realize it was Friday until someone told me. I'm still in that weird time zone that occurs at Star W… 
Beware of frauds! There are many people on Twitter CONSTANTLY asking for money. Especially those monetizing off Sta… 
Take a Have a look at New and Unique Merchandise for Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge at Toydarian Toymaker, Creature Stall… 
From a weekend far far away from the joins me to talk about Star Wars Celebration! We ta… 
It would start with the importance of public health and bounce around to various health policy/healthcare topics be… 
I'm watching Star Wars Resistance 1x10 "Station Theta Black" #trakt 
Welp. Sounds like we should form a panel in the future, "Things We Either Knew and Forgot or Never Kn… 
Check out STAR WARS COLLECTOR SERIES C-3PO HASBRO KENNER ACTION FIGURE FIGURINE 12" NIB #Kenner via 
Everything We Know About the Final Season of ‘Star Wars:The Clone Wars’ #coruscant… 
Ok but hear me out: what if, instead of flowers, it was Marvel and Star Wars characters? 
1977: Star Wars, start to finish. 
Mark Levin's rant about volume II is like watching someone angry at Empire Strikes Back for ending with a c… 
Check out this article about action figures! The pod gets a nice shout 
This is the thing I’ve been heavily hinting at for the past few weeks. Anyone who knows me knows that working on St… 
THERE ARE NO JOKES IN STAR WARS, STEVE. THERE IS ONLY THE FORCE. 
Mark Hamill Talks About His Love Of Trolling Star Wars Fans 
THATS THE STAR WARS ATTITUDE 
"Ad:" Fantasy: NEW! A Star Wars Story Force Link 2.0 Quay Tolsite 3.75" Action Figure RARE 
"Ad:" Comics: Star Wars The Last Command SC TPB Trade Paperback OOP 1st Printing Rare!  f… 
If I'm binge watching them? Chronological order. I don't think of them in release order vs chronological… 
Ideas, ideas. Still can't wait until December to finally see this series come full circle.Now we need to finish t… 
That last tweet could also be directed at people who are *way* into the dark side or whatever in Star Wars. 
We asked if he could impersonate any Star Wars characters...Deadline for Star Wars t-shirt ticket… 
Feel The force, Storm Trooper t-shirt, Star Wars 
Star Wars FanartPostcardP150 
My 5yr old is heartbroken that his grandpa had to put down their beloved black lab yesterday. To console/distract m… 
Ashley has an interesting theory: it's not a person #ForceFridays#StarWars… 
Anyone who doesn't say K2SO does not appreciate the best Star Wars universe film. 
All of it!! We are so hyped for all things Star Wars#ForceFridays#StarWars#StarWarsCelebration 
Star Wars The Black Series Archive Anakin Skywalker 6" Action Figure PRE-ORDER 
The official #StarWars #TheCloneWars #AhsokaTano teaser poster t-shirt is available to order now from (Ref… 
I think it's the only bit of Star Wars music on vinyl I DON'T have. I need to correct this. 
"Ad:" Star Wars C3PO, R2-D2 &amp; BB-8 Force Awakens Artfx+ statue/figure-Kotobukiya-NIB  fly… 
"Ad:" Star Wars JEDI LUKE SKYWALKER Artfx+ statue/figure-ROTJ-Kotobukiya-NIB  flyingtreas… 
"Ad:" Star Wars: Armada Board Game Fantasy Flight Games Sealed in Box  flyingtreasures 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars BB-8 2017 (75187)  flyingtreasures 
Will you build a star wars lands, here in KANSAS CITY area? 
I was asked to do a catering job on May 4th. Can I make only Star Wars themed foods? 
Disney Reveals Extra New Merchandise Coming to Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge 
Let's be clear - it is a fascist militia. They are right about that. Sounds an awful lot like the stormtroopers tha… 
So, I legit teared up reading this.  
May the Fourth Be With You PRINTABLE, Star Wars Quote, Party Printable, Inner Strength, May the 4th, Party Poster,… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars REBELS Agent Kallus - Custom Vintage Style Cardback, RARE!  flyi… 
Like Star Wars? We talked all about romance in Star 
Vintage Sears Star Wars Iron On Tshirt- Medium  via eBay 
Full disclosure, sometimes I pretend to be an immortal force user named Alkordian the Weird in an MMORPG that's Sta… 
Twelve of my characters are on Star Forge, but I vaguely remember that I think Star Wars was one of those… 
Star Wars Labby crossover?!?! I’m in love.  
It’s Friday so let’s recap: Eric Butts is the modern Star Wars fan that deserves absolutely no shaming or name ca… 
Hey look...star wars and coffee. Perfect lol  
Fans Were Out in Full Force at Star Wars Celebration Chicago #Star Wars 
How Much Would It Cost To Build The Death Star in Real Life? - Star Wars Revealed and Explained StarWars 
These are really cool! is doing a throwback to the OG #StarWars trading cards for #TheRiseofSkywalker. Only… 
OMG what if Star Wars were 200% more Glam? God, I couldn't stand it. 
Star Wars Imperial Jump trooper exclusive Black Series action figure received in Fan mail. To watch this video just… 
'Reylo endgame would be a diluted conclusion to a striking story of female empowerment for some Star Wars fans.'I… 
On a date me and the girl were watching Star Wars Episode I and kissing. At a particular scene I stopped… 
I queued up to see Star Wars on its first day at the Manchester Odeon. 
Had a dream last night that I saw Star Wars IX, and the entire plot was that a space field trip of 3rd grade kids f… 
Put your Star Wars toy back 
What’s the deal with cargo shorts? Enlighten me please... I’ve owned several pair for years but I te… 
Pittsburgh Nerd Podcast We talk about Star Wars trailer that was released this week and all sorts of Star Wars dis… 
Today I can't stop longing for the boys' alternate Solo movie, an adaptation of Cannonball Run wit… 
Salty Language 402 - Pym Hand Strong This week  we are live again and discussing storage, Bryan's t-shirts, Star W… 
Not sure how I feel about the new Star Wars trailer. Can Disney redeem how poorly they've managed The Force Awakens… 
Who should check out my latest podcast? Well, you should. We cover Marvel, Star Wars, and DC Universe news includ… 
The ultimate pleasure would be the new Star Wars cast destroying a bunch of the worst 'fans' in a battle royale cage match. 
Avengers, Star wars...and many more 
As a child of the Cold War, I am completely appalled and yet amazed by this.  Remember the arms rac… 
But would it be Star Wars without an unnecessary monster tries to eat the leads sequence? 
Star Wars clone wars shirtThe post Star Wars clone wars shirt appeared first on Closet Shirts.The trailer finis… 
Looking forward to Han Force Ghost.I guess that would work for Star Wars, too. 
Star Wars Darth Vader and Stormtroopers take a selfie shirtThe post Star Wars Darth Vader and Stormtroopers take… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: STAR WARS STAR TOURS SERIES 3 CHIP &amp; DALE AS EWOKS NIP VERY RARE DISNEY 2009 
‘Star Wars’ actor Mark Hamill says Luke Skywalker didn’t die a virgin #FoxNews 
Me it has to be Star wars and all the fast and furios 
I uploaded a new episode, "Star Wars Saga ed. "We shot first!" S2 Ep.20 "Gadiators!"", on #spreaker #d20 #dawn… 
George Lucas names his favorite 'Star Wars' character and fans are outraged 
They don't have to be. Star Wars can have large, sprawling adve… 
What's your favorite comic book arc, favorite Star Wars book, and favorite non-nerd book? #TwitterGang 
Drooling for star wars? No wonder you spout globe nonsense. 
Star Wars Instagram - you'll never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy 
No. They are different Star Wars movies. There is a no way an opening crawl would work for them 
indeed.and so EXCITING Cameron really did not "GET" A L I E N ,Same way Abrams/Johnson do NOT GET Star Wars 
‘Star Wars’ actor Mark Hamill says Luke Skywalker didn’t die a virgin 
A Domainer video about Star Wars Undercover Boss: Starkiller Base - SNL 
Reminds me why I love Star Wars 
"Ad:" Star Wars Episode I Pod Racer Liquid Blue Men's Sz Med Vintage Tie Dye NWT  flyingt… 
Not giving a choice ladies and gents, he is coming with me to Star Wars Celebration next year whether… 
It's just a nit-pick cause it seemed a bit unrealistic but other than… 
‘Star Wars’ actor Mark Hamill says Luke Skywalker didn’t die a 
"Ad:" Beast Kingdom Egg Attack Action Shadow Trooper "Star Wars" EAA-018 Statue Figure  f… 
Hey, Guys I just upload a new video today. You can check it out if you want or not. (07) Star Wars Commander Attack… 
Hosted By MFrazz: ‘Star Wars’ actor Mark Hamill says Luke Skywalker didn’t die a virgin 
‘Star Wars’ actor Mark Hamill says Luke Skywalker didn’t die a virgin | Fox News 
Bob Hudsol, the only Bob in the entire Star Wars galaxy. #bobhudsol 
"‘Star Wars’ actor Mark Hamill says Luke Skywalker didn’t die a virgin" via FOX NEWS #timbeta #betaajudabeta #timbetalab 
"Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker" Trailer Breakdown &amp; Theories 
Just watched The Last Jedi and now my Star Wars boner is back HOLY FUCK 
REALLY? Best sequence in any Star Wars film?  
Episode is epic. Only issue is I cannot understand where 198 shuttles and other craft… 
You’re labelling all Liberal voters in #Warringah as “storm troopers”, which no doubt i… 
Happy Easter, everyone!For a treat, here's Digital Spy's guide to some of the best Easter Eggs in modern film:… 
#HighFiveDay  #Porg #StarWars  other things, I hold painfully in mind a certain singular  #2a #nra #sgp #nra #rnc 
"Ad:" Fantasy: RARE LAST ONES! STAR WARS MULE AND 2 WAGONS KENNER L.F.L.1983 RARE MINT! … 
Avengers (2012) - I genuinely believe (&amp; I may be biased) that 2012's Avengers is this generation's 1977-Star Wars.… 
I don't like the sequels .... They got star wars brand on it 
Now the hard part. I’m not eager for more #StarTrekDiscovery I hope they take their time. Michael comes off as a St… 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars 75227: Darth Vader Bust - Target Exclusive 2019  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Jabba's Palace 9516 - NIB Factory Sealed, Great Condition!  FlyingTr… 
Star wars Tatooine republic tshirt 
the GIF was supposed to represent 2 elements from Star Wars Return Of The Jedi (1983 movie). It has… 
I agree, Unfortunately all of Star Wars has to be connected for some reason.Remember when Anakin built C3… 
Wishing a very Happy 38th Birthday to Hayden Christensen!! Thank you for bringing my favorite Star Wars character… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: VERY RARE Star Wars "64th Power of The Force Coin" Vintage Style Nein Nunb POTF… 
Star Wars fans in May 1983 are cringing really hard right now. Hope this works out for them. 
Our 100th Episode: Celebrating 100 with Star Wars Celebration is now live! #NowPlaying #Podernfamily #Podcast… 
I was in college when the first Star Wars came out. Worked with a guy who would drop ac… 
...is still waiting for a CW4 character in Star Wars canon. 
May the shopping be with you: French supermarket tests robot deliveryFour decades after R2-D2 delivered a vital me… 
Five of mine: Pirates of the Caribbean (favourite franchise ever), Star Wars, Marvel (started watching t… 
Petition for all new Star Wars droids to be voiced by SNL alumni. 
Star Wars: The Old Republic 
Star Wars Battlefront on PS4 had one. But I want all of the original X-Wing PC game in VR. X-Wing and Batt… 
Finally had some time to post a few pictures from Star Wars Celebration! Had an epic time and am still recovering.… 
When George Lucas sold Star Wars 
I cant stop watching star wars 
Imagine battlefront with battlefield’s am… 
Okay, so. Regarding Star Wars, kinda' meh on "Rise of Skywalker" due to the dissapointment of The Last Jedi, but ac… 
Roger!!!!!I have just seen you hated star wars!!????Wtf… 
I must get better at Star Wars BattleFront 2 so my roommate doesn’t hate me anymore when I let him die. But for now, I go to sleep.  
You do realise star wars films were always popcorn flicks with simple plots and cool speci… 
Star Wars The Clone Wars Season 6 New Trailer! via 
NWT Star Wars Loungefly Ski Knit Hat Darth Vader Storm Troopers Black White 
Implying the Star Wars prequels weren't amazing to begin with 
This kid reminds me of the other girl's tweet about how the men of today… 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: Thousand Year DoorZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: ManiaMetroid: FusionResident… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars 1983 Vintage Return of The Jedi Vinyl Case and rare 1982 Empire case… 
If I were a character in the Star Wars universe I would be Han Solo meets Lando. 
Star Wars fans check out this amazing lady's stream of Star Wars The Old Republic!  She is fast becoming my all-tim… 
Since Star Wars Episode 9 is coming out I'd thought I'd share some interesting trivia… 
Kylo is one of my absolute favorite characters in STAR WARS...His character has grown to be a great villain. And… 
Maybe trepidation is a good thing though.I love all of Star Wars. All of it. I’m just excited about Star Wars aga… 
I really hard on shooting star wars christmas eve you been in physics hoped 
 THE GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY MOVIES ARE SOME OF THE MOST BRILLIANTLY UNIQUE FILMS OF OUR TIME AND SHOULD BE TREA… 
i personally am not really a huge fan of star wars, but i think his reaction was absolutely precious… 
Pop!® Star Wars Tarfful™/Unhooded Emperor™/Utapau Clone Trooper™ Vinyl Bobble-Heads Variety Pack 3 ct Box 
I'm watching Star Wars: Resistance right now, and Kaz is the worst spy I have ever heard of. Was the Res… 
honestly i'd really like to do something i like star wars a looot 
"Ad:" Attakus Star Wars Elite Collection Limited Darth Vader Porcelain Statue BNIB  Flyin… 
The people who make vague platitudes about "violence is always bad" are somehow able to watch Star Wars and root fo… 
"Ad:" 2 IN HAND - LEGO 75227 Darth Vader Bust - Star Wars Celebration 2019 Exclusive  Fly… 
"Ad:" Official Lego Star Wars TIE Fighter 9492 Unopened New  FlyingTreasures 
Played plenty of (and DMed even more) Star Wars d20 games though. Highly competent Gungan sniper? Check. Not-at-all… 
Podcast Post!askjoelandryan: Big ol' double episode where Ryan and Joel discuss all your summer movie delights! The… 
I’m all for this but did not expect Binary sunset from Star Wars a new hope to play 
The ST:TNG table is one of the great joys of pinball. Not better than Addams Family, but lives in the… 
Star Wars Vintage R2-D2 Restoration Kenner / Meccano 1978 via 
In 1976 George Lucas published STAR WARS: FROM THE ADVENTURES OF LUKE SKYWALKER. Six months later STAR WARS: EPISOD… 
Star wars next ?  
"Ad:" STAR WARS STYLE GUIDE - Licensee ART LUCASFILM RARE Employee  FlyingTreasures 
Kylo Ren fanart by J4-arts on DeviantArt | Star Wars: Episodes 1-∞ 
Star Wars has sucked balls for 20 years. This nerd doesn’t make anything better. 
I think I could do Star Wars, women’s baseball, or why you should vaccinate your spawn... 
It is easily the most I’ve enjoyed a Star Wars Film and I think it is a genuinely excellent movie, as embarrassing… 
Hahahahaha, no. I'm just a big Indiana Jones and Star Wars fan and had mentioned both. 
400 tweets wherein I explain, in detail, the various ways in which I would peg each Star Wars character 
That’s something I love about… 
Alright, time to beg the question. Are you excited for Star Wars IX: The Rise of Skywalker 
Imperfect Funko POP Second-hand TV: Harry Alice Horror Movie Nightmare Star Wars Walking Dead Harley Figure Toy Che… 
Look I could say “Star Wars” But if you follow me I think you already know the answer is “pegging” 
The day Star Wars fans aren't outraged over something will be the day of the apocalypse. 
I want to get them, BUT I feel like it's just a quick cash grab by to flood the market with m… 
Shaak Ti is the Kenny of Star Wars 
#1 way to freak out an english major: pick a work with a sufficiently large canon of literature and compare the tim… 
Star Wars lost the plot when Disney bought the franchise... 
1. fight club2. pulp fiction3. love rosie4. big hero 65. star wars 
*Insert Star Wars pun here*Episode 16 is live now!! 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 - NEW YODA GAMEPLAY TIPS! In-Depth Guide of Abilities! Heroes vs Villains! StarWars 
I have a Gort from The Day the Earth Stood Still and a K2SO from Star Wars Rogue One but they just stand there. 
1990s Star Wars Expanded Universe Novels 
"Ad:" Fantasy: STAR WARS 30th Anniversary DARTH REVAN figure MOC #34/HTF/very rare  Flyin… 
Check out episode 009 - Guerrilla Podcast’N My co-conspirator and I discuss the new Star Wars : The Rise Of Skywal… 
Dear Losers:I was about 8 years old when the ORIGINAL  Star Wars movie came out in about 1977. My Dad took me to… 
This is so cool 
Since Star Wars is a Disney property, the headline should just read "Disney ... fans are outraged." #venndiagramofoutrage 
I'm not a huge Star Wars fan, but I do love how the sets, the costumes and the SOUNDS make the worlds fee… 
I agree.  I love seeing someone expressing their joy as a fan for their fandom. Could be Star Wars, Lo… 
How much time do you have and how much do you care about no-longer-canon Star Wars EU Legends things from over a decade ago 
star wars 
These are my Star Wars Army companions freeze motherfukers 
2010: Inception2011: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 22012: The Dark Knight Rises2013: Iron Man 32014… 
Glad I'm not the only one that heard that Star Wars opening out of nowhere 
This Red One to Red 5 I see the U.S.S. Enterprise off port bow. Are we sure we are in the right franchise. That’s w… 
I have this on my wall and I thought you and many others would like it. I didn't know metal signs like… 
Okay when did the U.S.S. Enterprise turn into Star Wars with all those shuttles coming out. This is a Starship NOT… 
While I can bet you're bored to tears with the Star Wars stuff, i'm here to give you a polite, yet fi… 
Just ordered from amazon.  Said it before and will say it again, you all captured that original… 
Those of you who know me well will be both amused and unsurprised to learn that I’ve never seen any of the Star War… 
Star Wars marathon!!! 
Like I've mentioned before, the movies are not… 
"Ad:" *NEW* Star Wars: Bossk Bounty Hunter 1/10 Scale ArtFX+ Statue by Kotobukiya  Flying… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Attakus Elite Collection Ewok Wicket Statue Ltd.Edition (NEW) IN STOCK  F… 
Friend and I are watching a main episode of Star Wars a month leading up to The Rise of Skywalker in December. It w… 
As we the opening of Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge draws closer, Disney is releasing more information to get guests exci… 
Text messages with consist of 90% Star Wars, 5% Broncos and 5% other. I’d say that’s still a good job. 
#HighFiveDay  #Porg #StarWars #Jedi #RebelAlliance "I'll come along with you and smoke a pipe."  "You might wait fo… 
That guy Taint.. I mean tate, is a real fuckin soldier.. and he ain't ever seen starwars.. roflmao smh.… 
Oh yeah. We are all about nerdy stuff. If you like comics, Star Wars, Sci-Fi, video games and prett… 
Star Wars Collectors items. I tried selling them but apparently no one wants to buy'em so I am giving them to the 1… 
Dudeee.. did u really make your daughter tattoo ur name on her?? NOT COOL.. ps. No one seeing your posts h… 
if you really know me, you’ll know that my email, usernames, etc. ALL contain “77.” why? STAR WARS. 
Yeah, I like them too. Contrary to basement dweller belief, it is ok to like all the Star Wars movies lol 
Check out Star Wars Boba Fett Candy Jar Gallerie #StarWars #StarWarsDay 
Starting on a Star Wars rewatch. Sure it’s 7 months early... but it’s Star Wars. Also, people need to stop with the… 
Skip lord of the rings, Casey. But Harry Potter and Star Wars? For shame. 
It’s always a blast setting aside cynicism and watching Star Wars with some fresh eyes. And this was one of the mos… 
Sitting backstage of the Comets game listening to the Game of Thrones intro song and The Throne Room from Star Wars… 
11. Star Wars VIII wasn't a great movie. Not because of characters or even general plot, but because it needed a st… 
Star Wars fan 
Star Wars movies 
Most of the Star Wars movies? This implies ther… 
Which is also to say that the Ewok Adventures are a valid pathway into Star Wars. Valkyrie and I are currently watc… 
The real question is when is going to break down Peter Bernstein’s Star Wars scores? 
I am finally watching the Solo Star Wars movie and it’s pretty good. So far I like Rogue One and Solo a lot more th… 
I got curious... And now watching Star Wars will never be the same ever again  
When I was 4 I saw Star Wars in the Theater. First movie I’ve ever saw in my life. Set me up for the man I am today. 
So a couple days ago I heard a this remix of The Who's Baba O'Riley (the one they used on the Stanger Things traile… 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Might Change Up Rey’s Parentage 
Star wars. 
"Ad:" NEW SEALED Lego Star Wars 75215 Cloud-Rider Swoop Bikes Set! *IN HAND*  FlyingTreas… 
Check out BB8 BB 8 Funko Mystery Minis Star Wars Vinyl Bobblehead Figure with Box #ebayROCteam 
I wish I felt as strongly about anything as that dude feels about star wars. 
Star Wars boys! 
I have been SO over Star Wars for 20 years. When can this ever DIE? 
It’s a matter of fact that the “shapes” (like the Star Wars one) simply taste better &amp; I have a th… 
Star Wars: A New HopeThe MatrixAnother EarthEx MachinaArrival 
We are live! Listen to me talk about a Star Wars game 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 Space Battle of Fondor Gameplay - Imperial Shipyard Videogames 
We'll see about that. 
Playing a bit of CS maybe some Star Wars BattleFront 2 after. 
Dia 108. Luke Skywalker(Star Wars) 
As a die hard Star Wars fan, I will not stand by this statement  
Fan Stories To Be Part of Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge at Walt Disney World Resort 
gay. I'd rather cry over a Star wars trailer then spend countless hours in the gym trying… 
I just don't even care about Star Wars anymore, I'm just sick of hearing about it, I moved on, its dead… 
Tonight, we're going freeform and we're going off the reservation for Episode 102! Join us for some stream of consc… 
SO ..... If all goes to plan, I think I will start the streaming back up on May 1 ..... with an awesome long Star W… 
NOW LIVE: Special Announcement, then Star Wars: The Old 
This explains why all the new Star Wars movies make me want to rub dirt in my eyes while watching them. 
"Ad:" STAR WARS CELEBRATION 2019 CHICAGO GENTLE GIANT SPIDER DARTH MAUL STATUE  FlyingTre… 
do you plan on being at next years Star Wars Celebration? 
How can you hate Star Wars?! Ellen Ripley is the best! 
Star Wars ConcertAnakin vs 
My #FunkoApp wishlist is all Star Wars and 1 Loki.  
STAR WARS CELEBRATION ACTION FIGURE REVEALS RECAP 2019 FROM HASBRO. #StarWars #StarWarsCelebration #actionfigures… 
'Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker' Characters Might Be Returning In Future Films - Science Fiction… 
#studyingstarwarsStar Wars 9: JJ Abrams Met With George Lucas Before Writing Script 
dude! Pumped you won the Star Wars five way! Rooting for you! #Schmoedown 
Giveaway - littleBits Star Wars Droid Inventor KitEnter &amp; 
This kid y'all.I cannot count how many Star Wars t-shirts he's owned in his life.He never had a chance in this fa… 
Star Wars is addicting man it’s so much fun 
Y'all know that video of the guy watching the star wars trailer? Yeah that was my reaction reading this thread 
Let's Talk About That Death Star Shot In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker's Trailer 
Ooh, Star Wars!! 
Star Wars Canyon (February 2019) via 
So I just bought the Star Wars collection on eBay. Ya watch one fucking Netflix movie (Solo) and now I’m interested. 
Star wars ta morto 
#captainrex #clonewars #starwars #denvertattooartists #denvertattooartist #starwarscelebration #starwarstattoo deat… 
Star Wars celebration was great, not only did I meet heroes of the Rebellion and the Resistance. But I met with… 
Star Wars: I Loved The Mandalorian Footage, Question The Clone Wars, And Ponder The Title Of Episode IX… 
Star Wars: I Loved The Mandalorian Footage, Question The Clone Wars, And Still Hate The Title Of Episode IX… 
Yeah the little kid who played Anakin in episode 1 had a full on… 
Better plot line then your star wars movie....you gonna steel his idea ain't ya 
Notice the only thing missing in Star Wars Galaxy Edge stores is merchandise for Boba Fertt and Mandalorian. There’… 
i'm looking at YOU, the legend of korra, warehouse 13, avengers: age of ultron, captain america: civil war, avenger… 
All this new Star Wars information has gotten me into a Star Wars mood. Time to play some #Battlefront2 on 
Star Wars Air Hogs X-Wing Fighter - 
One day, like thirteen-ish years ago, a friend from work said to me, "you like Star Wars, right?" an… 
I do know that as he's gotten older he'll come into a movie or series, compose the main score or one or t… 
Ours is doing Star Wars on May 4th and we’re going! 
I PUT YOU ON ED SHEERAN and you always called me white for it! Lol DO NOT try to front on social media b… 
Star Wars undies make it better imho 
This has already happened in Star Wars lore. The Daughter in the Mortis Arc revived Ashoka. Bastila revived Revan. 
Star Wars Vintage R2-D2 Restoration Kenner / Meccano 1978 
Find Out How Star Wars Fans Will Become A Part of Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge 
Star Wars Celebration 2019 - Cosplay, Panels and so much more! (video) 
Lego Star Wars Bookor 
Keeping with the Star Wars theme, how about this Mandalorian inspired figure! 
Star wars AU. Also, a clone named luck. #starwars #starwarsclonewars #jedi #clone #trooper #padawan #sketches… 
Trekkie for life!!! Idgaf about GOT or Star Wars. 
New with a special guest! 
Solo: A Star Wars Story (Credit: 
"Ad:" Fantasy: (Rare) Not For Resale- Star Wars Clone Wars ARF TROOPER CW56 Speederboard … 
"Ad:" Fantasy: (Rare) Not For Resale- Star Wars Clone Wars ARF TROOPER CW56 Speederboard C-10… 
Star Wars fan: amazing this is 
Very interested to hear what you think of the products themselves. I was pretty let down by the Star Wars… 
Everything we ever loved about Star Wars has slowly been killed… 
Mark N Tompkins Behind The Scenes at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 
I’m tired and bitter and ready for everyone else to get a taste of how I’VE felt about THEIR Star W… 
Star Wars: 10 Facts About Mandalorian Armor You Need To Know 
goddamn i love star wars 
Listen pal, I saw all of the star wars films. All of them. Except solo 
Top 11 best star wars’s 1110987654321. all of them, they’re all that good 
My article made it to the homepage of Let me know what you guys think... Jedi "Fallen Order has the potential… 
Papers please, far cry 5, fallout new Vegas, mass effect, star wars, half life, Stargate, SCP, starship troopers, W… 
Check out Star Wars BendEms Tusken Raider TMC 1994 LFL 4 1/2" Star Wars  via 
Not much I'm interested in left at MoA, what with the Best Buy gone. But its still a good workout and interesting t… 
Kellie Marie Tran took the Star Wars Celebration stage by storm this week. The actress made history in 2017’s The L… 
I think Solo is the best star wars movie and I will not be taking questions at this time 
I instantly pictured this alien from Star Wars. 
This whole thread made my day. I mean, how often do Star Wars, JT and deceased spiritual sages make it in… 
(1)That's AWESOME! I don't know what ever happen… 
This is awesome! Throw in the 'star wars guy' and its unicorns and waterfalls! 
 Mail Call: I only wanted one Pop! from this year’s Star Wars Celebration...DARTH MAUL!.One day, one day I’ll ge… 
Them, "You're too old to be into STAR WARS!"ME: 
I wouldn't want them anywhere near the Old Republic anyway. They've proven they have absolutely no ide… 
The most consistently well written part of the Star Wars Universe is the film scores. 
Using my extensive Star Wars knowledge of inter-species mating to cuck the left’s effort in advancing equality 
Star Wars Celebration told through the eye-catching cosplayers 
When you are done with games but they say they are releasing a single player star wars game with no micro trans… 
If thats your opinion is it fair to ask if you like Star Wars at all? 
It’s Star Wars time!! 
Exactly. Well put. And a Star Wars reference. That's the only way to comm… 
“Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future…the past. Old friends long gone.”We have… 
“Imagination is more important than knowledge."  #ThursdayThoughts 
Fans were treated to their first look at the new film at this year’s #StarWarsCelebration:… 
“We are looking at the next saga. We are not just looking at another trilogy, we're really looking at the next 10 y… 
A firsthand look at the 'Star Wars' Convention. See more on Friday's Current page. 
5 Things That Need to Happen in 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' 
2019 TCM Classic Film Festival Celebrates STAR WARS And Love At The Movies - We Are Movie Geeks 
Still using this for tonight. Leaning towards Star Wars. What do you think? 
"Ad:" SIDESHOW STAR WARS ANAKIN SKYWALKER PREMIUM FORMAT EXCLUSIVE STATUE DARTH VADER  Fl… 
How to identify a Star Wars fan: 1. They love ever single trailer for Star Wars movies. 2. They hate every actual movie. 
I watched a leaked video of #TheMandalorian from Star Wars Celebration, and i'm currently considering selling my soul to watch it early. 
Thank GOD this man is no longer in charge of the Star Wars franchise. Episodes IV and V were brilliant.....then he crapped the bed. 
Why make fun of a guy enjoying a star wars trailer when you can mock these dumb shits? 
This Was The Best Thing at LEGO’s Booth at Star Wars Celebration 
No. We’ve moved on to the new Star Wars movie. 
Since Disney owns Fox now...I really think we deserve this in front of the final Star Wars saga movie THANK YOU. 
This Was The Best Thing at LEGO’s Booth at Star Wars Celebration 
Star Wars: The Putter Menace  #GolfAMovie 
Determining the Size of Star Wars Planets and Spaceships Against Locations on Planet Earth 
Everything is an inconsistent mess at this point. ¯\_ STAR WARS_/¯ 
#studyingstarwarsStar Wars: How Palpatine's Return Connects to The Last Jedi | CBR 
10 new science fiction and fantasy books to check out in late AprilSpace operas, near-future dystopias, and 
Star Wars The Vintage Collection Return of the Jedi Tatooine Skiff PRE-ORDER 
Couldn’t agree more. Star Wars &amp; other certain franchises have specific transitions (screenwipes etc… 
We’re recording the OK Beast Podcast today!On the agenda: PlayStation 5 details, Dreams Early Access, Star Wars J… 
Check out Time Magazine,Star Wars complete guide to Phantom Menace,April 1999 -Lucas,movie  via 
On the brand new episode of The Game Informer Show podcast, we talk about the next PlayStation, Star Wars Jedi: Fal… 
J.J. Abrams sought advice from George Lucas when creating #StarWars: The Rise of Skywalker - 
I told my cousin that i have never watched the avengers or star wars before and he looked at me like i said I'm inf… 
JawsHalloweenStar WarsThe WarriorsSaturday Night Fever 
Welcome to post-Disney acquisition Star Wars... let’s get weird. 
Two issues of Star Wars come out in July. Is that so a 6-part story (set right before ESB) can end in November, and… 
The Rise of Skywalker” director JJ Abrams said there’s more to come on the story of Rey’s parents.… 
Get Your Message Across The Floor With The Sphero Star Wars BB8 Toy 
The new Star Wars trailer has all the Reylo clowns crawling back out of the woodwork 
Kathleen Kennedy, JJ Abrams discuss Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’s title, that big trailer surprise 
Rocky Trilogy, The Outsiders, Conan the Barbarian, Star Wars Trilogy, Every Which W… 
I have really enjoyed much of the artwork that has come out of star_wars_swgoh Their art department keeps pumping o… 
Sphero Star Wars BB-8 Droid coming to a STEM Party near you via 
Got a bounty on your head? UNISOL has the word on the newest Star Wars 
If they Do A Thing that makes literally everyone else mad and me extremely happy, my god, I will forgive J.J. Abram… 
Game? Cuphead. Just. Wow.Movie? Star Wars: A New Hope. THE ORIGINAL.TV series? 30 Rock. Just great all around.… 
New auction: LEGO STAR WARS 75169 Duel on Naboo NEW 
Yo' momma's so ugly, they didn't make her wear a costume when she tried out for Star Wars!#YoMama #YoMamaCodes 
rich man like Star Wars, you’re wrong. 
Funko Pop! Star Wars - Darth Vader (Gold Chrome) for $15=&gt; 
Imagine caring about Star Wars. 
anyway i’m on tumblr more again thanks to my star wars spirit coming back  
"Ad:" Kotobukiya Star Wars Celebration 2019 ArtFX R2-R9 &amp; R2-B1 Exclusive Statue Set  Fly… 
Two former guests of ours! World's Collide!Like Star wars v. Star Trek Or An All Madden Team! 
Just copped LEGO STAR WARS: The Force Awakens for $4.99 on Steam  
the youtubers are not see Solo A Star Wars Story are Rodimus Primal and Professor Geek alias Michael Critzer 
Star Wars: Palpatine's Return Actually Ties Into The Last Jedi's Themes 
Plethora of Star Wars Figures Available for Pre-Order at Hasbro Pulse 
That’d be like me crying when the last rocky movie comes out, or jaws, or planet of the apes. I’m no… 
I am using this to subtweet the ENTIRETY of Star Wars fandom. 
Coca-Cola and Lucasfilm Collaborate on Star Wars-Themed Bottles →: 
Your a great guy Anthony. Lots of great Celebration Moments and Star Wars too of course ! 
MAGA WARS will continue through 2024, unfortunately. Wear this with your hat. A true ComicCon Star Wa… 
Star Wars and Madden are 2 different things. Like all Unreal 4 games aren't the same 
Hey, folks, here’s an idea: Star Wars 2 
it looks like the Star Wars intro scrolling! 
Ultra-Rare Star Wars Toy Could Send Prices into Hyperspace at Auction 
STAR WARS 9 Official Trailer (2019) The Rise Of Skywalker Movie HD via 
I agree with everyone of these but Star Wars. 
Star Wars Jedi Trial - A Clone Wars Novel by David Sherman &amp; Dan Cragg  via 
All we need is 1-2 arrests and watch them lose their freaking minds. Can’t wait! I’ll be like that dude w… 
DM me if you ever want to talk. I will forever have the back of a person of your caliber. Also, Star Wars fans for life!! 
Pfffff hasn't stopped me buying Star Wars men's shirts there... 
Yes, this toxic jerk Star Wars guy, pays for kids to goto a theme park. 
Probably eventually, but I'd be curious to hear their answer to "Why, with… 
I saw this pic and thought it was a Star Wars teaser trailer. 
Star Wars Insider Magazine / Issue 98 - January/February 2008  via 
Star Wars Insider Magazine / Issue 71 - November 2003  via 
These photos are from Girl's Uncle. He has been collecting Star Wars stuff since the first movie came out… 
Sure they can. I think the key take away from that interview was they they realized they needed to… 
Star Wars Insider Magazine / Issue 57 - February 2002  via 
After Solo's Stumble, Lucasfilm Learned There's a 'Cadence' to Star Wars 
Girl says her favorite is Rogue One, because even though she grew up with the first trilogy and loved it… 
Also, not gonna lie, the new star wars movie's name is justbad 
J.J. Abrams Promises Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Won't Rehash Return Of The Jedi - 
Yes!!! It might be my favorite scene of any Star Wars movie. #FurryTails 
Okay, here me out Star Wars Twitter. My idea for a game would flow a bit like Dragon Age 2, in that there'd be at l… 
It’s just as silly as when sjw’s Freak Out about their various fictions of choice. He cri… 
What would you say is your favorite Star Wars movie? #FurryTails 
Come to the dark side (we have pizza)! Join us on Sat, May 4th, 6pm at Pi There will be a Star Wars… 
ROFL, the ALL CAPS for internet screaming is just too damn funny. I can "Ship" who I want too. Just l… 
Come this Saturday, 4/20 to Downtown Campbell to search for Lagunitas Waldos Special Ale from 1PM-5PM and other cra… 
There seems to be some confusion among Star Wars fans about #TheRiseofSkywalker trailer and how a dead guy can actu… 
I’ve never seen Star Wars but lived through Mueller.  I like Big Bang Theory too, but I get bashed. Haha 
Yeah if it’s the ones I’m thinking (Ultimate Sabers) those def are not cheap BUT they’re probably the b… 
Proof that this duo is us living in a simulation, Schumann emails me an article called "… 
NEVER WATCHED GAME OF THRONES , STAR WARS, HARRY POTTER,… 
I hadn't read any of the Star Wars comics until recently. But I am really enjoying the Poe Dameron comic.… 
I am so excited by this it’s honestly a little embarrassing 
Thanks to everyone who submitted entries to JCDPC's Star Wars photo contest!  Yoda is curious who will win the Audi… 
I can't remember, but you like Star Wars, right? Have you ever read any of the Star Wars comics on Unlimi… 
Want 'Psych' but in Star Wars form? Let's get a 'Thrawn' movie going! 
oh so hott star wars meets star trek lol 
ending tomorrow afternoon: Star Wars - The Phantom Menace VHS  via 
ending tomorrow afternoon: The Star Wars Trilogy - Special Edition VHS set  via 
"Ad:" Gentle Giant Collector Gallery Star Wars Darth Revan 1/8th Scale Statue  FlyingTrea… 
When you want to do a Star Wars trombone solo for your final group recital, but the recital is in a week and you ha… 
The redacted version of Star Wars, Episode 4: No, SERIOUSLY, I was planning on Vader being his dad from the VERY BEGINNING! 
Star Wars Episode IX: Skywalker Click Bait. Star Wars: Bait and Switch. 
See, bro?You know I'm just not into Star Wars anymore.You know I can be an horribl… 
Does anyone have info on Star Wars: Fallen Order's main character? He looks bland as all hell. Like, I get the tabu… 
That much about  Star Wars 
This one definitely has a 70' s Star Wars feel to it. I wonder if Chewbacca is in there… 
Way to go dudeOpportunity is knocking and you are answering the doorGreat jobBut , bro, new Star Wars sucks 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Betrayal at Cloud City (75222) Slave 1 with Stickers (No Boba)  Flyi… 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Obi-Wan's Jedi Interceptor 75135 - Sealed, distressed box  FlyingTre… 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Republic Attack Shuttle 8019 - 100% Complete  FlyingTreasures 
Many of them. #StarWars isn't star wars anymore. 
real vid was him reacting to the star wars trailer i added the nate hill vid 
STAR WARS via 
You're racist and sexist,we have Rey,Princess leia,Iden Versio,and an entire universe of people. You… 
‘Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker’: Emperor Palpatine’s Return Has Been In The Works For A Long Time 
John Boyega is just truly having so much fucking fun being a part of Star Wars, I love him a lot 
ROGUE ONE - The Trio of Terror! Grand Mof Tarkin, Darth Vader and Krennic!  A Star Wars Story StarWars 
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – Teaser via 
This will go viral. I’m guessing a lot of dubbing porn and other videos over the Star Wars for him to react to  I w… 
Star Wars: Shadows of the empire 
I've neva watched Star Wars . Am i late to catch up? 
JCDPC would like to recognize Gateway Door &amp; Contracting as a Silver Sponsor for our Star Wars event. Thank you for… 
JJ: polish old star wars Fans: okayJohnson: Try Something DifferentFans: NO jcjfjdjcfjfjcjjcJJ: M… 
Advertising this movie comes out 8 months in advance?! Star Wars, Lord of th… 
Timeless, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, The Orville, Chuck, Arrowverse, Star Wars 
Watched it for the fist time list night and thought it was amazing. Not only the cinem… 
Periodic reminder I have digital codes for most current Star Wars comics. If you're interested, let me know. 
Star Wars: Trilogy's New Characters May Return in Films, TV Series 
How fans will build their own droids at Disney’s Star Wars land  via 
Me? Or him? THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE *cues Star Wars theme song * 
NEW Obi-Wan Kenobi TV Series In Production According to New Report! Star Wars Obi-Wan Kenobi News! StarWars 
We've got your one-stop-shop for all of the best and most exciting pieces of news and reveals from this year's… 
Ordered canvas for some limited edition patches!!! Only going to be available at Death Protector Fest or if you sen… 
Finally saw "Solo: A Star Wars Story" last night and enjoyed it far more than I'd anticipated. I had very low expec… 
EVERY WOMAN IN MY LIFE: makes Star Wars memes, follows ICP on tour, gets ransomware from hentai sites, remembers Ar… 
Honestly fuck you. Star Wars is badass and cargo shorts are even more badass!!! You're still hot though 
Rogue One NASA Star Wars T-Shirt_InPixio 
Thanks. I particularly like the reaction on “dress down Fridays” when walking roun… 
From Chicago to a galaxy far, far away: Star Wars Celebration 2019 
Now do a Star Wars trailer reaction. 
It was a pleasure meeting I never knew I would like Maul even more with his portrayal. I’m very excited… 
Star wars celebration in Chicago last week. 
partners with to produce Coke products that fit right into the universe. Very cool stuf… 
#BetrayedMeWhen you said Star Wars was better than Star Trek 
star wars destroy everything it touches, amazing. 
I agree with George Lucas: The Phantom Menace is a good movie and Jar Jar is an awesome character. 
Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge Will Feature Yoda, Other Surprising Returning Personalities 
George Lucas Stuns Fans By Revealing His Favorite ‘Star Wars’ Character 
Hey! Today’s is my lovely wife’s birthday. Her name is - she doesn’t like Star Wars, so no point i… 
Available to preorder now from the #StarWars: Tie Fighter: Owners' Workshop Manual by Ryder Windham (Autho… 
Literally just picked the book up. I haven’t really enjoyed the new Star Wars EU, huge fan o… 
" you can be whoever you want in the digital age" yet you still shit talk and shame people for enjoying things like star wars 
Or if it's titles that I MUST SIMPLY HAVE ASAP. Because Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order will be in my hands on day one… 
Don’t worry bro if I liked men I’d definitely date you for you Star Wars collection 
The greatest moment in the Star Wars saga is when Obi-Wan calls Vader "Darth." Kyle Lauren needs some of that sass… 
I thought Civil War was one of the more pointless and boring MC… 
How Metroid and Wind Waker influenced the next Star Wars game 
Thursday night live tonight will be all about Star Wars and nothing else 
I'm not sure which made the bigger impact at Star Wars Celebration: the Episode 9 trailer or Paul Bettany's mustache. 
As I'm made up of 90% clinical anxiety and catastrophizing, I'm avoiding the news this morning and just thinking ab… 
Mark Hamill has the best response when asked about trolling 'Star Wars' fans 
Some much greatness in here. Should be required watching/listening for anyone in Star Wars fandom. #StarWars… 
Here you go: Star Wars Last Jedi Porg Retro Stripes Logo Graphic T-Shirt 
I can’t remember who gave me these Star Wars Ziploc bags. Thank you! #StarWarsCelebration 
To help narrow it down, I am a fan from way back. I miss the old EU, but I also am enjoying where the franchise is… 
The PC Gamer Show 159: Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, Fortnite World Cup, Rise Of Shadows  PC Gamer… 
2) After TotD/M:ZM we'll be either playing Titanfall 2 to see how Respawn Entertainment handles Single Player game… 
Dear YouTube, I'm not interested in videos that tell me why certain interests of mine suck (for example: "Why Str… 
the worst part of living in this timeline where star wars lore was expanded to the point it was the o… 
Lasers in space: it's The Return of the GEDI!  But this isn't Star Wars, it's lidar, capable of measuring details o… 
Not even close lol if someone considers themselves a Star Wars fan, they know the prequel… 
I still miss the Star Wars theme. 
Diamond Select Toys Solicitations For September 2019 - #StarWars, #Castlevania, #Marvel, #DCComics, #Godzilla &amp; Mor… 
Star Wars: A New HopeBlade RunnerThe TerminatorAliensThe Thing 
That Star Wars fan put up a video of HIS reaction on HIS channel. Entertai… 
I'm legit worried seeing articles priming us for the Lion King to be better. The fact they lumped… 
This week, came to the defense of a Star Wars fan after social media users made fun of his reaction… 
Star Wars Battlefront 2 - First Look at Classes In-Depth! Weapons, Abilities and Gameplay Styles! StarWars 
Isn't star wars fantasy?   
Congrats !!!! Blessing on Blessing. Bronco country adds new members!  A new kid, endgame, draft and… 
He’s of the era (October 1970 club, y’all!!!) to have been powerfully influenced by the release of th… 
Me buying hundreds of dollars with of Star Wars toys.Wife: what are you doing?Me: they’re for our son.Wife: we… 
Star Wars store. Has spider man in the window. Yeah alright 
Star Wars The Black Series Archive Scout Trooper 6" Action Figure PRE-ORDER 
I did find it fun getting a letter in the mail that was written in French and English. Aside f… 
10 new science fiction and fantasy books to check out in late April  
I am a Science Fiction fan.  Most of Star Trek is at least OK and some is excellent.  Of course Star War… 
Will The Rise of Skywalker Characters Ever Return in Future Star Wars Movies? 
Thought this was a Star Wars tweet but nahhhhhh. 
EXCLUSIVE: First look at Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker! 
‘The Mandalorian’ Actor Giancarlo Esposito Describes the New Technology Used on the ‘Star Wars’ Show -… 
Check out Star Wars Set Luke Skywalker &amp; Princess Leah 2 NEW Action Figures 
1. WCW vs NwO: World Tour.                    2. Starfox 64.                                                3. Star… 
Solve this puzzle! Tag a Star Wars Friend!:     Follow us For credit… 
I DON'T KNOW MAN BETWEEN MARVEL AND STAR WARS I CAN'T DEAL 
Look! J.J. Abrams Teases More From 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' #News #Movies… 
LIVE: Playing Star Wars: The Old Republic! 
Mark Hamill revels in trolling ‘Star Wars’ fans: ‘I’m sure Disney’s not that happy about it’ | Fox News 
It’s a Star Wars extravaganza, hitting it hard podcast style, !!!!’ 
I get your point, but dude come on it’s Star Wars, this is quite the reach. 
this is still my favorite star wars video of all time 
lol thanks. it's artwork by he does great stuff of marvel and dc characters. i think he's don… 
To be fair... it also distracted me when the new Star Wars IX teaser trailer dropped last week. 
Two weeks worth of New Comic Books at LemonHeads in Mitchell this week! Check out New Releases from the last 2 week… 
christratton energysmartohio Great to see the Star Wars analogy here. Yes, CO2 pollution is the Death Star attacking Earth. 
Star Wars: Episode IX Is Really Aiming To Please Fans Of The Original Trilogy, And It's Working 
108. Jyn Erso - Rogue One: A Star Wars Story. 
I think if arcade could get good ai and big maps with command posts and vehicles. It co… 
It just missed the cut. It’s under “Cancelled EA Star Wars Game #4” 
I see these comments Vader &gt;&gt;&gt; Thanos ALWAYS DO NOT PLAY. I love marvel with all my heart, but Star Wars is BETTER. 
People get cringed seeing a guy crying while watching the new Star Wars trailer but they're totally cool when their… 
What if you watched, "Star Wars" together? 
Coca-Cola Is Now Part Of The Star Wars Universe - Here is something casual Star Wars fans still don’t realize abo… 
here is my redacted script for Star Wars 9 #MuellerReport 
The most it's ever done was when I did that huge editing job on my Star Wars library and was s… 
Micah, you’re a champion of Star Wars positivity! We’re better because of you! 
I went into them purely without any bias. I love Star Wars. I love super hero movies. Even without the p… 
1. Star Wars (Namco)2. TIE Fighter3. X-Wing 4. KOTOR II5. Empire Strikes Back (2600)6. KOTOR… 
Joe Vs JakeDraft your Star Wars character team (5 characters) if you were attempting to create y… 
So excited to see High Life tonight. This is my Star Wars. 
Then you got movies such as Captain Marvel and the recent two Star Wars pushing forward feminist message… 
Admiral Ackbar actor isn't happy with how he was killed off in 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' - Yahoo Movies UK 
Find Out Who George Lucas' Favorite Star Wars Character is! #StarWars #ThePhantomMenace 
What Does the Star Wars Episode 9 Title "The Rise of Skywalker" Mean? via 
STAR WARS: MASTER &amp; APPRENTICE 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars Tech Deck Santa Cruz 8 Boards Rare TOYS R US Exclusive  FlyingTr… 
BIG Star Wars guy right here, stop bein dicks 
Star Wars Episode IX: Lando and the New Resistance Heroes 
There’s a pretty cool Star Wars themed called where’s the Wookiee I gave nephew some years ago 
How I ACCIDENTALLY Snuck Into the Episode IX Panel at Star Wars Celebration via 
Right out of LucasStar Wars 
The negativity and hate coming from some 'fans' is really disturbing and disheartening. They attack and torment and… 
How Ray Park and The Mandalorian Are Upping the Action in Star Wars: The Clone Wars 
J.J. Abrams Weighs In on Divisive New ‘Star Wars’ Title: ‘I Know It’s Provocative’ 
Star Wars Celebration Wrap-Up, Part 2 
The uncomfortable TRUTH About The Crying Star Wars Guy. via 
latest book came out right after #StarWarsCelebration2019 concluded, and between the amazing fan ova… 
Coca Cola, Sprite, Dasani seen through Star Wars lenses..... #Primecard #savings 
Join us on the Nerdcast as we look at the week in geek, from new Star Wars announcements to new console announcemen… 
Unlimited Power! Star Wars RPG: Allies &amp; Adversaries is now in stock! Shop here: 
Check out Star Wars BB-8 Wall Canvas Decor + Frame ⁦… 
 We don't know about you, but Maestro Daniel Hege is pretty pumped to conduct The Music of Star Wars on May the Fo… 
One of the hardest things to do as a dork is telling Star Wars fans that I’m not really that into Star Wars.  Espec… 
#Hasbro #StarWars The Black Series Wave 21 Pre-Orders Now $17.97 - 
Hi, I'm interested in the Star Wars Saga you're screening from May 3-7. Will you be showing the original… 
AliensOutlandStar WarsThe Fifth ElementDredd 
What you have said about your love for Star Wars is similar to how I am but with Transformers 
Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Siege of Mandalore Explained 
New Book Reveals Star Wars "Chosen One" Prophecy 
I liked a video Star Wars RISE OF SKYWALKER Trailer Thoughts 
Good morning to the Star Wars Reaction Guy and NO ONE ELSE 
Star Wars Rebels: Ideas for a Star Wars Rebels Viewing Party. Are you planning an awesome Star Wars Rebels party? … 
The best Star Wars ever 
Star Wars fans be like. 
All on the original board over initial pencils. Colour pages such as Star Wars Dark Empire were generally painted u… 
Right. For instance I own a gem and mineral business. I'm a prospector as well. I wear shor… 
SPECIAL EPISODE: Rebels Remembered Panel at Star Wars Celebration Chicago! by Tatooine Sons • A podcast on Anchor 
"Ad:" Fantasy: *RARE*Vintage star wars Wicket the Ewok return of the Jedi dishes lot 1983 
Are you gonna have a hand in this? Would love to see how you take a story from the star wars universe.… 
yeah to both of these!!!Clone Wars was one of the things that got me Really… 
Leia Organa - Star Wars. .Cosplayer: hollowflamecosplay ..#cosplay #leia #leiaorgana #starwars #anewhope… 
Luke's Star Wars Galaxies Mod For Minecraft Mods 1.14, 1.13.2 Minecraft Mo… 
Fortnite is killing it with these LTM’s lately. The lava mode was tough but so fun and this Airplane mode is soooo… 
This is so incredibly rude. He’s “undateable” because he is getting emotional over a Star Wars trailer? Judgemental… 
Me and Drea having fun at Star Wars Celebration with the wonderful Ray Park and Ian McDiarmid! 
I've got one for ya.. In a Star Wars theme... 
if....you need star wars recs.....lmk.... 
Wish you had a signed copy of 'Industrial Light &amp; Magic Presents: Making Solo: A Star Wars Story' by Rob Bredow but… 
Notice the hiring of Donna Brazile and all the Dem candidate town halls. Disney is in control of Fox… 
Why 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' Needed to Bring Back the Emperor - Watch the trailer! via 
I finished 1/2 of the design for the Star Wars sleeve I'm gonna get............... anyone wanna see it 
remember all those Star Wars toys?  
It was ether the Luke Skywalker in X-wing jumpsuit or Tatooine outfit from the power of the force action… 
Only true Star Wars fans get this. Pink shorts boom guy is canon. 
04 17 19 Special Star Wars Nerdout via 
I'm watching Star Wars Resistance 1x09 "Secrets and Holograms" #trakt 
#THERAT talks #DuckTales on #Disneyplus on #TheDarkWebPodcast at #TheSpidersLair, #WhereChaosResides. #ThatisAll.… 
Ep125 is full of the Force! from the joins me to talk about Star Wars Celebration! We ta… 
Lol oh! Sorry I missed the tone over tweet. My bad! I never know with Star Wars fans these days. 
Zooicide, Crazy Belts, Pony Island, Valnir Rok Survival RPG, SIM city 4 Delux, STAR WARS Knights of… 
Five revelations we learned about the future of 'Star Wars' at Celebration 
During #StarWarsCelebration, asked me to rank the all-time best ‘Star Wars’ games. Here’s what I came up w… 
It's just pervasive. Stuff gets around. I know plenty of people who don't even like Star Wars who ha… 
is on vacation so and invited to talk about the Star Wars trailer.… 
I suppose the one good thing about Game of Thrones is that it's ending.  Quite clear that Star Wars/Marvel/DC unive… 
I’m going to enjoy watching all of you struggle to figure out whether I switched the second word in Star Trek or St… 
Gah! I watched a lot of the panels and interviews from Star Wars Celebration last weekend, and basicall… 
People may have their Star Wars and Marvel properities under one roof, but this is the true cost o… 
I'm probably more pumped for Hobbs &amp; Shaw (Fast &amp; Furious Spinoff) than I am the newest Star Wars movie tbh. 
May the Fourth Be With You  Don't miss out on the best holiday in the galaxy - read our blog post this week on… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order is up for preorder on Amazon!! PC Deluxe Editions… 
#ThrowbackThursday remembering the day introduced the first billboard! 'Star Wars' Fan Billboard Begs Lu… 
Star Wars: Women of the Galaxy shows her in gray(this might be a shadow) or white pants. 
These are the questions that will break your brain. I mean, if STAR WARS exists in the MCU, does TROPIC THUNDER, fo… 
I can see that. I have seen all the Star Wars and Star Trek stuff so to me its weird to not have, bu… 
Now that the #MullerReport is all over can we please get back to the really important things in life? Our families,… 
The next Star Wars movies write themselves. 
I got a pen that can erase as a free giveaway at Star Wars Celebration, and it’s honestly the best thing that I got… 
Wish I had friends off at the same times as me. I'm tryna get this projector going with an all rainy day movie mara… 
Star Wars Family Date Night sign-ups are now open! May 10th, 5:15-7:45 PM, volunteers will help make and launch X-W… 
I've just watched episode S03E17 of Star Wars: The C...! #starwarstheclonewars #tvtime 
Just saw an article titled, "Are Star Wars fans really tired of Star Wars?" The answer is NO! 
Star Wars: The Mandalorian (Trailer) 
A long time ago... Two decades after the original series premiered and nearly two decades before J.J. Abrams brough… 
So glad to see Star Wars supporting #STEM education! Seeing my first  SW movie hooked me on tech.… 
So I've been on a Star Wars kick for understandable reasons. What first piece of Star Wars merchandise you remember… 
As somebody who has read decades of SW books and comics, I ask to PLEASE write more Star Wars novels a… 
sadly it's not a voice actor has leaked that there's going to be a lego star wars game th… 
Meet artist Charles Urbach, illustrator and miniature designer for games including Magic: The Gathering, Star Wars,… 
I have this clear memory of reading about parsecs in an encyclopedia (before watching Star Wars for the first time!) 
nooooo cap i don’t give a FUCC bout what y’all got goin bc i been playing Star wars Knights of the Old republic and… 
It’s like they took years and years of canon and threw it out the window and said “Let’s do Star Wa… 
Star Wars The Black Series Luke Skywalker X-Wing Helmet FREE SHIPPING / PRE-ORDER 
Star Wars Battlefront Top 5 EPIC Multi Kills That Made a Difference! (Top 5 Plays Moments) StarWars 
You can now order the official #StarWars #TheMandalorian logo t-shirt from (Referral)… 
'Star Wars' Fan Predicted Episode IX Title and Palpatine's Return Back in 2012  
Mill fest is coming! May 4th &amp; 5th, plus city wide garage sales and a Star Wars inspired May the Fourth interactive… 
A long time ago... Two decades after the original series premiered and nearly two decades before J.J. Abrams broug… 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars 75079 Shadow Troopers New In Box - Sealed  FlyingTreasures 
'Star Wars' Fan Predicted Episode IX Title and Palpatine's Return Back in 2012 
#hashtag4 Deadpool Iron Man Marvel Avengers KingKong Star Wars Phone Case For iPhone 
Three fictional places I wan… 
Apparently, one of the new Star Wars canon books has the Prophecy of the Chosen One and it mention… 
#tcnt hey, I wonder if somebody can explain overall merchandising and movie sales problem with the Star wars franch… 
#tcnt John Justice, wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong. They ruined Star wars with social justice warrior in… 
JCDPC would like to thank the KJFF for being a sponsor by providing a radio ad for our Star Wars event. Thanks for… 
Definitely sympathizing with all of the people I see tweeting about their Star Wars withdrawal after Celebration. I… 
Official STAR WARS CELEBRATION EVENT Breakdown - What is to come for our game in the next several expansions.BioW… 
I haven't seen any Star Wars news. Where do you see it? 
Eee chop yub nub! (I still sing this to my, now, teens. LOL I'm such a Star Wars Nerd!! LOL) 
LEGO Star Wars May the 4th Promotional Set Revealed 
Star WarsSupermanRaiders of the Lost ArkE.T.JawsThat was easy. 
Is it gonna be star wars themed since it's on may 4th 
Me &amp; discussed Yoshi’s Crafted World, Ape Out, PSN name changes and Star Wars Fallen Order. 
Ranking the All-Time Best ‘Star Wars’ Video Games 
BigBadToyStore News - #Transformers, #Batman TAS, #MortalKombat, #StarWars, #DragonBall, #AvengersEndgame &amp; More… 
I’m so lost! It’s a Star Wars account, too. What could I have done??  
The Princess BrideStar Wars Trilogy (IV-VI)DuneTronWarGames 
See I’m kind of a Star Wars nut and I try to read most of the novelizations of the films and it’s been hi… 
Well....Star Wars was made in 1977We old timers know that not only did Han shoot first in the cantina, but he did… 
the fact that i live in the country makes me proud to be a star wars fan! 
Seeing all the support around him is incredible.     As someone who wears cargo shorts, has a girlfriend and loves… 
BONUS: He'll Put a Prince in Your Belly TJ and Dutch nerd out over Game of Thrones Season 8 and talk a bit of Star… 
Hopefully AG Barr is dressed in another outfit from the Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Inspired Hoth Collection. 
FIX YOUR AUDIO! IT sounds like a Star Wars character in the bar scene!!  
Fans React to The Rise of Skywalker Trailer- Star Wars Celebration 2019 - 
Where 'Star Wars' Can Go After the Skywalker Saga via 
Here's the Star Wars blogger dude named Eric Butts that sounds like Taz....and what Taz will look like at age 40. 
I can’t wait to visit it!! 
Star Wars Battlefront 2! Today, Tiki is dedicating a 1-off episode of SW BF 2 in support of 
Interesting. I don't know much about the Star Wars history. I just like to go to see the films and hav… 
Star wars:last straight white male 
Star Wars - Guardians Of The Galaxy 
That last sentence is all I wanted from a Star Wars game!  
To EA's credit, the only other Star Wars single player campaign protagonist we've gotte… 
You know what I'm hoping for? I'm hoping that come time for #StarWarsIX opening crawl, we see it say Episode 8 and… 
I won #StarWars trivia tonight. Can i play in the Star Wars #MovieTriviaSchmoedown now? 
#CODZA and we have 5 spots left for our tourneyDon't miss out - this one is going to be a full day lan and party,… 
It was so good! I cannot wait! So much Star Wars goodness to look forward to! 
From a galaxy far far away I have been sent to greet you all this very morning! We shall be emerging ourselves in t… 
Star Wars Cringe Reaction Says More About Everyone Else Than It Does Him via 
Hosted By MFrazz: Look! J.J. Abrams Teases More From ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ 
As seen at #StarWarsCelebration, now you can rebel in style in new Rebel Silver high top sneaker. Inspired… 
Banjo, Star Wars Racer, 
I cannot wait to introduce my future children to Star Wars. 
Ashley, I like Star Wars and video games. I am excited about the new Star Wars movie, but I do not c… 
We rounded up 7 exciting pieces of news from this year's #StarWarsCelebration covering everything from movies, to T… 
‘Meet Joe Black’ Scene With Brad Pitt Was Even Crazier Than It Looks - UNIVERSAL PICTURESMeet Joe Black is known… 
Introduced at #StarWarsCelebration, the new #BB8 low-cut lace up sneakers from embody the adorable astromech… 
hi my name’s abigail and my time in high school can be described using the things i was obsessed withfreshman: Pa… 
Dear single men,Watch what makes you happy, Star Wars or Super hero movies. Wear what makes you happy, like cargo… 
Disney shares rise after Cowen upgrades the stock, citing streaming service launch, new Star Wars… 
adidas Originals Star Wars Micropacer 1/1977 Shoes sz mens 13 RARE G19763 
Four movies I'm excited about this year: Star Wars episode 9, Avengers Endgame, Dark Phoenix, and Brightburn. Gonna… 
Star Wars Pinball Is Coming To Switch With Exclusive Features And A Physical Edition - Nintendo Life 
The Clone Wars Rewatch: Boba Fett Sets a “Death Trap” #Star Wars 
I feel like I need to make a 90s geocities fan site for Library At Mount Char. With detailed info a… 
Yeah I get the appeal of seeing it that way. But Star Wars is already pretty mainstream. 
A Long TIme Ago, In A Galaxy Far, Far Away - Star Wars Hat #hats #caps #cap #headwear #snapback #giftsforthegeeks… 
The fluoride in the water is turning the men into Star Wars geeks#PutThatinYourPipe #TellPat 
Hey Star Wars trailer guy, have you ever seen a girl?#PutThatinYourPipe #TellPat #PatHeads 
I’m proud to say that I have never watched one episode of Star Wars. #TotalWasteOfTime… 
The Star Wars girl looks at what appears to be a mountain, but on closer look, it appears to be part… 
Probably The Rise Of Skywalker a little more, but the video shown at Star Wars Celebration for The Ma… 
Star Wars The Old Republic aged pretty well honestly 
1. Leave the man alone, he loves Star Wars. We all have something we absolutely love that brings us tears 2. Um c… 
Join hosts Tim and Troy as they discuss: Star Wars Celebration! From toys and movies to the people on the floor. Th… 
I had an idea for a few song mashups. Sekiro X Assassins Creed, Star Wars(the force theme) X Assas… 
"Ad:" New Lego 75227 Star Wars Darth Vader Bust 20 Years - Exclusive - SHIPPED!!  FlyingT… 
"Ad:" NEW Lego 7962 Star Wars Anakin's &amp; Sebulba's Podracers FACTORY SEALED  FlyingTreasu… 
"Ad:" New Lego Star Wars Imperial Landing Craft (75221)  FlyingTreasures 
Porkins...the worst name given to any Star Wars character. 
Me, watching star wars (stupid): I don't know what the word allegory means, and I won't look it up. Anyway I'm on the side of the #Empire 
Movie poster of the day: Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker (by Dakota Randall 
Cartoon Star Wars Luggage Tags 
i was pretty fond of solo, there are a bunch of star wars movies i'd rate it above 
Favorite movie review was a friend of my mom's who asked me if I had liked "Star Wars" and what I thought about it.… 
Would we like Jar Jar Binks if he was not in the Star Wars universe and in a standalone story? 
Regarding Appendix N, this is  media that conspired to get me into D&amp;D as a teenager: Flight of Dragons, Rainbow Br… 
and Lego star wars, Doctor Who, or a related head jacket&gt;? 
might be hard to believe, but I’m arguably the biggest star wars fan ever and I enjoyed the last jedi...not just critics... 
I thought you Jabba - like from Star Wars  
Was he an X storm trooper from Star Wars 
My roommate is impressive as fuck.This is a scale model of our apartment wall, made so the massive Star Wars coll… 
April Map for Capital Supremacy REVEALED! Player Population RISING! - Star Wars Battlefront 2 Update StarWars 
STAR WARS ART WALL IS A GO 
Jar Jar Binks Actor Ahmed Best Says George Lucas' Approval Offers Closure Ahmed Best -- the man who played the most… 
Funfact: The Phantom Menace ist mein Lieblings-Star-Wars-Prequel! 
C3P0 is the first character to speak in Star Wars. 
Star Wars: The Last Pringle #AddASnackToMovieOrShow 
The delivery man laughed at my Star Wars pjs. 
Everyone in this frame could make a better Star Wars than 8....and 7....and likely 9.Id watch Jar-Jar… 
Star Wars fans are wired 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIES:Mario: Party 7Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: The Hedgehog (PS3)Metroid: Prime Resident… 
This man deserves all the love for being as passionate about Star Wars as the rest of us.Liking things others don'… 
 johnolivejar: Mark Hamill Loves Trolling Star Wars Fans 
Watching the likes/dopamine flood in after roasting the Star Wars cunt for the 10th time today. 
Watching star wars return of the jedi with my friend. Kinda excited as she has never seen any of them till a few weeks ago 
You know the FORCE they talk about in Star Wars? That’s Beyoncé, she’s the FORCE!!! 
It's ok at least mark hamil virtue signaled to a guy crying about a star wars trailer.At least they wr… 
all the new star wars news has me excited! here's a wip of a little piece im doing for myself c: it's zachary as a… 
The April theme for #StarWars Smuggler's Bounty Box is "Wookiee!" You can preorder now via 
#DARTHVADER #StarWars Inspired #Vinyl #Decal - #FreeShipping via . 
#BOBAFETT Bounty Hunter #StarWars Inspired #Vinyl #Decal - #FreeShipping via . 
Thank you for joining me last night for the conclusion of the Star Wars: Battlefront campaign. Next stream is Friday.  
Can 'Star Wars' Survive After the Skywalker Saga Ends? | Hollywood Reporter 
"Ad:" New Lego Star Wars Imperial Conveyex Transport (75217)  FlyingTreasures 
Hosted By MFrazz: Jar Jar Binks Actor Ahmed Best Says George Lucas' Approval Offers Closure 
Star Wars Day? I dont know her 
Jar Jar Binks Actor Ahmed Best Says George Lucas' Approval Offers Closure 
Star Wars creator, George Lucas helped direct the first episode of season 8 of Game of Thrones #GoT #GameofThrones 
She likes politics he like star wars that makes her a stronger woman, I believe socrat… 
Does not weeping and liking games and star Wars justify as being a tough man, or does… 
Here's another piece I've written for all about #StarWars #TheRiseofSkywalker. Enjoy!! 
Well I just visited Disneyland and Star Wars was still under construction so, there’s a chance 
He’s getting a better orgasm from a Star Wars trailer than her shallow cunt ass could ever give him. 
Star Wars fans would rather have their aged versions of the original trilogy than newer enhanced vers… 
Speaking of Demo Reel, remember when Doug and Rob took inspiration from Jake Lloyd's life post-Star Wars and Elizab… 
I know that it's very divisive among people. I'm not a huge star wars fan like so many others out there, b… 
That won't happen but that doesn't mean that guys like this or me would not stand up a… 
I am not afraid to admit yeah I teared up as well during the ep 9 teaser, I also play… 
Man I've been watching star wars and star trek 
STAR WARS FAN MAIL OF THE ALL NEW IMPERIAL JUMPTROOPER EXCLUSIVE BLACK SERIES! #StarWars #Exclusive #JumpTrooper… 
Star Wars: Mark Hamill supports superfan’s emotional video 
THIS IS A STAR WARS BLOG ANYONE WHO DOESNT LIKE STAR WARS PLS UNFOLOW 
The Jedi Prophecy From The Phantom Menace Has Finally Been Revealed 
I threw it on “Solo: A Star Wars Story” to wind down 
Dudes who pretend they don’t watch Star Wars, Game of Thrones, etc can’t be trusted if they also say they’re master… 
Honestly the realest take is that the best Star Wars things are the games.… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars Black Series 6 inch Lot Of 16 Figures BRAND NEW NO DOUBLES TBS Rare… 
And also note that the guy who wrote the article is assuming that every man who went to war never li… 
Also she may be conservative but yet fails to realise that super hero's have been around since the e… 
I love star wars and I'm studying criminology and psychology looking to get into fore… 
I complimented a kid on his star wars swimsuit a few days ago and after swim lessons he says “may the force be with… 
Hip Hop Star Wars. #hiphopmusic #hiphop #rap #music #rapper #producer #dj #artist #newmusic… 
Honestly, the first one didn't do heaps for me. I get the appeal, I do, but I didn't get the hype. S… 
On the latest #CoffeeWithKenobi: The #StarWarsCelebration Chicago 'Covering #StarWars Panel' featuring 
Remember when Lucas said there were only six movies because "Star Wars is the story of Anaki… 
Phoebe's Fleabag stuff is great and she was also a wonderful droid (L3-37) in Solo: A Star Wars Story. So yeah, bri… 
Now, the eternal debate: Buy a new PC, or update the ancient limited edition Star Wars Alienware tower case into the new sweetness? 
bohemian rhapsody played at star wars celebration this is so beautiful 
Lucas supposedly used illustrations by John Berkey when he pitched STAR WARS to the studios. Inclu… 
Real life. Jk Star Wars. 
lol fuck I just barely turned on tv n I heard Chewy omg — watching Star Wars: The Last Jedi 
we're playing star wars and having a good time 
conspiracy theory: prequel memes were started by disney to trick people into thinking the star wars prequels were g… 
I'm a massive fan of Star Wars and really enjoyed The Last Jedi. 
Even the brides dress included a storm trooper belt. 
Star Wars Celebration KENNER TOYS Panel via Mad Cool Indeed. 
share and share frequently if you love Star Wars an elmo 
Streaming star wars battlefront 2 from 2005 come hang with me! 
Is Emperor Palpatine Returning For Star Wars Episode 9 Rise Of Skywalker ? via 
Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series hands-on preview 
Let him do his thing damn, Star Wars is the shit 
Lego Star Wars all the way 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Darth Vader Bust Helmet 75227 Target Exclusive  FlyingTreasures 
‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer Debuts at Star Wars Celebration   #Hollywood &amp;… 
Not a Star Wars fan myself, but I have been known to cry over music. Don't let anyone take your joy,… 
I often thought they wanted us to live like the star wars villages that seemed like a cross of third wo… 
Here is my Star Wars Ranking (Pic form). #StarWars 
My Star Wars film ranking. Tier List via 
this was the realest shit to come out of Star Wars tho . 
A well deserved rest indeed, you and the team did an awesome job on the Star Wars show during SWC! 
Stop engaging with the Ashley StClair tweet about the Star Wars fan. It’s just fueling her. 
A reaction YouTuber made a video reacting to the new trailer for Star Wa… 
I’m in love with this video thank you star wars 
To vendo star wars 
Pretty sure Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith is the only film in the series that doesn’t feature a scene… 
George Lucas names his favourite Star Wars character – and fans are outraged 
2020 theme suggestion: “Vocal Wars.” All of the choirs could get on stage and sing The Duel of Fates fr… 
Awesome!!! I love what Star Wars does to people. 
Episode 2 Podcast talking about Tiger Woods, Disney+, new Star Wars Trailer, interview with from… 
Now that I'm home from Star Wars Celebration, I'm excited to get started on some items for fundraiser! 
You guys are going to love this new v… 
Kylo Ren #starwars |  STAR WARS  
It’s the only shorts for me and I’m a happily married man that loves Star Wars! 
This is so beautiful it made me cry. I love this fandom and all the friends I have made in it. Thank you Star Wars 
Then you didn't read it. She never said that. She even followed up a… 
Gal Gator is great and all, but what does she know about hockey or Star Wars? Your rope is taut. No slack here. 
It won't ever be good. This new trilogy will never be the original 3. It's not made with the same car… 
Discussing graduation in class today and multiple people kept referring to us as "Masters." I had to bite my tongue… 
So, if Kylo Ren is the 'most-hated' Star Wars villain, why are there so many obvious requests for Kylo Ren cakes? 
Star Wars au where everything is the same except Kylo is shirtless the entire time. 
Former Mayor of Minneapolis Bringing A-Game Star Wars Meme Material.The Force is indeed with her. 
Things can be awful and fun, Ed. Disaster movies. Star Wars. Even Ki… 
Nice!! I’ll be getting the audible after finishing two Star Wars audible books. 
One of the best moments at #SWCC2019 was finally meeting the merry men from Their YT channel is a w… 
Baught Star Wars 
Todays ponder:Amongst all the hype, I wonder if the general public realise there is more on television or shown a… 
Looks like star wars kotor might see the light of day again 
Maybe 9 parts like Star Wars?  
I bet sex in the Star Wars galaxy is lit 
A Star Wars Fan Predicted Episode IX's Title and Palpatine's Return ... Back in 2012 
The Magmethius Canteen music from Space Quest IV. You can really hear that it's based on the Star Wars Cantina musi… 
Check out 1995 MICRO MACHINES STAR WARS MILLENNIUM FALCON PLAY SET NEW  via 
I just gave notes on a children’s Star Wars Christmas play. After watching the 2016 edition, the 2019 version needs… 
Check out 1995 STAR WARS DARTH VADER POWER TALKER VOICE CHANGING MASK NEW IN BOX  via 
This video should go VIRAL! If it does not then you HATE your childhood and STAR WARS!!! 
Check out 1995 AMT/ERTL STAR WARS X-WING FIGHTER FLIGHT DISPLAY MODEL KIT NEW SEALED #Ertl via 
Check out 1997 STAR WARS EPIC FORCE ROTATING FIGURE BOBA FETT NEW IN BOX! #StarWars via 
Check out Hasbro/Galoob/MicroMachines Star Wars Micro Machines Empire Strikes Back Ice... #Galoob via 
Check out 1997 STAR WARS TIGER ELECTRONICS R2-D2 PERSONAL CASSETTE PLAYER WALKMAN NEW  via 
Check out Kenner Star Wars Complete Galaxy Dagobah With Yoda Action Figure #Kenner via 
Check out 1995 MICRO MACHINES SPACE STAR WARS LIMITED EDITION BRONZE COLLECTOR'S GIFT SET   via 
Check out 2009 STAR WARS TRANSFORMERS CROSSOVERS ANAKIN SKYWALKER THE TWILIGHT  #Hasbro via 
Ah, right straight to the heart Star Wars. Right to the . #StarWars #StarWarsCelebration 
Check out 2007 STAR WARS TRANSFORMERS GENERAL GRIEVOUS WHEEL BIKE NEW IN BOX! #HASBRO via 
If you could see one character from Star Wars interact with one character from Game of Thrones who wo… 
Check out Hasbro Star Wars Transformers: Jango Fett Slave 1 Action Figure #Hasbro via 
I will be completely honest. An old friend of mine as well liked Kpop. I had heard it a couple yea… 
Check out 2006 STAR WARS TRANSFORMERS DARTH VADER ADVANCED ACTION FIGURE NEW IN BOX! #HASBRO via 
When will sites post articles like "Angry Nerds Complain About White Male Star Wars Character"?They… 
Check out 2006 STAR WARS TRANSFORMERS EMPEROR PALPATINE IMPERIAL SHUTTLE NEW IN BOX #HASBRO via 
I wanna watch the 8th Star Wars bc I haven’t seen it but I feel like I need to watch the 7th again first also I hav… 
Check out 2007 STAR WARS TRANSFORMERS SAESEE TIIN JEDI STARFIGHTER NEW IN BOX  via 
Check out 2005 STAR WARS TRANSFORMERS LUKE SKYWALKER X-WING FIGHTER NEW IN BOX  via 
Cargo shorts are the ultimate garment when it comes to combining fashion and functionality. Also, Star Wars is a gr… 
Gosh, this new Star Wars movie looks amazing. 
Check out 1983 STAR WARS RETURN OF THE JEDI METAL LUNCH BOX WITH THERMOS  via 
"Ad:" Fantasy Flight Star Wars X-Wing Collection  FlyingTreasures 
Check out 1979 TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX STAR WARS MILLENNIUM FALCON MPC MODEL ILLUMINATED NEW #MPC via 
Worf and Co blows up a star to wipe out an entire Jem'Hadar shipyard.Your move, Star Wars. #DS9 #ShadowsAndSymbols #allstartrek 
You just confirmed that 20% of the people possess 80% of the intelligence and productivity.… 
#studyingstarwarsWhere 'Star Wars' Can Go After the Skywalker Saga 
Check out 1980 STAR WARS PLASTIC LUNCH BOX WITH THERMOS NEW WITH PAPER BRIGHT SO CLEAN #Thermos via 
As a semi-Star Wars fan. Possibly like a Sith lords mask. 
Coca-Cola, Disney partner with ‘Star Wars’ for exclusive drink bottles 
Check out 1983 STAR WARS DARTH VADER SUN CATCHERS I GOT 2 1ST SOLD GETS BETTER OF 2  via 
is well known for trolling "Star Wars" fans, particularly about the details of “The Rise of Skywalk… 
How fans will make their own lightsabers at Disney’s Star Wars land 
LEGO Star Wars 
If I’m not dead, we’ll probable watch Star Wars or go to a baseball game. You know, normal stuff like we’ve always done. 
Starting a script for fire Kathleen Kennedy! We Star Wars fans must group together so the next 10 years of Star War… 
Yes the fans reaction was over the top, but she made a blanket statement ab… 
Star Wars themed coffee shop - BrewbaccaIt's okay. I'll hit myself with rotten tomatoes. 
Ouch she just roasted me twice I like Star Wars and wear cargo shorts  
"Ad:" Fantasy: VERY RARE! STAR WARS 13" RUBBER YODA PUPPET- APPLAUSE- 1999-LUCASFILM  Fly… 
Star Trek Discovery is about to finish it's 2nd season (and it was good!) Infinity Wars Endgame is out in a week, a… 
Finally watched the Star Wars trailer, and I'm SO excited for this! #starwars #theriseofskywalker 
Gonna do some Star Wars today:SoloThe Force AwakensThe Last Jedi 
I probably have too many Star Wars Funko Pops. 
Just now getting to watch the Star Wars trilogy, and all I can say is no no no no no no! Don’t toy with my emotions like that 
Joe. Why don't you have a go at star wars the old Republic? Making people pay £8.99 a month to get. H… 
This is about the equivalent of using a Gonk droid against The Emperor in Lego Star Wars. 
this man is so happy it is literally RADIATING off my screen. im not even heavy into star wars but seeing this man… 
It's a fold-out cover: WANTED: Anything resembling Star Wars. 
Well, she said super hero movies too. But yeah, Star Wars is fine, but it's not like a life changing event 
Easily the worst STAR WARS movie to get a theatrical release.Think about that for a minute. 
viendo Star Wars 
Dont watch Star Wars homes 
Everything That Happened at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 | Disney 
Star Wars: Battlefront II! Come Hangout and Relax! #SmallStreamer #Mixer #Twitch 
Also, bet your ass Lily is a Kiss fan and a Star Wars fan. 
What a bunch of crap and lies... star wars is more believable 
Star Wars is going to start sucking the same way the big AAA titles suck when they discover they can make money by… 
Another movie I had to watch recently just to make sure it was as terrible as I remembered it is Phantom Menace. Ne… 
That moment when you realize that your Star Wars character on is surprisingly channeling some of the s… 
Everything That Happened at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 | Disney From announcing the title of Star Wars: Th… 
Kinda funny the Mouse mentions James Bond in their Star Wars… 
This week on the BCC podcast we start by taking a look at the set images for the new release of the LEGO Tantive IV… 
Back To The Classics! Hasbro To Bring Back Retro 'Star Wars' Figurines #Art #Design… 
Star Wars of Thrones 
anyone wanna watch star wars 
"Ad:" *NEW* Star Wars: Bounty Hunter Zuckuss 1/10 Scale ArtFX+ Statue by Kotobukiya  Flyi… 
It means so much more to us than just laser swords and space battles, deep into the star wars mytholog… 
If you get a Star Wars: The Old Republic account, you can visit a player stronghold and "dres… 
Exactly it really is, they think we are nothing but recluse and have nothing going for us, star wars a… 
Star Wars Episode IX: Please Come Back 
in defense of my fellow Star Wars fan -I bawled like a baby at Van Hohenheim’s last scene in FullMe… 
Dia 107. Finn(Star Wars) 
I just posted "Star Wars Fan Guessed The Title And Twist Of Episode IX Back In 2012!" on 
"Ad:" lego star wars rebel u-wing fighter 75155  FlyingTreasures 
"Star Wars and superhero movies have given rise to a culture of undateable men."Fuck yeah didn't need anyone to s… 
The girl who told me I should just kill myself because I had seen Star Wars and still preferred Star Tre… 
This video is harmless, he just likes a series and is excited about a new movie. There are definitely ob… 
Awesome, can't wait. Loved the Oracle Year. Pre-Order complete. I missed Star Wars Celebration, what… 
Rogue One is the best Star Wars movi… 
That's pretty much how I respond to those particular Star Wars movies.  
Star Wars: Episode X: Into the Rey-Verse  
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – Teaser Review 
I really really wanna get my star wars tattoo already ok 
demos building business processes (featuring Star Wars animations) using Flowable and deploying the resul… 
Star Wars, Titanic 
Seeing the new #starwars trailer and Respawn game got me excited for some Star Wars. I played a little of… 
I’m a huge Star Wars fan, I’ve watched and read everything canon... there’s no reason to bully this kid… 
 LIVE!!! On we talk Star Wars Celebration!!!! Tune in!! #hansolo #chewbacca… 
Come on by I am live playing some Star Wars: The Old Republic. 
Kinda like how Space Balls is the same world as Star Wars?  
I really love Star Wars so much 
Why are you such a pathetic loser? Maybe if you take down the Star Wars poster, you’d actually get a normal woman on a date. 
funny, cause you were just giving shit about the new star wars game 
interstellar WestworldLego star Wars 
Controversial #StarWars opinion: a lot of people will find this hard to believe, but I’m one of those fans who actually likes Star Wars. 
The Star Wars That I Used to Know: 
ahh yes, my favorite star wars character... obi one konbi 
We understand that, pero personalmente Star Wars no es tan entertaining como hunger games 
May the 4th Be With You Star Wars Darth Vadar  Skull Cap Helmet Lined Du Rag hat chemo cap surgical hat motorcycle… 
you trying to prove sum’n? let the man love star wars. tf wrong with you, who raised you. spread the… 
Or he had his star wars action figures taken away.. 
I'm here for the compliments on my beard first and foremost. Second, I'm here for… 
Werner Herzog as a “Star Wars” villain? Really? 
People who didn’t like Eric being insulted for enjoying a Star Wars Trailer = LeftistsLogic 100 
Yo Star Wars lore YouTubers, let's be real more art less facecam. K thx, love ya 
He looks like the My Pillow Guy of the Star Wars universe. I like it. 
Is that the guy crying over the Star Wars preview? 
The Star Wars universe is only going to get bigger after Star Wars IX closes out the Skywalker Saga this December.L… 
Hey for everyone sharing the Star Wars reaction guy: why are you perpetuating the culture of watching other people's reaction to stuff? 
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic pode retornar no futuro, indica Lucasfilm 
Yeah. Like, I'm only bummed that out of all the species in Star Wars they chose another human as the protagonist. 
I won't be ready to shut up about it for at least two weeks! RIP anyone who doesn't like Star Wars and follows me anywhere. 
Voting is 50/50 so I'll do Warbands tonight and some Star Wars tomorrow(?). Let's do it baby. Fighting those bad vi… 
Also, I looked into this and it seems like me the majority of people getting angry at this are whi… 
Water Cooler: Game of Thrones, Barry, Star Wars, Guava Island, Veep, Dark Side of the Ring, Detour, Little, Twiligh… 
STAR WARS STAR TREK MICRO MACHINES BARBIE ZENITH TMNT MARIO DANGER GIRL CHRISSY DOLL LEGOS VIDEO GAMES MODEL KITS A… 
superbetterstuff:I Love These Star Wars Hoodies.And you? (23%~38%OFF)Here are links:001 || 002003 || 00400… 
It wouldn’t be dinner with my dad if Star Wars theories didn’t come up at least once 
Remember when everyone enjoyed Star Wars equally? We'd all talking about our favorite parts to each other and geek… 
Check out Ep 9 on Ep IX of podcastMy theory: Skywalker refers to the Force Sensitive pilots me… 
That’ll keep them from finding out my hot Star Wars theories 
I mean c'mon, ya gotta like.....I mean c'monnnn! Star Wars: The Last Straw - Part 1 via 
star wars da fisica 
Well now I want a Star Wars film set to Queen. 
For those wondering DJ is still the best character in star wars bar none thank you. 
The midnight showings were all packed. We were there hours in advance with a ton of kids from sch… 
Question... I know you,  aren’t a fan of the Star Wars episodes 1, 2, or 3, but what is the best Prequel o… 
The Odd Physics of Rey's Backflip in *Star Wars: Episode IX* 
Not entirely on-topic, but this puts into better words than I can how I think the Sith or general Dar… 
Star Wars: Episode 9 - What We Know So Far About The Rise Of Skywalker 
I feel bad for white people. Like, being called "generic" just feels like a brutal 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Vintage Kenner Star Wars Death Star Playset Rope Accessory RARE!  FlyingTr… 
ARTWORK BY EDITONE NY STAR WARS FAN ART ON CANVAS 20X16 fan art $79.99 
I am a Jedi Mom. : ) #StarWars #momlife 13 Signs You're a 'Star Wars' Jedi Mom (GIFS) 
Avengers o Star Wars? 
Mark Hamill defends ‘Star Wars’ superfan’s emotional response to ‘The Rise of Skywalker’ trailer -… 
I know a lot of people really dislike Star Wars Episode VIII but I love it and I loved the trailer for IX! I can’t… 
Come meet artist Dave Ross at Comicfest Denver! Comicfest will be part of the 42nd annual , April 2… 
Its like they are one of those intense fanboys that boycott the latest Star Wars or Marvel movie due to S… 
I came for the churchy stuff, stayed for the Star Wars stuff. And the churchy stuff. 
When gets on board with your Star Wars puns! 
#StarWars Legend Mark Hamill Says Disney Can't Fire Him For Trolling His Fans - 
I’ve been called a “Star Wars expert” in meetings 3 times in the last week 
I’d rather be a planet loving, social justice Star Wars fan - than support a elite, orange crooked sex offender. Go… 
ELMO REACTS TO STAR WARS Episode 9: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER via #StarWars 
It's an interesting question. For me, TLJ didn't mean that "anyone can be a Jedi"… 
I forgot to share this review last week. Check out the long-awaited and highly-anticipated Star Wars The Vintage Co… 
How fans will make their own lightsabers at Disney’s Star Wars land - Polygon 
Stop making Star Wars references RETARD 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Trailer IS A SCAM!!! via 
this guy is literally such a mood. I cried so hard during this trailer too and he’s honestly THE CUTEST. he’s a pur… 
Good for you Mark 
i am very much enjoying listing to carrie fisher tell me about her affair with harrison ford during the star wars movie filming as 
I really hope that Star Wars reaction guy that was getting teased for his excitement knows how many more people emp… 
Star Wars really is dumb proved 
Well shit I've been hoping for a Star Wars thing I could cosplay.  
Some Star Wars books are nice excursions with small stories that add very little the larger mythology of the films.… 
So. Stream ideas for tonight. Star Wars, Marbles on Stream, or Mount &amp; Blade with cheats. What do you all think?… 
All of the social systems and governmental systems of Star Wars are so deeply dysfunctional once you get to look closely. 
One of the greatest things in my life is nerding out with my boyfriend over Marvel and me asking hi… 
Kevin Smith Thinks #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Might Introduce A New Religion - 
Disney trying to reboot/remake their animated classics and adding way more content to the Star Wars universe than w… 
“He turns to me and says, 'Hey, kid. It ain’t that kind of a movie. If people are looking at your hair, we’re all i… 
I’m a huge Star Wars fan, her statement is way out of context and same thing goes for all the Marvel fans in the world. 
Zack Ryder checks out Hasbro&amp;#39;s "Star Wars" 40th Anniversary figures: WWE Unboxed with Zack Ryder… 
The Force is strong with this Star Wars t-shirt ticket package for May 4th. Only 2 days left to place your orders!… 
Star Wars vs military 
Star Wars: The Phantom Menace cast and crew reunite for 20th anniversary 
A king is nothing without  his queen. His closest friend.  I heard somewhere that Lupita's favorite animal is a me… 
star wars ep vii (acho) 
You’re undateable, actually bet your bf will cheat, with a star wars fan. 
So I for some reason just got around to watching Han Solo a #StarWars story tonight. It just didn't appeal to me ev… 
I know women as passionate about star wars and pop culture that would die to have a guy… 
Damn Star Wars VIII too slow to watch 
Imagine making a certain #hottake and then, when you inevitably get a 'fair share' of people riled up, getting all… 
Has anyone discussed the Luxo Jr. homage in the "Rise… 
STAR WARS: The Old Republic - 'Build Your Legacy' Trailer via Free for Now 
Was Kylo Ren Corrupted By Darth Sidious Instead Of 
Back to the future or first Star Wars trilogy 
Oh my mistake. I thought it male dog. Lol. Are you a Star Wars or Star Trek fan? 
Star Wars?!?!?!?! WTG Another reason to be excited for #TheMandalorian #stoked #cantwait 
                                 Ready to blast offTo Star Wars: Galaxy’s EdgeAnd live out your dr… 
well i hope they change cuz you know what's crazy? out of an entire console generation we got 3 star… 
The Exclusive #StarWars #TheBlackSeries #EmperorPalpatine Action Figure with Throne 6-inch Scale… 
These horrible nasty people that claim to be Star Wars fans need to grow up and find something else t… 
The face you make when you realize there weren’t any Obi-Wan Spinoff news in Star Wars Celebration. 
I to am a massive zelda fan (like something wrong with me lol) Harry Potter and of course star wars fa… 
Does...does she know Star Wars has been around since the 1970s? And superheroes since the 1930s? 
Jealous of that amount of sleep. Deep sleep comas are the best. But you guys worked your butts off this w… 
Rey’s Parents Might Be in the Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Trailer 
I'm not even gonna get into it LOL. Probably some sort of nerd comment I'd imagine. I've never seen… 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Scout Trooper And Speeder Bike-75532  FlyingTreasures 
It's like being first in line to see a Star Wars movie. So ridiculous. You can get a jump on making stuff up tonight. 
Pretend you hate Star Wars til the third date, close the deal and then bust out one of those emperor laughs. 
Why are you shaming men for liking star wars? I have an obsession with the walking dead and no one s… 
It’s not are fault that cargo pants feel so good wearing to the movies to watch Star Wars 
Yeah, the Star Wars bar. Marc, stick to film and 86 the political commentary, it’s not your specialty. 
1/2  1/2 Star Wars StanConservative don’t meMake America Great Again Puerto Rican Pride Sagittarius Marvel Stan 
I was wondering the same thing but Endor itself is a gas giant (according to what the St… 
You know Star Wars is in a bad place when you're at a Costco stor… 
Yeah, that's pretty bullshit. I learned that lesson years ago under similar circumstances. $250… 
or depending if you mean politics or Star Wars.  
fat guys moaning incoherently about star wars 
You should’ve videotaped it lol. I can’t wait to watch those movies with my son. He’s 7 months now so I… 
Been thinking a lot about and the next movie Episode 9. I am excited but cautious. I love Star Wars the w… 
I could give you a really lame AMA. Trust me. Most of my interests and experiences boil down to some cool concerts,… 
Disney + will explore new stories in Star Wars and Marvel series 
that Ewok crossing its arms in the front is my new favorite Star Wars character 
Star Wars: Force for Change Teams up with FIRST via 
The cheating was the real #dealbreaker but that Star Wars thing should’ve been it. 
Passing a store with a #StarWars display.Me: That’s awesome!Her: What’s that?Me: Tha… 
In the Star Wars mythos (as it currently stands) the dark side is itself an imbalan… 
Star Wars fans are in date able 
Instead of not watching GoT and Star Wars how bout y’all hipsters quit breathing oxygen and really show us how fuckin’ unique you are huh? 
star wars started with the fourth movie. 
When people make fun of Star Wars 
Star Wars Episode IX Theory Suggests Skywalker In Question May Be Ben Solo - 
Are they... are they turning this whole thing around and trying to play the victims now? After atta… 
As a transwoman who has been a Star Wars fan for longer than she could talk, it war… 
get this Ho. I look fly in my cargo shorts and Star Wars tees 
BBTS Sponsor News: Transformers, Batman TAS, Mortal Kombat, Star Wars, Dragon Ball, Avengers: Endgame &amp; More! 
Death Star from Star Wars? 
Are Star Wars fans......Keeping Up With The Skywalkers? 
Star Wars has really gone off the rails. 
I have an online movie theater and just realized there's a Star Wars knock off that was made years ago… 
Can you not make fun of this innocent man for the pure joy he feels watching Star Wars? Honestly 
Tipo The Phantom Menace en Star Wars (?) 
Areas where Star Trek is different than Star Wars:1.) In Star Trek, anything not in a movie or show is non canon.… 
Star Wars Ring Theorists collectively shat themselves with glee. 
Kevin Smith Has An Intriguing ‘Star Wars’ Theory About The Title Of ‘The Rise Of Skywalker’ 
OMG Tag a Star Wars Friend!Via:     Follow us For credits/rem… 
Jar Jar Binks is Still George Lucas' Favorite 'Star Wars' Character 
I get what you are saying but I was just happy when I saw it and it reminded me of my… 
I would love to be as passionate about literally anything as that guy is about Star Wars. In the off ch… 
Went to one of these when I was young, have a signed picture of the actor that played boba fett, it is a… 
Check this week's podcast episode, live every Monday!Star Wars Can't Not Be Awesome 
Hey #StarWars Family! Do me a solid and follow We will be posting everything Star Wars! 
Jar Jar Binks Is Still George Lucas’ Favorite Star Wars Character 
is Giving away free stuff again!! Win a $50 Steam Gift Card!! Follow the link below.. Entry is free or… 
ITS GIVEAWAY TIME AGAIN!! Win a $50 Steam Gift Card!! Follow the link below.. Entry is free or you can donate to bo… 
But the YouTubers claim Star Wars is Dead. 
Farming the Future - A little bit Star Wars mixed with a lot of real engineering. Deere and Case IH have big plans… 
most inconsiderate people can never understand compassion or have an acceptance towards others. That… 
I hope you make a TON of money off this Star Wars trailer thing. PS.  Be honest though, you watched… 
While I’ll admit he might be over reacting a little bit, you have no idea how much Star Wars means t… 
Photo Highlights from Star Wars Celebration Chicago: Cosplay, Panels, and More! 
Who else had to immediately watch it a second time? Our Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker Teaser Trailer… 
-Marvel-Toy Story-Star Wars-Indiana Jones 
Hi Eric, my name is John. Saw your reaction video to Star Wars. I want to invite you to a SW group on… 
Dude, I get more excited than this over Game of Thrones and Harry Potter franchise trailers, and Star Wars kicks ma… 
Star Wars: Rebels REVISITED "Spark of Rebellion Part 1" (Episode 1) 
The annual chili cook-off event in is going to be Star Wars themed this year. #bookmobile… 
I don't think so. I have no opinion because I haven't seen it at all, but I think it's silly to hav… 
Perhaps if he hadn’t been featured in that viral Star Wars trailer video weeping and soi… 
Not all men who are into superhero movies and Star Wars are like this guy though. 
Let me know how that one goes.  I’ve dug many of the recent Star Wars titles, and am always game for more. 
This is bullying. The fact that you feel the need to bring others down simply for being happy makes you a LOT more… 
Knights of Ren Lightsaber &amp; Armor Meanings Revealed! - Star Wars Episode 8: The Last Jedi StarWars 
Why Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Needs To Work As A Standalone Movie, According To J.J. Abrams 
I think it will be the best addition to Star Wars is the Disney era 
Someone check through his Youtube favs to be sure it has no videos on "Star Wars RUINED cause Diversity!" 
Vague Won: A Star Wars Review -- The Rogue One review that nobody wanted via 
The only star wars story i care about is set 250 years post episode 9. 
All the Hasbro Star Wars Reveals From Celebration! 
News about Timothy Zahn, our Author Guest of Honor: 
Also being conservative doesn’t mean we have to be aholes all the time. Maybe he has… 
Is this about the rude girl putting down the star wars fan 
HE BETTER (also I watched the live stream from Star Wars celebration it honestly sounds like he’s ignori… 
Meus favoritos?Mario: 64Zelda: OoTSonic: HeroesMetroid: N/A (MegaMan X4)Resident Evil: N/A (007… 
What’s better than Disneyland and Star Wars? Nothing! Check out the first episode of season 2 of my Disneyland hist… 
I too thought the Venn diagram for conference watchers and Star Wars lovers was one circle, but so many… 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - Teaser Review  Cinemassacre #Gaming 
terrible movie that shouldn’t be canon and should be erased from the history of the franchise alongside… 
He literally just really loves Star Wars. Nothing about this is bad or makes him undateable. Some of you are so mis… 
R.I.P. to the people who followed me because of my conference tweets and promptly unfollowed me because of my Star… 
My first one of yours was Home Alone.  Most recent was Casablanca.  But I’ll be at Star Wars and Harr… 
My sources have leaked some stills from the actual opening… 
Tl;dr of the MCU Also can't waitAlso also Star Wars 
BBTS Sponsor News: Transformers, Batman TAS, Mortal Kombat, Star Wars, Dragon Ball, Avengers: Endgame &amp; More!… 
I’ve loved Star Wars and Super Heroes since I was a kid... am I undateable?  
The Alien Offensive is back to satisfy your inner geekdom! Have you seen the new Star Wars teaser trailer?  Of cour… 
First, pick better movies. Star Wars is crap. Second you, assumed she’d want to (this… 
Totally! But the 5 year old in me still feels loyalty to Star… 
Have any of them recorded their reaction to the new Star Wars trailer? 
I’ve argued a lot lately that Disney refuses to take risks with their movies and shows, but they cast both Bill Bur… 
I don't want to be 'that guy', but one of your employees   has been sending out so… 
So nicely put. Star Wars sucked after the third one. Good grief. The first one was grea… 
My little sister won't watch The Guardians of the Galaxy coz she thinks it looks like star wars 
Link in bio - Yooooo!!!!! GOT talk, Endgame excitement, and Star Wars trailer meh! This week on The Soapbox Podcast… 
Interesting read for Star Wars fans. 
Q: What do you get when you cross an obscure '00s indy wrestler with a Star Wars villain?A: Dan Maff Tarkin 
I only wish Star Wars could still bring me this much joy. SJW Disney has ruined it. 
I can't decide if "vintage kenner star wars box" or "original Nintendo cartridge art" aesthetic is… 
Kallus Reveals Himself to Zeb! Star Wars Rebels REVISITED Season 1 Episode 3 
Mario: SMWZelda: The Legend ofSonic: mania Metroid: superResident Evil: 2 (só joguei esse)Star W… 
If someone needed an image to make a NPC joke here you go. Funny when I was a kid everyone dressed… 
New episode of the podcast! We dive into the new Star Wars trailer with the powerful 
#news - Mark Hamill’s Harrison Ford Impression Will Make You Laugh Out Loud - - Mark Hamill… 
This that same chick crying about men being stoked for Star WarsWHERE'S THE ROACH SPRAY 
The force will be strong with this chili. #sorrynotsorry 
Just ask those people how many Star Wars movies Lucas had planned to make total. There's like 6 different right answers. 
Star Wars Episode 8 - Luke Skywalker&amp;#39;s Huge Connection to Poe Dameron | Star Wars HQ StarWars 
Hamill commented on what it's been like to troll Star Wars fans ahead of the "Rise of Skywalker" release. 
In honor of hump day, here's some happy Mar ) content headed your way. 
It's nice that people are asking about it to keep Kotor visible, but I'm sure the creatives Disney has… 
Welcome to Star Wars offseason 
No he just loves the now crap Star Wars franchise 
My sons are named Revan and Malak. KotOR is the absolute best Star Wars storyline. If these movies get made, I'll d… 
Star Wars sucks ...:fight me 
Like star wars things.. that's so cool!! 
You know. If y'all are fucking mad that the character in Star Wars: Fallen Order is a white dude, get fucking over… 
Star Wars fans are undate able 
Ezra and Zeb Steal a Tie Fighter! Star Wars: Rebels REVISTED (Episode 4) 
Who is Kanan Jarrus? Spark of Rebellion:  Part 2 Star Wars: Rebels REVISTED (Episode 2) 
Hey, Eric! Been watching your reaction to #TheRiseofSkywalker trailer cause it’s just that awesome. I… 
Did I day drink margaritas then buy a millennium falcon model kit? Yes. Was it a responsible decision? No. Do I reg… 
So true. My daughter has been a manga, comics, Star Wars girl her entire life. She’s 31 no… 
Nadler actually was the actor who played Java the Hut in Star Wars  
Please let me one day have fans who enjoy my fictional universes like this guy enjoys Star Wars. I absolutely love… 
J.J. Abrams on why he chose the Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker title 
What I see myself using a bunch of apps to plan this new star wars campaign vs. How my roomate sees me 
Tulsa Project Theatre presents two unique shows! "One-Man Pride &amp; Prejudice" May 18 a 2 p.m. (Tix… 
star wars cast doing r2-d2 beep 
Star Wars is actually not western culture, it’s colonialized eastern culture, so it skates by on a technicality 
Don’t miss this rare chance to see the original Star Wars film on the big screen with its epic score performed by a… 
Hey everyone! Head over to the Facebook page, or the YouTube channel to check out my newest video where I am doing… 
Slowly and firmly, KK. Just because it's unexplored ground for movies, doesn't mean it won't need a -e… 
This series died for me after the Last Jedi. Worst Star Wars movie EVER 
4 Plausible Star Wars Episode IX Theories (Episode 59) 
Pretty sure all the Star Wars bros would collectively lose their shit and combust. It would be doing… 
May the 4th Star Wars Coupon 
5 of 5 stars to Star Wars by Charles Soule 
My daughter is an artist and works in comics/graphic novels, etc. She was managing the soc… 
"Ad:" Brand New Lego Star Wars Sandcrawler (75220)  FlyingTreasures 
Even tho Star Wars is one of the 
*video of Star Wars nerd enjoying trailer*“OMG so cute, no one should attack him for innocently enjoying somethin… 
Star Wars virtual reality at the Void in Disney World and Disneyland of the Empire… 
I ONLY date Star Wars fans 
We obsessed over the #StarWars #TheRiseofSkywalker trailer. Come check out our thoughts on what we might see in the… 
Fri May 3, North Vancouver: It's Star Wars Night for with an all-#womeninSTEM lineup at the Eagles Club… 
A Chessplayer walks into a Star Wars convention: Full story on the Chess Foundation All Girls Nationals… 
Fan Predicted Star Wars IX Title and Palpatine's Return Years Ago #StarWars #StarWarsTheRiseofSkywalker… 
What It Would Be Like to Live on Starkiller Base: Your Life in Star Wars (Prelude to Episode 8) StarWars 
You know what? Yeah I'm pissed off about what Disney did with Star Wars. But I don't sit here bitching about it all… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: STAR WARS 1999 Micro Machines Episode 1 NEW RARE Trade Federation Mtt/ Naboo 
Yes... that new Star Wars fad that just popped up *checks notes* 42 years ago, has certainly been the death knell f… 
1. Witcher 32. Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic3. Zelda BOTW4. God of War (2018)5. Super Mari… 
Just saying you can have both and satisfy everyone's niche. That's not a waste of money if you're ab… 
Kanan Meets the Grand Inquisitor! Star Wars: Rebels REVISTED 
Literally no one said they weren't men. I love comics and star wars.… 
Well if you enjoy star wars you should enjoy the games being made regard… 
Hey thanks for the heads up that it was on Unlimited! Dipping my toes in Star Wars has given me a mi… 
So proud to be a mentor and a #ForceForChange with the robotics team. Thank you Disney and Sta… 
Lol uneducated yet you quote something outnof context . . . Look at it again and you might… 
If we ain’t crying over Star Wars and super hero movies together then I don’t want you. This man can have my whole… 
Jedi: Fallen Order Dev Says Your Lightsaber Will Grow And Evolve During Gameplay 
BREAKING NEWS! Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic Movie or Series IN DEVELOPMENT! Full details here:… 
Planning a trip to Disney this summer? You can't have a trip without some iconic Mickey Mouse ears.... I think the… 
Star Wars people, amirite? 
I uploaded a new episode, "Episode 6 - OverwatchProject Dreamlog Travolta, Archons, Star Wars.", on #spreaker… 
Asi me paso con star wars! 
This is still me but with Star Wars  
Making fun of  a star wars fan ? 
Finally got around to seeing the Solo Star Wars story and it S L A P S 
The Odd Physics of Rey's Backflip in Star Wars: Episode IX 
I’m hoping for some Star Wars trailer reactions. Maybe you can duo with Eric while wearing cargo shorts? 
Do you think the Star Wars Incels would be satisfied if we let Barr take a crack at rewriting the movies? 
My favorite is Star Wars before Rian Johnson. 
I wonder if the difference is generational. Twitter folks tend to be older than Tumblr. The Star Wars… 
A lot of people associate haiku and Star Wars with me! Which is logical because I associate haiku and Star Wars wit… 
i can't wait to see the star wars episode 9. ur a great actor. keep up the great work 
#StarWars Sequel Trilogy Characters To Return After #TheRiseofSkywalker - 
Hisao Tamaki is an almost criminally underrated mangaka (sez the wholly unbiased guy who happened to work on US-mar… 
Star Wars Episode 9 Trailer Reaction. Are YOU Excited? via 
Mines are:1. MCU2. Harry Potter3. Star Wars 4. Nightmare on Elm Street 
1. MCU2. Harry Potter3. Star Wars 4. Nightmare on Elm Street 
A Primer on Navigating Star Wars News &amp; Rumors (Episode 61) 
But no Star Wars 
Star Wars was to American culture what Lord of the Rings was to English. The difference being Lucas did it on accid… 
Co-worker 1: What’s that thing from Lord of the Rings? Me: What thing? You’ll have to be more specific. CO1: That… 
Star Wars cosplay is taking selfies with three people over the weekend and only fully realizing that they were all… 
Reloading #210 – Disney+ nos consoles, Star Wars: Fallen Order, Forza Street | RELOADING - Atualize-se, gamer! 
The twist at the end of Star Wars: Rise of the Skywalker is that a guy steps out of Chewbacca's costume and no one acts like its weird 
I was interviewed by and you should go check it out! He was particularly graceful while I ranted about… 
Star Wars fans are not what they use to be. 
For those of us who are Star Wars and Muppet Show fans, the best of both worlds. 
This may be a regional thing for me but...Say you spent the weekend at a football game, or music festival and no… 
Original star wars trilogy. I can always put in Tommy Boy too! 
Hell yeah, that’s the kind of film making that’s lacking these days. Concepts like “what if the cast o… 
Snapology Giveaway! LEGO Star Wars Millennium Falcon Building Kit #giveaway #win 
Once upon a time I would relish this idea but at this point I don't want Disney ruining any more of Star W… 
any possibility of timing the release of the eventual Star Wars episode with ‘s upcoming R… 
Star Wars is for gay nerds  Star Trek is for BIG PIMPZ   any questions? 
Not sure if this lady is listening to classical music  or like movie theme songs I swear I’ve heard Jurassic Park… 
Star Wars Celebration Preparation!  (Episode 66) by Tatooine Sons • A podcast on Anchor 
Star Wars: Resistance fans treated to season 2's first episode at Celebration Chicago 
Always love when I can work Star Wars references into my posts "How to create a URL that sends people to a specific… 
I'm guilty of never being a big Star Wars fan.  The #sf movie that inspired me most was this 
Or if Palpatine's essence is imbued in something he owned or in a location he frequented and taint… 
Star Wars Characters Favorite Wall Clock Decor Vintage Black Vinyl Gift Room Wedding Party Review… 
Star Wars served a roll to inspire, however, Star Trek served the roll of showing... 
I don't want to be 'that guy', but one of your employees  has been sending… 
Me either, also never have read or seen anything Harry Potter, Star Trek or Star Wars movies either, but my life is just fine! 
Don't listen to that bitch! Many men like you have families and maybe… 
We love MK! HS is also great, I’ve found some really cool pins there. Last trip I fou… 
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Star Wars Graphic Sleeveless Crop Top.… 
These are 5 key lessons about #digitaltransformation hidden in the latest trailer for #EpisodeIX… 
rules in the fallen order trailer), without fully embracing the past. This will bring balance to the force, the tri… 
I didn’t I brought her up later because the original thread wa… 
The Jedi Prophecy In #StarWars: The Phantom Menace Has Finally Been Revealed 
These fuckers better do what Star Wars did and just use Steve Downes’ voice with someone else playing the character. 
It's not real as in its a fictional story. It is not going to provide… 
Unpopular Opinion: not a huge Beyonce fan. I don't dislike her or anything, but I definitely don't understand why s… 
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic Being Considered at Lucasfilm #Disney… 
imagine consuming every piece of star wars media and becoming a powerful loremaster 
that dude crying at the star wars trailer? beautiful. everyone should feel that way about something, it's pure joy man. 
I'm so ashamed of the star wars fandom rn. I can't even comment on something without getting barad… 
I have to split this into two categories, lol. Movies I saw with my girl friends: 1) She’s All That… 
 “Star Wars X Original Characters”I decided to create this moment to save this drawings for anyone so they don'… 
What's wrong with being passionate about something?! I had so many emotions watching this trailer. I… 
Probably gonna have some disappointment if that thing is Star Wars. 
Hey Did you guys know that was almost cast as Anakin Skywalker in the… 
Not in my house!!!!   Disney Officially Renames Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope 
I literally had so many emotions watching that trailer. I fucking love star wars. 
Sorry your side never wins in Star Wars... 
The original Star Wars 
Star Wars Celebration 2020 Location Announced — and It’s Epic! 
Is anyone talking about how in the new Star Wars trailer when Kylo Ren uses his lightsaber to knock that guy down,… 
Plz JJ senpai. Plz save Star Wars. You are our only hope  
Writing an assigned essay on what makes Star Wars ANH such a memorable movie and honestly need more of these assign… 
I love Star Wars and I like cargo shorts and  guess what? I have someone in my life who decided to dated me! … 
"Ad:" Sideshow Collectibles Star Wars Darth Vader Mythos Statue Dark Contemplation NEW  F… 
Judging by the responses to this tweet, I feel like none of us are watching the same Star Wars movies. 
Couple updates to our May the 4th Star Wars day!-All Star Wars items will be 50% off, this also includes mystery… 
The guy is seriously into Star Wars. Things could be worse. Good for him. 
As long as it's clearly presented as speculation, not NEW LEAK, BIG SECRET REVEALED, BAD NEWS FOR STAR… 
Han Solo Hat - Mud Trooper Star Wars Hat Gift for Men - Great Gift for Star Wars Fan #scifi #sciencefiction… 
In Star Wars, the only non-virgins are  Anakin, Padmé, Han, and Leia. 
Prob one of my fav Star Wars movies 
I love #PSVR thr original Star Wars Battlefront has a quick like 15-20 min mission. So fun. Here's me in the cockpi… 
I get so nostalgic when I hear the soundtrack from a few video games I played in the past! Night in the Woods and S… 
Star Wars saved my summer in 77. I was 13 and had just moved to a new city. Didn't know a soul. I saw it 4 or 5 times. 
Look I have no problem whatsoever with people liking Star Wars or whatever BUT that video i… 
s2e14- Good Will Hunting, star wars 9, electronic arts, magic the gathering and more! via 
Lafes all about the Star Wars Tie Fighter 1 out today! He loves his pew pew pew action! From 
episode is ready to go! We're back baby! Listen to us talk about PSN ID changes, easy… 
I told my mom that and are getting to tour Aulani right now, and she got so hyped fo… 
Stg, we are about to live Star Wars boys  
So, reacting passionately to something you love is not healthy? Nah. Let the guy have his S… 
All Changes Made to Star Wars: A New Hope (Comparison Video) PART II via 
I'm in the process of planning a trip to Disney World and I'm geeking so hard on seeing the new Star Wars: Galaxy's… 
Star Wars is where it’s at though. 
This week on the podcast we discuss our favorite saga, Star Wars. We will be ranking each Star Wars film, as well a… 
Radiant Wellness Solutions' May kids yoga monthly workshop will focus on a Star Wars theme. The morning includes yo… 
Star Wars is dope and so is this dude go be a bully somewhere else and take your ignorant opinions w/ you 
Star Wars The Black Series Archive Darth Maul 6" Action Figure PRE-ORDER 
Leftist Are Buttshurt over Curtis of Star Wars crybaby. 
You are completely right, Ashley! It's a form of idol worship. These soyboys need to g… 
Avengers End Game or Star Wars ix The Rise of Skywalker which do you prefer via #StarWarsIX #AvengerEndgame 
So where does that large piece of wreckage  come from? 
All Changes Made to Star Wars: A New Hope (Comparison Video) PART I via 
I watched alot of videos of people making fun of this guy in general and it is messed up he… 
Gostei dum vídeo no YouTube: Arrested Development: Star Wars with Ron Howard! | The Star Wars Show 
I’ve heard so many people say “I’m not a Star Wars fan so when I go to Disney World, I won’t be going to it’s new l… 
Like #starwars #battlestargalactica #planetoftheapes and comics?  Be sure to chat with author and Star Wars obsessi… 
May the Fourth be with you. Come celebrate by designing, building, and decorating your own droid. We will have a sp… 
Wait a minute...That laugh at the end of the Star Wars IX trailer...nah.  Couldn't 
Even Disneyland Cast Members Won't Be Able To Get Into Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge When It Opens 
I’m a Conservative Republican and I thought it was endearing about his love for Star Wars. He isn’t d… 
Also Poll time. Did the Episode IX trailer hype you up at all? Or is Star Wars DEAD? 
just want to let all the ladies out there know that I’ve never seen star wars 
E o Star Wars? 
ri com o star wars no arrested development 
S.O.A. Star Wars addition. Rolled into Canton Bight and had to fight my way out. 
The way to my heart is lined with Lego Star Wars memes 
November can't get here fast enough now 
don’t get me wrong, star wars has some of the worst fans ever. but this guy isn’t one of them. letpeopleliketh… 
As both a Star Wars fan and a person deeply passionate about movies, this makes me happy to see. This man and peopl… 
Any time I see Carrie, I get emotional. I was 7 in 1977. Star Wars ha… 
#StarWars The Black Series 6″ #Amazon Exclusive #EmperorPalpatine With Throne Figure Pre-Orders… 
Mulan. New Star Wars don’t suck either... 
The official #StarWars #TheRiseOfSkywalker logo poster from Trends International is now available to order from… 
Reminder: there's a whole book on the making of the original Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic out now, and yo… 
This guy has since been tweeted at by Mark Hamill and several others involved in Star… 
"Ad:" STAR WARS CELEBRATION CHICAGO 2019 KOTOBUKIYA R2-R9 &amp; R2-B1 ARTFX STATUES 2-PACK  F… 
I hope that guy is having a nice day and watching Star Wars  
Star Wars: Old Republic in the future, Kathleen Kennedy admits mistakes via 
Many things have happened since I've last been on. I now finally have the Last Jedi Kylo Ren costume I have been wa… 
SPECIAL EPISODE: Lucasfilm Publishing Panel at Star Wars Celebration Chicago by Tatooine Sons • A podcast on Anchor 
#HappyHumpDay Here is a chance to lift your spirits. #THERAT talks about #DVD #collecting on #TheDarkWebPodcast. Be… 
Star Wars: Mark Hamill supports superfan's emotional video - BBC News 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Darth Vader Bust 75227 NEW  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars 75186 The Arrowhead set NISB 775 pcs  FlyingTreasures 
Not a Star Wars fan but if someone is &amp; they get this excited about it / go for it!  Life is too sho… 
Should have happened along time ago! 
I don't understand what he did wrong??? He looks so emotional and excited.... he's passionate about Star Wars leave… 
I wouldn’t say that; The Last Jedi is one of the best films in the franchise.  Though I do… 
Check out Star Wars # 10 
Check out Star Wars # 3 
How about also asking why this absurd reaction was filmed in the first place? “Star Wars” trying to ramp… 
Star Wars: Episode I: Podracer was one of my favorite 64 games 
did anyone hear  is going to die in the New Star Wars Episode 9 I hear roomers that he is going to die in t… 
#SJW media outraged that you play as a white guy in the game. Imagine playing Luke Skywalke… 
I was a Star Wars fan before reylo and no matter what, I’ll still be a fan 
DK Readers Star Wars - Journey Through Space by Ryder Windham  via 
Plenty of love for multiple franchises! That’s why I specifically put my Star Trek and Star Wars tattoos on the same foot. 
Can he separate Star Wars from reality? Is he able to take care of himself? Then who cares? 
Seems too simple, here’s to a new hope I have for Star Wars  
DK Readers Star Wars - Luke Skywalker's Amazing Story by Simon Beecroft  via 
agreed with most everything today, esp. Star Wars and Harry Potter.  My most hated movie?  "Oh, Brot… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars Vintage TW Light Blue Painted Helmet Boba Fett *Rare*  FlyingTre… 
Me too! It always blows my mind when something like 80% of Star Wars fans I talk to don't even know they… 
I literally cheered when I saw you in the li… 
Like for serious, Joker has made me more happy than either the star wars trailer or/and Endgame thi… 
Game looks badass.   I LOVE star wars 
I took the liberty of looking up a holiday for each day in May for your reference.May 1 - May DayMay 2 - Firefigh… 
It feels great to be hyped for star wars again 
If they cannot make a billion dollar movie from the storyline in that game, they do not deserve the ri… 
Speaking of ways to revive Luke and Vader, wonder what that new Star Wars film could be about? /s 
I love this guys reaction! REACTION! Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker - Teaser Trailer #... via 
New episode alert!! STAR WARS CELEBRATION - Hungry Brothers Episode 45, please check it 
Y'all know that video of the dude crying to the star wars trailer. Yeah that's me with every single trailer they ma… 
SWCC 2019: 6 Things We Learned from the Star Wars Resistance Panel 
Me watching chiasmus, parallels, and ring structure in Star Wars. 
Just read an interview the BBC published. Keep on being you &amp; don’t let others ruin your passion for… 
What kind of world are we living in where a person gets judged based off their skin color and weather they are born… 
'Star Wars: The Redemption of Revan' is the Star Wars movie I want more than any other Star Wars movie 
They weren't bad. They were horrible. Absolutely, completely and utterly, undo… 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Director Says There's More To The Story Of Rey's Parents - 
'Solo: A Star Wars Story' Actor Alden Enhrenreich Nabs The Role of John In Amblin's Series 'A Brave New World' - Ba… 
Star Wars Celebration Wrap-Up, Part I (Including The Best Day Ever) 
He had the most emotional moments in Rogue One, too. I think we nee… 
It's ridiculous to me that a bunch of right wing dipshits would attack the guy crying and showing emotion over the… 
Still finding myself humming Star Wars tunes today, Star Wars Celebration forever! 
Oh wow that girl that made fun of the Star Wars guy seems like a JERK. Surprise Level: Zero 
Running out of Easter basket ideas for that Star Wars fan in your life? We got you. Stop into any Slackers location… 
Shop for officially licensed #StarWars ties, cufflinks, socks, accessories, and more! (Referral)… 
Is the Super Star Wars trilogy as hard I remember it being? Or am I just bad at games, lol? 
"Ad:" Star Wars Rogue One Shoretrooper statue Gentle Giant 45/1200!  FlyingTreasures 
Personally I enjoyed the star wars games EA and DICE have put out.EA BF1 was enjoyable even tho yes it was lackin… 
The weekend: Madea's farewell tour, 'Star Wars' strippers, Bunnyville at the zoo via 
I saw the teaser for #EpisodeIX and I loved your voiceover. I played it again right away for my girl… 
Star Wars: TIE Fighter - NEW Miniseries out today for #NCBD!! ENTER SHADOW WING! THE EMPIRE’S SALVATION! THE REBE… 
Hux is the Steven Crowder of the star wars universe 
Kathleen Kennedy confirms Star Wars Old Republic is happening. #OgGeeksta 
Star Wars and Sailor Moon are life. 
Jedi Fallen Order sounds promising and from the reveal trailer story seems interesting.Respawn is also the ones m… 
Was the end laugh a star wars reference  
More Star Wars Please!! 
Actually the magicians is really good! I know someone who watches it and ive watched tidbits here a… 
You should be jealous that someone could still love Star Wars that much.  Brings me back to when I was a kid. 
Closest I've come to watching Game of Thrones, was the Browns version of the Game of Thro… 
Ok y’all... Homework for today: Watch this video by This is legit the best reaction I’ve ever see… 
I used to love Star Wars. Studied it. Even built several lightsabers out of junk.This man doesn't lo… 
Lol y’all are insane. Kathleen Kennedy has no idea what KOTOR is, and she’s just serving up a canned res… 
I think they were surprised by how varied the lineup is. Simpsons, Star Wars, NatGeo, Marvel. Feels like… 
Now that Disney has bought Fox does that mean we can have the Fox logo and fanfare in front of Star Wars movies again? 
I'm burnt out on super heroes, but I fucking love Star Wars. As much as I hate Rian's Episode 8, I still love the f… 
Stumbled upon this today:"Star Wars and super hero movie obsession culture has revealed a whole new population of… 
I just think its crazy because every single person geeks out over SOMETHING. Whether its the new ca… 
Still can't figure out if that "Star Wars makes you poor" guy is a troll or not. 
Just gonna try to be over-the-top positive to drown out the awful people in the star wars fandom. I think there's a… 
So you agree that weeping over Star Wars is an unattractive quality in a man? 
You have absolutely no idea what star Wars is about. You want the biggest evil madm… 
vou assistir star wars  
Mark Hamill Nails Impression Of ‘Star Wars’ Co-Star Harrison Ford 
SWCC 2019: 6 Highlights from the Star Wars Resistance Panel 
(THIS IS WHY I THANK GOD ALMIGHTY HE’S OUT OF THE SWs UNIVERSE!!!! The Correct answer is Darth Maul).… 
Remember that part in Star Wars where the rebels fought off an oppressive, tyrannical… 
Did this dude just climax to a Star Wars trailer? 
Star Wars fans are looses 
NOOOOOOOO stop with the star wars 
Some awesome nuggets from Star Wars Celebration other than the Rise of Skywalker trailer (which was...incredible).… 
SWCC 2019: 6 Things We Learned from the Star Wars Resistance Panel #Star Wars 
If you're not all Star Wars'ed out after this weekend, I wrote a piece touching on the similarities between the "Ri… 
Freaking. Dope. But it begs the question, Marc. Would you want to hear music other then the John Wil… 
... You do realize you'll need all 11 star wars movies unlocked in full 4K hard dvd copies in order to… 
Gonna dress up in Star Wars cosplay for episode IX, should go as the monster that Luke milked for that green titty… 
CWK Show #274: Celebration Chicago Covering Star Wars Panel, featuring Clayton Sandell, Anthony Breznican, Drew Tay… 
I know you're really looking forward to another Episode IX take so HERE'S MINE enjoy. 
Just wait until Star Wars Episode IV The Reboot come out. With Han &amp; Luke being gay for one another.… 
Well it appears Star Wars won, so we will have Star Wars Trivia this Saturday. Tune in, answer correctly, gain poin… 
Let's remember the first STAR WARS movie was made for $11MM ($40MM today).... ... Let's get this off t… 
Should have put some Star Wars on there. Take it back to the knights of the old republic... 
George Lucas sparks controversy by naming his favourite ‘Star Wars’ character - 
So it's bad to be passionate about things you like now? All these people making fun of this awesome Star Wars fan p… 
People put Last Jedi down but it was the first non-boring Star Wars movie in like thirty-seven years. 
chewbacca from star wars 
And to think the first movie was made with $11MM (that's $40MM today) budget....... How many other… 
Revan and Thrawn are pretty much the best things to ever come to Star Wars... and we got one in the Canon already. 
yo this guy has my heart more than any of you sig alpha chi latte guys who’ve  “nEvEr sEeN StAr WaRs” 
 Peels off with another scorching rant as only he can. This time about Star Wars - or the corpse thereof 
Vader Bust Now Available For Purchase From 
Mark Hamill Nails Impression Of 'Star Wars' Co-Star Harrison Ford 
Target Red Card Exclusive LEGO Darth Vader back up on #lego #LEGOStarWars… 
The perfect grinder for Star Wars fans! ...#coolpieces #grinders #shredders #starwars #smokeshop #headshop… 
Star Wars premiere! 
This actually made me tear up and get more excited for Star Wars than that trailer did.His joy is infec… 
Vader Bust Now Available For Purchase 
Omg me too...I'm not even a fanatical Star Wars fan, but he made me tear up! 
Oh snap! New #starwars movie on the horizon!!! 
I uploaded a new episode, "CWK Show #274: Celebration Chicago Covering Star Wars Panel, featuring Clayton Sandell,… 
Today I will not fight about politics. I will only fight about Star Wars 
Think and drink at tonight's Nerd Nite Denver!  'Star Wars,' life on Mars, and Antarctica summer.… 
The weekend: Madea's farewell tour, 'Star Wars' strippers, Bunnyville at the zoo - Detroit Free Press 
Some people like Star Wars. Some people cry when their team loses the fucking playoffs. 
CBR: Star Wars: How Palpatine's Return Connects to The Last 
Shit I’m not gonna lie the last 3 star wars trailers I have shed a tear. That’s because I grew up with this shit. I… 
Still playing the Star Wars game 
Watch the most anticipated trailers of the week here: 
The cosplayers of Star Wars Celebration 2019 
Dude got overexcited but that's no excuse to shame him publically. You guys are just being assholes, and… 
Star wars I was 8. Saw the first 3 movies 100s of times. Very meanin… 
Star Wars: Mark Hamill supports superfan's emotional video 
The return of Palpatine to the Star Wars Universe is the best news I've heard since my wife agreed to marry me. All… 
She’s regularly made jokes about guys who wear cargo shorts being undateab… 
Yup. This fucking idiot is getting roasted in her tweet. And the guy in the video is getting so mu… 
I watched the video and I thought it was precious. Everyone is passionate about different things. I d… 
have you seen the Star Wars parkthey are doing in Disney, it looks so cool I’m excited #NHCLoveAgain 
Are Star Wars fans called “Star Warriors”? And if not, why not? 
Money doesn't equal fantastic thought out scripts that are meaningful to the origin… 
I’m doing a instagram live session reviewing the latest Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker at 11am central… 
Star Wars Celebration was an inspiring and spiritual experience. Seriously amazing. So with that in mind, I am goin… 
You like Star Wars AND wear cargo shorts  time to yeet 
When you are playing Star Wars Zombies and you just wanna Hang 
I am intrigued to see what the writers from Game of Thrones are gonna create. Rumor has it that it migh… 
Star Wars: Master &amp; Apprentice Review 
Star Wars Daily: Once shunned, Jar Jar actor Ahmed Best gets a standing ovation 
I've got three I want, one is a year shape formed by a treble and bass clef. I used t… 
Lego Star Wars II: The Original TrilogyParte 1 
Disney+ Guide: What to Expect From Marvel, Star Wars and More   #Hollywood &amp; Entertainmen… 
BBC News - Star Wars: Mark Hamill supports superfan's emotional video 
Hi, just tweet to you bc I loved your passion while enjoying the star wars trailer. Pure heart, keep it up!  
J.J. Abrams Met With George Lucas Before Developing The Story For STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER 
Let's not get all too huggy huggy with Bernie Sanders &amp; Fox, after all he did have the audience load… 
Coca-Cola and Disney Design Custom Bottles for Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge via 
Omg. This guy is me!!! When Panic! released new music last year I literally cried my eyes out and my boyfriend just… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: 1980 Star Wars YODA CAS 70.5 Dark Green w/ Brown Snake RARE HK Kenner  Fly… 
You down for a Fall Disney trip? Harry Potter, Pandora, and Star Wars  
My goal is to have two dogs and name them after Star Wars bounty hunters 
Does Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order look awesome?  Hells yeah it does!Am I excited for it?  I sure want to be!Why… 
Okay, but at Star Wars Lands you can PAY more for them! 
Oh no, that Star Wars Trailer set to What's Up Danger got me listening to the Spiderverse soundtrack and now I reme… 
This is effectively the same as the BlizzCon effect for me...  S… 
Entertainment Earth Daily Deal - #StarWarsTheLastJedi Teal 3 3/4" Figures Wave 1 Now $29.99… 
Mark Hamill showed off his spot-on impression of “Star Wars” co-star Harrison Ford to Seth Meyers.… 
It’s that time again!  Time to get some awesome shots of your Star Wars cosplay in Sedona, AZ.  We will be meeting… 
The Star Wars Trilogy - Special Edition VHS set  via 
Star Wars - The Phantom Menace VHS  via 
play star wars with me nerd 
Wouldn’t be a Star Wars wedding without the final touch...wedding R2D2 shoes! 
pensa que tem dinheiro envolvidopensa em star wars, Fernando WWGATDWHAT WOULD GRAND ADMIRAL THRAWN DO? 
She shared a video the dude posted himself and made a joke about dudes who watch Star Wars… 
Low key more excited for John Wick than Avengers or Star Wars 
Hey guys to spread the starwars hype go visit the best all things star wars streamer on mixer right now! Stand up g… 
Star Wars just isn't good enough for people to get as worked up about it as they do. 
Everything We Know About the Final Season of ‘Star Wars: The Clone Wars’ via 
exactly how i react to new star wars shit 
Hey, gang. How do we feel about the new Star Wars game? You hype? You not? I’m cautiously optimistic only because… 
I imagine you're a very shallow person. This dude is very exited about his favorite movie saga, and… 
Ok, so we have to ask... Which are you looking forward to more, the last Avenger's or Star Wars movie? 
No it's not, that is literally what Star Wars is about. It's the Skywalker family fighting light and dark… 
Hosted By MFrazz: Back To The Classics! Hasbro To Bring Back Retro ‘Star Wars’ Figurines 
Dad dressed in 'Star Wars' costume visits hospital where son died of 
Mark Hamill Nails Impression Of ‘Star Wars’ Co-Star Harrison Ford The mimicry is strong with this one.… 
Top 10 Facts About the Mandalorians You Never Knew - Star Wars Revealed | Star Wars HQ StarWars 
The discourse going around about that guy crying over the Star Wars trailer is pretty great, people being filled wi… 
I love Star Wars, can’t wait for 9. The toxic fandom gets really old though. 
ummm.. excuse you, but theres also a pooulation of women who also like star wars and super hero movi… 
Anyone that would hug a loaf of white bread isn't an actual fan of bread. He doesn't… 
Star Wars Fans          WWE fans                             Being mad about story lines they should… 
Star Wars Actress Daisy Ridley Rejects Reylo: “I Can’t Really Get Behind It…In a Personal Way”… 
I wish U hadn't embarrassed her like this.  I congrat's her on observation of President Trumps border,… 
Star Wars, Super hero nerd who cries here, crawl back under your bridge. I have a loving Wife, 5 won… 
I recently completed Star Wars after a lifetime of roasting these nerds for it. Smh, I guess I’m a nerd too cuz it… 
HEY, SUPERHEROES! Isn't this perfect for those fun themed races this year? It's a LIGHT-UP TUTU! And it's only $20… 
Mark Hamill Nails Impression Of 'Star Wars' Co-Star Harrison Ford 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Lot of 10 Shadow Troopers 75079 Mini Figures Brand New Complete  Fly… 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Vehicle No box or Minifigures 75215  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" LEGO Star wars 75210 Moloch's Landspeeder New no minifigures, box or weapons  Flyin… 
Just stop...I reacted the same way as this guy, so does that make me an undatable guy? Hell no! You need a reality… 
Loved the RoS reaction video! At 40 y.o. myself I had much the same reaction. I have grown up with th… 
My wife &amp; I rewatched this a few days ago. Two things struck me. First, it’s one of the best military… 
Heaven forbid men show emotion or excitement about something, eh? Weird, I've been happily married to a huge Star W… 
Sorry America, but the only Star Wars movie I care about is Final Fantasy XII. 
New Episode. Star Wars Celebration took place this weekend, and I discuss all the details on today’s episode! 
It's weird, but I feel no excitement about any movie this year (including Avengers, Spider-Man, Star Wars or Toy St… 
Hey Men... Get Real... 
This stressed me out, but after much thought.... Star Wars (IV), ET, and Jurassic Park. 
I love Star Wars  you go dude I’m pumped too 
It's a baby star wars clone. 
unfortunately there were three K9 movies with JB. K-9, k-911, and k-9:PI. This trilogy is right up… 
Star Wars 9 Trailer Could Verify Snoke DIDN'T Flip Kylo Ren Concept 
Star Wars 9 Trailer May Confirm Snoke DIDN'T Turn Kylo Ren Theory This article contains… 
Clone Wars Season 7 Content Teased?!  New Updates! Star Wars Battlefront 2 StarWars 
Star Wars: Mark Hamill supports super fan’s emotional video #canadanews #usnews #generalnews 
That's also why I don't rail on JJ's Star Trek movies. They're not great, but they're not the worst. To… 
What if the new star wars thing does super well and the heartless executives learn how to love again 
Can we get a What If? or Elseworlds series with Star Wars? I really would dig reading… 
That Star Wars trailer reaction video is me but only for James Bond trailers, and probably Villeneuve's DUNE when that comes out. 
Who’s still on a high after this past Star Wars celebration? I’ll see everyone in Anaheim #StarWarsCelebration2019 
Lucasfilm is Developing a KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC Project 
sweet mother of god... I have wanted this explored in the cinematic universe for so long.  It is my favorite Star W… 
Disney Infinity 3.  All figures except the Star Wars rereleases with li… 
‘Star Wars’ fans keep fueling the Force as Disney expands the galaxy far, far, awayA few days ago in a galaxy not… 
I had a B-Wing when I was a kid. Probably one of my favorite Star Wars toys. 
They don’t need help. Star Wars IS helping them.  It’s a sort of common ground they can use to… 
Star Wars and super hero movie obsession culture has revealed a whole new population of undateable people. Almost d… 
Is anyone else suffering from a Star Wars Celebration hangover? I feel like I could sleep for a week. 
I have returned from my self imposed Twitter exile during Star Wars Celebration. There are no words to describe how… 
The 'Star Wars' Sequels Can't Stop Recycling Scrapped Ideas #lol #laugh 
Star Wars redux as US tries to 'Engineer a Race Where There's None' 
As long as it’s not from Star Wars 
Also, there are plenty of women out there who appreciate Star Wars. Like… 
You cried over the Star Wars trailer didn’t you?? 
Advanced? Not me, I still watch the original Star Wars trilogy on VHS. My kids refuse 
Also, why crap on something that makes the dude happy? I love Star Wars. It's what I… 
can you please follow me I love love your live streams and can yo… 
Hi everyone I’m back from vacation and resting up from days of Star Wars! But good news - episodes are back next we… 
STAR WARSSkywalkers rise up 
I will preface this with a warning. I have not seen the latest Star Wars due to hectic schedules in lif… 
Its sad to see people being so thankless to the origionals we wouldnt even have the mandalorian cultu… 
.False: My wife absolutely loves the fact that I get hyped &amp; incredibly overjoyed when seeing anything new about St… 
hey man I searched for an hour for the original video of your star wars reaction and then for your Tw… 
Mark Hamill (hamillhimself) shows support for Star Wars super-fan's emotional video  
Omg is he single? I can’t even tell ya how many times I’ve teared up during a Star Wars trailer. No shame in my game. 
I feel this man's emotion, I love Star Wars.  
Star Wars 9 Finally Addresses The Original Trilogy's Dumbest Moment This is dumb. A real fan would know that force… 
This must be because he's never watched Star Wars. 
My kids were in tears on the last day saying the same thing. They have great friends, but there’s a dis… 
I've just watched episode S03E10 of Star Wars: The C...! #starwarstheclonewars #tvtime 
Star Wars is garbage now anyway, what kind of loser would cry watching one of those awful movies? 
Yeah you can shut the fuck up. Everyone has a passion and for this guy it’s Star Wars. He’s probably crying because… 
United Airlines to fly Star Wars-themed planes for Rise of Skywalker - CNET: #artificialintelligence #iot cc:… 
Ahsoka = best Star Wars character and I will literally cry if we… 
‘Star Wars’ fans keep fueling the Force as Disney expands the galaxy far, far, away - 
Or it’s just one big era known as the “Star Wars” era 
I don't give a single shit about Star Wars or Game of Thrones. My timeline is full of garbage. 
Say what you will about the next Star Wars film, the musical cadence at 1:09-1:13 is 
that initial instinct to attack someone who is completely harmless is in and of itself fa… 
I’m glad is weathering the storm better than Star Wars kid back in the day.  Hope his v… 
Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order ALL NEW DETAILS! Large Creatures Teased?! Non-Linear Experience! StarWars 
I'm done with Star Wars "discourse" - from now on we appreciate star wars like kids; the spaceships are cool and we… 
He’s reaction is a bit over the top. Like he’s breaking from reality. I love Star Wars, but showing suc… 
The Star Wars fanboy via #StarWars 
One of my favorite things in fiction is that denim jackets are Star Wars canon 
This looks awesome!! Even pick your own crystal and more. How fans will make their own lightsabers at Disney’s St… 
Whoa whoa whoa. I thought the media said video games make you violent or a more proficient shooter n… 
Star Wars is officially a 300 million dollar version of that party game where you only get to say one word of a sto… 
I just want to see star wars episode 9 this year. No worries about me spoiling avengers. 
The Revenant, Mad Max, Star Wars, Bridge of Spies, &amp; The Martian battle it out as we revisit the Sound Mixing Oscar… 
I like the title... #starwars #disney #theriseofskywalker"ou're probably already aware of this, but the latest St… 
hello there i bought star wars battlefront ultimate edition and downloaded it but i can't play onli… 
SDSU discovers Tatooine-like planet orbiting two suns far, far from earth: San Diego Union-Tribune… 
Check out Star Wars Vintage Collection VC123 MIMBAN STORMTROOPER 3.75” Walmart #StarWars 
"Ad:" Star Wars Deathtrooper Death Trooper Specialist 1:6 Scale Bust Statue 2143/5000  Fl… 
I just want to see that Star Wars reaction guy in the middle of a Jon Snow Arya hug. I know its the wrong genre, bu… 
Anyone who knows me understands that I love pop culture, I collect figures that are literally called Pop's. So earl… 
KOTOR 2 is easily the most interesting star wars game, and a lot of it is her character. i love that t… 
I am a Star Wars fan, OT for me please, and I love super hero movies. But what really offends me about this tweet?… 
NOW I DO LOL. first that dude is a bit over the top tbh. And second, I thought that video was someone ha… 
Now that all the TV and film rights are under one studio roof for #StarWars, can we finally get t… 
&amp; The Last Jedi trailer. The only difference is that I don’t have social media that people actively look at. I talk… 
People freaking out over the guy who cried over the Star Wars teaser are screaming “super hero culture” did this. T… 
"Ad:" KISS BELT BUCKLE aucoin mego rare 1977 PACIFICA Pegasus!! star wars kiss space  FlyingTreasures 
May 17. May 16 is our opener, May 17 is Star Wars. 
this is why star wars can't have nice things 
i just wanted to tell everyone in the office the mandalorian looks good and now the star wars fan club is up in my… 
I mean I legit acted like this when I watched the trailer.  Why ya gotta be such a Negative Nancy As… 
The week’s episode is all about Star Wars as Matt shares his experience at 
Star Wars and super hero movie fandoms have revealed a whole new population of mean-spirited assholes. 
Corey and Jesse are doing a show by themselves this week where they discuss Borderlands, Assassin's Creed, Destiny… 
It was today in 1973, George Lucas started writing Star Wars. Are you Team Star Wars or Team Star Trek? 
Star Wars, Sekiro Controversy, Bioware Problems, &amp; More Line of Sight #8 - 
Why Are Western Men Crying Over Star Wars Trailers? 
There’s a persistent thread running through Star Wars where male protagonists are told to bury their feelings. Thro… 
Mine from Singapore is star wars themed 
Sounds like Star Wars to me 
Some people enjoy watching Star Wars and playing video games. And some people like get off… 
Is this the Star Wars where they finally give us jar jar binks as a Sith Lord? 
#StarWars: #TheRiseOfSkywalker - All The Best (And Most Epic) Moments From The Trailer In GIF Form 
It will be slightly off because of Star Wars being newish. Hollywood studios will be crowded 
Everything We Know About the Final Season of ‘Star Wars: The Clone Wars’ 
The Force Awakens is the best Star Wars movie outside of the OT 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars TC-14 Minifigure (5000063) New Factory Sealed Polybag  FlyingTreasur… 
Spoiler do novo Star Wars 
I wish I was so excited like this guy for the new star wars, but that didn't connect with… 
"I think people who cry about Star Wars movies are lame. This is what video games and soy does to pe… 
This is all in preparation for THE STAR WARS WALL (Coming Soon™)(I still have like 10 fucking pieces to frame, pl… 
Texas Flag and The Millennium Falcon Star Wars shirt 
I'm not even a really big fan of Star Wars but I would honestly joyed the hell out of this.  Like I woul… 
Star Wars: Episode IX Movie Teaser Stills at 
Obviously you've never seen star wars. 
Texas Flag and The Millennium Falcon Star Wars tshirt 
That star wars rxn video thing is disturbing. 
Theres a girl who shit on a bro for getting emotional over the star wars trailer. #Undateable 
Jedi: Fallen Order – Every New Detail Revealed At Star Wars Celebration 
Jedi: Fallen Order - Every New Detail Revealed At Star Wars Celebration Although Star Wa… 
Gate Game of thrones yone ga se ya mongwe le mongwe. It's a show ya those people who read, play chess, people who w… 
Hey, Guys I just upload a new video today. You can check it out if you want or not. (10) Star Wars Commander Defens… 
Get Your Tickets! #starwarsmovie #bioscope #joburg #events #tixsa… 
Park Life: Go behind the scenes of the Calico River Rapids revamp; what’s the story with Coke in Star Wars land? -… 
He lives a life of joy and love, what do you live a life of? I can tell you that it’ll never make yo… 
When you, somebody with no attachment to Star Wars, tell a bunch of fans that you actually enjoyed The Last Jedi 
I learned today that is drawing Star Wars comics and I have to say that this make me incredibly ha… 
Star Wars: Lucasfilm conferma progetto in sviluppo ispirato a "Knights of the Old Republic" 
This country is showing signs of ignorance of what a real leader of our country should be and the  thirst for a gov… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars Black Series #79 DRYDEN VOS 6” Action Figure Solo Movie RARE NEW HTF… 
I remember watching the sixth episode of Star Wars and being so fascinated with Jabba the Hut’s language that I imm… 
If you see me rocking up to this exam in my star wars socks, mind ya business. The force is with me 
Star Wars: George Lucas names Jar Jar Binks as his favourite character: The Star Wars director selects the widely-d… 
Maybe if we put languages like Ubykh in Star Wars, there might be some real effort done to revive it 
To all the girls who think that, they're the ones who are undateable. It is normal for anyone and everyo… 
Every generation has a legend.Star Wars: Episode IX opens at Event Cinemas this December. 
Disney is tapping into Star Wars, Marvel, and more to upgrade its theme parks 
Community Question - What Is Your Favourite Star Wars Game to 
Star Wars: George Lucas names Jar Jar Binks as his favourite character 
i hope everyone who made fun of the star wars guy has something bad happen to them today 
i dont like star wars, marvel, pixar or disney look at me im so alternative 
People love to hate and shit because they don’t have something in their life that makes them as happy as Star Wars makes this guy 
Star Wars: George Lucas names Jar Jar Binks as his favourite character 
Star Wars, Star Trek, Game of Thrones etc are all lame as hell. 
Whoa whoa whoa...not all gamers care about Star Wars, and even less of us prefer Soy...Let’s be reasonable here... 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order won’t be a stealth game 
These aren’t even comparable to the topic lol watch supernatural dawg and hell yeah watc… 
Sorry you have to deal with so many crazy people. Too bad all those Star Wars people don’t invest th… 
Star Wars Battlefront II owners given 10% off Jedi: Fallen Order video game pre-orders 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order — Official Reveal Trailer via 
I cried up a small bit on the Fallen Order trailer cause I lo… 
He was the one that tweeted it and mocked the guy for just having happy emotions for Star Wars 
New auction: Pick 1 or More: VINTAGE STAR WARS COMPLETE ACTION FIGURES KENNER 100% ORIGINAL 
'Star Wars' VR game 'Vader Immortal' teases story details in trailer with vr gettin… 
I'm a Star Wars fan and I watched the trailer 15 times the day it came out. I loved i… 
So because it's her first acting gig we should give her a pass?Fact is she's too wooden and… 
If you can't find something to be as passionate about in life as THIS GUY IS TO STAR WARSwe cannot fucking date.… 
Not over Star Wars. I did get a little  Teary eyed when the yellow cab started delivering death noti… 
Star Wars is amazing 
Fantasy Art: Asajj Ventress Pose Studies for the Star Wars Novel ' Dooku: Jedi Lost. ' by Cavan Scott. ( 2019 ) by… 
I am proud to announce that we now have not 1...not 2... but 3 Star Wars Audio Dramas in production! - Tales of R… 
Most women can cry on command. People just making excuses because it's star wars and they fee… 
Fuck the people shitting on this guy.9 is the culmination &amp; end of the *entire* star wars series up to this point.… 
"Ad:" Star Wars LEGO set #9489 Endor Battle Pack Speeder NEW 2012 w/ minifigures ucs  Fly… 
Because she is a Jawa?  I like Star Wars, I don’t want Jawa law like… 
What is “Regarding Henry” starring Harrison Ford.  Harrison Ford supposedly started as a carpenter for George Lucas… 
Love Star Wars. I also love passionate people, growing up with the star wars franchise made me think outside of the… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order - Angry Reaction! via 
Star Wars Celebration And The Emotional, Tear-Jerking Redemption Of Jar Jar Binks - Getty Image Honestly, the jok… 
.....wow. Looking at all my Star Wars art, it is REALLY REALLY obvious what my Specific Star Wars Interests are. I… 
Potential Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic Ideas Being Discussed At 
Hyper Star Wars fans are just mainstream weaboos, change my mind.Seriously, if she's appalled by this, imagine he… 
let that guy cry at star wars okay 
Funko Movies: POP! Star Wars - Cloud City 3 Pack, Lobot, Ugnaught, Bespin Guard - Walmart Exclusive -… 
Funko POP! Star Wars Rebels, Seventh Sister, Walmart Exclusive - 
New post: Official Star Wars Archive 1977 to 1983 – Book 
Funko Mystery Mini: Star Wars - One Mystery Figure Per Purchase - Walmart Exclusive - 
HEADS UP: If you made fun of that dude who cried at the Star Wars trailer, ya prolly a piece of shit. 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order's protagonist is such a wasted opportunity | PC Gamer via /r/pcgaming 
#ASBull a news story for the #StarWars fans in the lifestyle.  
Let me know when they're done totally fucking up star wars. 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Won’t Get DLCs or a Collector’s Edition; Game Director Says It’s Not as Punishing as D… 
I love that guy reacting to the Star Wars trailer because I relate a lot, I basically had the same reaction except… 
Don't start that star wars shit lol I had e… 
1, 2, The Clone Wars TV show, Revenge of the Sith, Solo, Rogue One, Star Wars Rebels, New Hope, Empire, Ret… 
Ahhh the old days where you covered Star Wars  
I would retweet your own words but then it could be said that I’m inciting people to threaten you.… 
Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order INFO BLOWOUT! EVERY DETAIL REVEALED! (New Star Wars Game) StarWars 
I reacted a very similar way. I have star wars underwear, and bed sheets.  Am I undateable now? 
 on STAR WARS Episode 9: The Rise Of Skywalker Teaser Trailer Reaction 
Before Disney bought Star Wars Luke had a wife Mara Jade 
"Ad:" Fantasy: STAR WARS DISNEY SOLO FORCE LINK 2.0 STORMTROOPER MIMBAN SUPER RARE HARD TO FIND… 
little take: I think there probably won't be a time that I am more sick of Marvel than I am sick of Star Wars 
Star Wars XXXXXXX: the grains of Tattooine 
With his two best friends, all wearing their fav Star Wars shirts that they’ve been planning on fo… 
Remembering the emotional and touching redemption of Jar Jar Binks actor at #StarWarsCelebration… 
The Force Awakens and The Last Jedi got me excited again for Star Wars like the Phase 1 of the MCU go… 
Looks like it could've come from Star Wars! 
LEGO Star Wars is under appreciated 
He's not very happy about it. 
#Wearables: Join a 'Star Wars' Scavenger ... 
Medical law lecturer's Mary Had a LIttle Lamb witty (ahem) jokes (interjections) during class have now transformed… 
Look I love Darth Plagueis imo it is the best Star Wars book but we aren’t getting him in these movie… 
This is my favorite quote to say from star wars.I use it instead of 'challenge accepted' 
"Ad:" Beast Kingdom Egg Attack Action Shadow Trooper "Star Wars" EAA-018 Statue Figure  F… 
Jar Jar was designed for young kids (just like Star Wars, strangely enough). And to think that there are people who… 
As someone who gets emotional at Star Wars/Marvel films, I’m hurt. Let people be passionate about something. 
I know you’re getting a ton of support and I can’t beat but I just wanted to say that… 
Is the past all star wars have left? Too scared to tell new stories. Seems that way. Old Republic. Ri… 
Star Wars C3PO Foundmi 2.0 #gadgets #techie #device #instatech #techy #computers #laptops #gadget #screen #hack… 
you could just...not...date someone who likes Star Wars? 
As a black man I’m proud the main protagonist for Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order is a White Man . 
Star Wars cake! 
I would have fully agreed with this article had it been about making a Star Wars game with differen… 
Barely related; I know Star Wars prequel projects are dead, but an Obi-Wan Kenobi take on YoJimbo would be so great. 
It was kinda cringe, but whatever. I wont hate on him for loving Star Wars.I dont know why everyone care… 
This was created by ONE guy at Obsidian. He is recreating Star Wars: Dark Forces... This proves why someone like Ob… 
Why does it feel like I’m the only one hyped for the new Star Wars 
Just found this fucking gem from Star Wars The Force Unleashed 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Theories, Discussion, and News Breakdown - /FILM 
Still my favorite Star Wars quote “...save the rebellion - save the dream”. 
Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes Online Hack ! Generate unlimited free Crystals !!!!Click 
Star Wars Fan Guessed Episode 9 Title &amp; Emperor Return In 2012 
Star Wars Fan Guessed Episode 9 Title &amp; Emperor Return In 2012 A Star Wars fan correctly… 
Our Star Wars fever. We had some good laughs! 
This is literally me watching anything Star Wars 
Might fuck around and watch the entire Star Wars movie franchise in order because I haven’t seen any of them... 
Disney ruined Star Wars 
Yeah it does. The only games that work is either star wars or ultraman 
There will be more in the story of Rey's parents in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker 
I saw this Video by at Geeks and Gamers. Com &amp; WOW it blew me away everything he said was truth Last Jed… 
When you compare Star Wars to Spaceballs  
Fuck Star Wars and soy. 
We are about to embark on a journey that combines great world building with the love of comic book history as we fi… 
I have always loved female characters. They are the ones I identified with and looked up to. From comi… 
Just saw this on Amazon: Hot Wheels Star Wars Variations 1/64 Scale Die Cast Cars (5/8 Empire Strikes Back Spectyte… 
You know, if I was a game developer and read a story like this...it would just piss me off. 
Why is a grown ass man crying over star wars 
Ah yes.  Pick your battles.  My hubby is the most patient man in the universe to listen to my constant… 
No, I mean I'm married in general. She's not my wife. I I'm defending the principle of what she's… 
Adam driver ruined Star Wars 
Pinned to art on This Star Wars party rental collection will awaken the force in all party guests! Star… 
Pinned to art on Star Wars centerpiece 
oh sure, but just, give me anything. I love that shit. Jedi Academy is my favorite star wars game. Etc. 
Star Wars! Star Wars! Star Wars! 
Whats cringe about it?  10 seconds in, the Star Wars logo has just vanished and its… 
WTF are adults doing....with comic books?  Star Wars....yeah, cool when I was 8. 
Imagine: a queen having twin girls. Somehow the twins are separated. One is a princess; other is a rich girl. Teen… 
Movies I...Hate: Greatest ShowmanLove: Ferris BuellerOverrated: most marvel moviesUnderrated: About TimeSeen… 
You know, it's honestly really surprising there never seemed to be a WEDGE ANTILLES: A STAR WARS STO… 
Scream 4 was my Star Wars Episode VII. The start of a new trilogy, characters I loved back in the fol… 
flippy jumps: a star wars story 
Which is less of a man, Ian? This random dude who cried during a Star Wars teaser, or the unrelated dude… 
The Odd Physics of Rey's Backflip in Star Wars: Episode 
STAR WARS: THE CLONE WARS Season 7 Official Trailer (HD) Animated Series via 
Everybody that said Star Wars is dead is banned from watching this when it’s out... 
You're missing the point in all of this. It's just not worth it. It's… 
Tbh it’s cool if you get so hyped about something. It’s Star Wars man it has a massive fan base no… 
Good article, while I disagree about Rogue one and Solo not being that good and Episode… 
Games I've played since Adepticon:MagicWarhammer UnderworldsMonsterPocalypseWarhammer 40,000InfinityAristeia… 
They’re going to make like 30 more Star Wars movies anyways, when are they going weird and cool stuff with it. The… 
Episode IX: Will This Really Be The End Of Star Wars? via 
So officially connected with the man from the now infamous reaction video. I love the internet.… 
It's short, it's sweet, it's precise, it feels epic and mythological, it evokes the samurai films that initially in… 
Who wouldn't want a man who feels passion about his interests? I love hearing my boyfriend tell me ab… 
Star Wars Clone Wars Season 7 Trailer - Star Wars Celebration 2019 Chicago via and… 
Oooohhh yeaaaaah! Give us Revan! 
Three!? Well, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is there for sure. I am torn between A.I. and Emp… 
"The Last Jedi" is just objectively the best title for a Star Wars film don't me 
i just watched the video that everyone is making fun of because the guy is ~emotional watching star wars. that pur… 
In case you missed it a few months back, this is pretty sad. 
Star Wars Clone Wars Season 7 Trailer - Star Wars Celebration 2019 Chicago - YouTube 
i have never seen star wars and i’m hyped for him and the trailer because of how emotional he is abo… 
my first date with my now husband was to see #TheHobbit and now get to see new Star Wars movies for o… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Jar Jar Binks Gentle Giant Statue Limited Holiday Special  FlyingTreasures 
Star Wars storied Set between movies need to branch out of setting their stories between eras / trilogies. Go to ma… 
The Star Wars Saga and Avengers Series will both conclude by the end of 2019. Let that sink in...#EndOfAnEra #WeNeedNewMovies  
Compare Kennedy's comment to this paragraph from my February studio profile of BioWare, and… 
y’all deleted star wars the clone wars tv show. Why? I need answers! 
stories told in pictures illuminated by a flickering light. Watching movies together is the essence of being human.… 
if you do enough self-improvement EG. lift weights cut body fat, up your career, read boo… 
Is Star Wars to blame? 
The Rise of Skywalker Breakdown and Star Wars Celebration Recap - Collider Live 
Other memorable Star Wars lines-“The force will love you, always” 
People sure do care about this Star Wars thing a lot huh? 
Force awakens was mostly trash, rouge one was alright, the last Jedi was mostly, I didn’t even bother with solo, St… 
Tell ‘em! There’s plenty of reasons men can be undatable, Star Wars and superhero fandom ain’t it. 
True, random people who like the new direction shouldn't be demonized, per se. I understand that som… 
[person who writes 1/10 reviews voice] i only saw the first few minutes of one of those new star wars movies n they… 
But, the Disney Star Wars films don't have a story. Or characters. They're not even fun sc… 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker. JJs 3hr movie has a lot of explaining to do. Hopefully JJ &amp; Disney Exe… 
It's a big world, surely at least one person can come up with an interesting idea in the star wars universe! 
This alt-right dingus can go piss up a rope. When John Williams' fanfare hits and Star Wars appears on screen, I w… 
Please just don't mess up the best part (in my biased opinion) of star wars with some half-assed film t… 
The new Star Wars the clone wars trailer is the best thing to come out of the Star Wars franchise in years 
I haven't been following it but at this point anyone supporting Star Wars needs to be made fun of. ;… 
My dream Star Wars flick is Obi wan in a fistful of dollars type adventure on tatooine,  so this is as clo… 
I cried watching this trailer. I wish I could date someone that’s gets as excited about Star Wars… 
"Ad:" Sideshow Boba Fett Return of the Jedi Premium Format Figure Statue Star Wars 1/4  F… 
I love you so much and that reaction was so beautiful and you deserve everything in the whole wide wo… 
People. Star Wars is just a movie franchise. Not a spiritual guide of life. I've seem… 
Others that deserve it: Crysis series, Alan Wake, Dead Space series, GTA V, Half-Life 2, Star Wars Th… 
Being a rock star self made Star Wars journalist is cool and all but now they’re calling me Cameron Cr… 
Mario: 64Zelda: Minish CapSonic: GenerationsMetroid: Zero MissionResident Evil: 2Pokemon: CrystalGTA: 5Star… 
Dudes do the same to us girls like bitch leave me and my star wars leggings alone lol 
Don't forget.  My bday is May 12 and you said you'd get me a Star Wars LEGO kit!! 
I'm not the biggest Star Wars fan but your reaction video got me interested in the Star Wars saga again. Thanks for sharing! 
Star Wars Prequels &gt; Star Wars Sequels 
The Best of Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 via 
this is like when we had that one Star Wars movie and I had to look up a family tree of all the characters 
I'm sure combining genes and insemination is a thing in star wars! 
So you made a “fortune” off Trump’s tax cuts if you made 600k.  What’s the correct term for what you made… 
#hottakeI’m very hesitant of Star Wars IXOnly because JJ is taking it back and I’m worried that the focus on that… 
imagine someone watching this with no context of star wars yikes 
what you may be experiencing is envy over someone having a beating heart, warm blood flowing through… 
Star Wars has become a soulless, commercialized farce for emotionally incontinent manchildren. I would rather take… 
Obviously way before he embraced the dark side of the force and became the equivalent of the Emperor in Star Wars,… 
How did toxic star wars fans ruin this game that hasn't been released yet 
"Ad:" Gentle Giant Star Wars Snaggletooth Cantina Statue New In Box #366 of 400  FlyingTr… 
You know star wars has been around since the 70s and was never a children's movie right. 
Check out 2001 Star Wars Darth Vader Figure !!! #Hasbro via 
At ‘Star Wars’ Celebration, fans get first look at ‘The Mandalorian’ 
CrashResident evilStar wars 
Nobody hates star wars as much as the fans do. ;) 
Particularly proud of this story by and myself. An important message shared through a ver… 
please for the LOVE OF STAR WARS make a FRIGGIN RPG / KOTOR game then idc if you call it non cannon plea… 
that's okay, I do the same thing with the Star Wars Cantina Band but I save it as my "Sex Playlist"… 
I've never really done fan art before, but I'm tempted to do some for GOT (not the spoily kind) and Star Wars. 
Tell it to me in Star Wars 
That would be okay in another Star Wars standalone movie, but the main movies have alw… 
Umm Star Wars... it’s right there in the name.  
Nah man.  I know plenty of people that aren’t down with Star Wars. 
Always thought a top down Diablo like Star Wars game would be awesome. Lightsabers and Force powers... 
Hands up if you are a lady that likes Star Wars, superhero movies and I kind of dig guys who wear ca… 
The Avengers flicks are very fun.  I’m not a Star Wars guy but I can appreciate the longevity of the franchise. 
WAIT?!? My love for superhero movies and Star Wars is why I’m undateable?? Bless. Thought it was something else. 
Meus favoritos:Mario: 64Zelda: Breath of the WildSonic: HeroesMetroid: SuperResident Evil: 5Star wars: battl… 
Maratonando star wars.  
I'm not even a fan of Star Wars but you look so damn happy here dude that it even made me smile. 
*star wars movies not superhero. She sounds so nice... I wonder if she's dateable. It… 
I have not watched any Star Wars since the first three came out! 
Geekville Radio is back with a look at #TheMandalorian panel from Star Wars . We are joined by Vengeful Jedi, aka C… 
I'm not a fan of Star Wars in the slightest but seeing someone beat down just for being passionate ab… 
How about just enjoy the fact that there will be a new Star Wars game &amp; it’s gonna be awesome cuz… 
I have a bad feeling my wife doesn't want to talk about Star Wars anymore.... 
Just now realized that Dany from GOT is  the girl in solo a Star wars story  
Yes please! 
You do realize if they went with other ethnic backgrounds it would be like this....Generic black… 
Star Wars 40th Anniversary Plush Sets of 5, Choice of 2 Sets - $17.97 + S&amp;H #deals 
Everyone signing up for WDW marathon weekend and I’m over here thinking which race will be next year, Princess or S… 
"Right now, I have no idea where things might fall," Kennedy continued. "But we have to be careful that… 
Disney Star Wars Authentic Licensed Drawstring Bag Backpack (Blue) For Sale 
Those Star Wars wikis are always a fucking rabbit hole. 
Meus favoritos?Mario: Kart 64Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: 1Metroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2Star Wars:… 
Was calling him a loser and undateable bla bla. Like sweetie he is married. And stay in your lane why… 
You do realize if they went with other ethnic backgrounds it would be like this....Generic black guyGe… 
Good things about Star Wars Episode 3Padmè rocking the ‘Leia buns’Anakin landing the torn apart ship like it was… 
Only if it comes with Marvel, Star Wars, and National Geographic! 2019! 
That little Ashley st Clair girl singled out a man who posted a reaction video of himself watching the… 
Mark Hamill Talks About "Star Wars" Fan Reactions on Social Media via Poor Mark ,… 
AHHHH My reaction video just passed 100 views! Thank you so much, guys! I love yall so much, you have no idea!  Muc… 
Kathleen Kennedy confirming that they are looking at Knights of the Old Republic is the best Star Wars news for the… 
Gaming After Dark Episode 9 - Inside Xbox, Star Wars The Fallen Order etc via 
Star Wars nerds don't worry about that. If they want a shot of leg they can just head down to the lo… 
Lucasfilm’s Kathleen Kennedy Confirms Star Wars’ Knights Of The Old Republic Project 
A dude being attacked for crying at a star wars trailer, but it's ok because Mark Hamil tweeted his praise 
10 Fan Theories About Emperor Palpatine's Role In Episode IX With the release of the firs… 
"Ad:" Sideshow Star Wars Empire Strikes Back Yoda Legendary Scale Statue IN STOCK  Flying… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Yoda 1:1 scale statue  FlyingTreasures 
ANAHEIM 2020 FOR THE STAR WARS CELEBRATION WAT 
Nothing gives me the chills more than hearing Star Wars music 
14. Star Wars. 
Hot damn. “Recommended for all Star Wars fans” for sure 
"Ad:" LEGO 75149 Star Wars Resistence X-wing Fighter New and Sealed  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars The Battle of Endor Retired (8038) SEALED! BRAND NEW  FlyingTreasures 
You can bet your bottom dollar that the White House including Trump knows what’s in the Mue… 
"Ad:" LEGO Darth Vader Bust 75227 Star Wars 2019 Helmet - TARGET IN HAND TO SHIP *OOS*  F… 
Star Wars Fan: This looks amazing. I'm so excited!Some Right-Wing Jerk: Did you ever hear the tragedy of the Unda… 
If someone said I was “undateable” because I sob when I watch musical theatre bootlegs, I don’t wanna date them any… 
He's a Star Wars fan who's getting love from people like one of the writers of Rogue One,… 
I love Star Wars but Mark is pretty Left wing 
Hey! After seeing the trailer for the next Star Wars movie I decided I really wanted to paint a portrait of Rey. I… 
Don't turn this into a religious… 
And a Star Wars gif! My brother! How have you been? 
I love Star Wars.  if y’all judgin I will cut your face off with my lightsaber bitch 
Okay folks, what awesome people should I be following? (Marketing, Music, Business Development, Star Wars, Historic… 
I find a lot of people saying they hate Star Wars so much and yet they see the new movies on opening day. Their e… 
you’re a fucking shit bag this dude is clearly passionate about star wars you don’t have to be a dick about it 
Fuck you. Cargo shorts are sexy as fuck on men. Also, he’s 10 times the human being you’ll ever be.I’ll have yo… 
. Gavankar was such a sweetheart to meet in person. Iden Versio is one of my favorite Star Wars characters… 
I hope that man never loses that passion and he continues to love him some Star Wars. Such a shame that p… 
This Star Wars fan and many others like Star Wars because it allows us the chance to escape to a galaxy far far far… 
I'd rather watch Star Wars than wear Sketchers. Momo 
Wait, WHAT?!It's not even E3 time yet, guys. 
*whispers* “I own 4 Making of Star Wars hardcover books....” 
Thanks man! I’d give you a shout out but all my Star Wars followers already follow you 
Star Wars winning me back hard 
Star Wars slander will NEVER be tolerated I was just as excited for this trailer 
I’m undateable? Shit, I better tell my cosplay-loving, Star Wars obsessed, comic book encyclopedia of a girlfriend… 
I keep waiting for them to add Best in Star Wars/Zombie/ Sci-Fi/Celebrity/Pop-culture/Food.I'm not… 
That is MY slime king standing up for Star Wars. 
Meus favoritos?Mario: Galaxy Zelda: Botw/Skyward SwordSonic: ColorsMetroid: SuperResident Evil: RevelationsS… 
we already no they raped star wars.  we don't need to know anything else 
About as hard as it is for Hollywood to make a decent release of the old Star Wars movies 
#StarWarsJediFallenOrderPersonally, I wish we had an alien as our protagonist. There is a whole universe to explo… 
STAR WARS Episode 9: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER Trailer REACTION!! 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars RETURN OF THE JEDI Kenner Action Figure Carrying Case 1983 RARE! 
Watch the New, Awesome Trailer for 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' via 
Can someone please make Kyle watch Star Wars? #RoswellNM 
We should all be that happy over a Star Wars trailer 
Literally all I've ever wanted for a new Star Wars series was one focused on Revan and the KOTOR timeline! 
New PS5 Information, Star Wars Game Rumors 
I hope to see some Darth Revan! 
What if Force donation is like how new Jedi are born now. ...Did I just start hating Star Wars? 
I like Star Wars and Cargo Shorts, maybe I’m part of the problem. 
As a huge Star Wars fan and a progressive/left wing/bleeding heart, I’ll take a fellow ne… 
Star Wars Celebration 2019 Flipped the Script on Toxic Fandom 
Yea, but that was George Lucas. I have a feeling you and I can agree that St… 
And as a Star Wars fan, that’s fine be me.  
Guess you won’t be seeing her in another Star Wars film. 
Nah, they ain't the Maximoff twins. lol Law and Order: Star Wars 
Sneaker Talk, Game Of Thrones, Star Wars ,WWE,AEW,Shazam &amp; More - Dj Delz Show Podcast 56 
Knights of the Old Republic Project Is in Development Confirms Star Wars Boss 
The It List: Diana, Smokey, Stevie celebrate 'Motown 60,' a new 'Star Wars' adventure begins while Season 2 of 'Sta… 
Ohhhhh I get itYou're one of those anti feminist (who are just as bad as feminists) nut jobs who… 
honestly i agree, let people have their feeling and emotions, they are entitled too, and no one should… 
Its Star Wars!  It's just a fun interest &amp; I cannot comprehend why people care what… 
Star wars looks kinda stupid. Disney let this film die, You have killed it since you took ownership. And you people… 
#GlassMovie  was bad assBest trilogy since Star WarsI am epicly blown away by the complexity of the entire seri… 
How Oculus’s ‘Vader Immortal’ Puts You Into the Star Wars Universe 
Here is the new Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker trailer: #starwars #StarWarsCelebration… 
How Palpatine Almost Definitely Created Rey | Star Wars Theory via 
Im not a huge star wars fan, but anyone who is a "nerd/geek" will always have the backi… 
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Space Slug Desk #Starwars Organizer with Free Shipping : 
Me with every Star Wars/MCU/Game of Thrones thing that comes into my life 
Too bad all the new star wars besides roque one and kinda solo are terrible. Dont have high hopes for ep 9 
Colour me intrigued. Still very cautious on this one (EA publishing); but Singleplayer + No Microtransactions + Res… 
Can't roll with it, VII was a rehash, VIII was a bust. (2 out of 3 fails is bad odds) but I'm sure Di… 
5 AM! Couldn't sleep any longer. Spent the last few days at Star Wars Celebration and needed to get up ear… 
Amazing. I loved Star Wars. Saw it over a 100x in a theater, but is a freaking movie based on some g… 
Check out Star Wars Boba Fett Candy Jar Gallerie #starwars #StarWarsEpisodeIX #bobafett 
Me too. I don’t even watch Star Wars, but I absolutely love seeing people get super excited about thin… 
They can obsess over Fast and The Furious, COD, Fortnite, but they can’t with Star Wars and super heroes? Smh. 
I like game of thrones. Don’t like Star Wars. Other than the fact they’re fictional they are nothing alike. 
I'll see Star Wars but I'm not really looking forward to it. I'm sour towards the sequel trilogy but… 
Galactic Soda! Coca-Cola Debuts Custom Bottles for New Star Wars Land at Disney World 
that video of a man crying from excitement over the new star wars trailer is pathetic only because it shows how eas… 
Oh great.  After Mark Hamill went all anti America and anti military, anything he i… 
Man, fuck this. I love this guy. Nothing warms my heart quite like seeing someone passionate about something.  I ca… 
I had an amazing weekend at Star Wars Celebration. Getting to finally attend one was awesome. I need to once again… 
We were closer to the Star Wars Live stage and I had absolutely no idea how packed that floor was until I watched t… 
Now available Master &amp; Apprentice (Star Wars), by Claudia Gray. An unexpected offer threatens the bond between Qui-… 
Upcoming Jedi Reworks — Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes Forums SNIIIIIIIIPS!!!!! 
STAR WARS: Kathleen Kennedy Confirms Plans For A KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC Movie/TV Series 
How the fuck you do you not patch your toasters servers? Seriously misguided by you guys. How are we supp… 
True but fallout doesn’t have these huge movie franchises as well. And they don’t have a company like Dis… 
What Star Wars: Dark Empire Tells us About The Rise of Skywalker 
Videojuego: EA Star Wars: Battlefront 2 Plataforma: Xbox One XJugadores: Machiche + SquadJugamos EA Star Wars:… 
This the oneFollow my dude for no other reason then dude happy about star warsShit, Im happy bout star warsWatch… 
Star Wars and super hero movie obsession culture has revealed a whole new population of undateable women due to the… 
“Revan, HK-47, the lost planet of Sleheyron, a charming story about Ed Asner—[Kane’s book has] everything you’ve al… 
More info about Disney Plus’ flagship Star Wars series ‘The 
That might be cool but I still think we need to slow down with all of this.  I liked Star Wars better when it was j… 
My opinion on the crying Star Wars dude: I've teared up from this shit. So, I get it. I don't judge folks for getti… 
Disney better stay the fuck away from my favorite part of Star Wars before they tear it to shreds too.… 
I have been a Star Wars fan since 1977, but I wouldn’t cry over it. Ignore these losers! 
Future ‘Star Wars’ Are On A Short Hiatus But Will Explore Possible Different Timelines 
‘Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker’: Emperor Palpatine Surprise Was Planned For A Very Long Time… 
I hope they backpedal everything because that's the only way to have a story. Ep 8 ended… 
honestly by comparison of my roommate who was ranting about how rian johnson was an asshole bc “he woul… 
Eat a bag of sweaty dicks and let the man enjoy Star Wars. 
AC1)Black Flag2)AC 33)Origins4)AC 25)AC UnityMafia1)Mafia 22)Mafia TCOLH3)Mafia 3GTA1)Vi… 
I’m reading the Star Wars “extended universe” version of Episode 7 and it’s way better than the shit we got as a mo… 
Star Wars RATED-R, eu 
Eh, all the Star wars stuff, discless Xbox, bunch of art, and eventual Kotor movie. 
Funny game of thrones has better writing than all of Star Wars 
Star Wars Episode 9 is just 1 big Jojo reference. 
J.J. Abrams weighs in on divisive new "Star Wars" title: "I know it’s provocative" 
Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy has confirmed that they’re looking to develop a Star Wars ‘Knights of the Old… 
Dia 106. Rey(Star Wars) 
Lucasfilm Confirms Knights Of The Old Republic Movie Is In Development 
the game of thrones people are working on a new star wars story set in a different era. pretty sure it could be kotor 
You're forgetting Disney and Lucasfilm didn't even have a plan for Star Wars. JJ Ab… 
 this name said is a good name for the upcoming lego Star Wars game 
The Internet's Best Reactions To Star Wars: Episode IX Title – The Rise Of Skywalker 
The Internet's Best Reactions To Star Wars: Episode IX Title - The Rise Of Skywalker Here… 
Let me tell you about the new Star Wars movie! I used to LOVE Star Wars so watching the trailer I had a slack jaw o… 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Sizzle Reel Leaks Online - 
I still want to make my friends watch a playthrough of KotOR with me. That is the part of the Star Wars EU that is… 
I don't know anything about the MMO, but the original KOTR was fun as hell and Revans story is actual… 
Hi pretty lady - we are planning to explore more places in/around my husband's new post and a fun Disn… 
I think it has worked out very well, it has spread a lot of love throughout the fan… 
One’s a slimy, fat, nasty asshole, and the other is a fictional Star Wars character  
WowJust got done watching Glass and it was absolutely epic They are seem like the good guys??… 
I feel sorry for everyone who is making fun of the dude who cried over the Star Wars trailer. I’m sorry nothing in… 
Star Wars: JJ Abrams Says ‘There’s More to the Story’ of Rey’s Parents 
No body:Ashley StClair: Star Wars and super hero movie obsession culture has revealed a whole new… 
Bro, it's life. Haven't you seen the new Star Wars trailer? God. 
I'm picturing a Star Wars cantina scene with a stage-full of bards 
Deserved. The man did nothing wrong but you had to go and make fun of him for loving Star Wars. 
1) Cargo shorts are better than spandex.2) Superheroes &amp; Star Wars are awesome fandoms. Is this a sexist assumptio… 
Wow, just wow. Doubling down like this. You seriously DON’T know your audience. And you don’t know w… 
is the perfect example of the Hero’s journey that taught us. The hero’s journey is what all of… 
Have ya played Star Wars The Old Republic MMO at all?  It’s decent fun and they have an expansion coming in September. 
I did a reaction video for Force Awakens, an ACTUAL reaction. No… 
Tonight at dinner, my four-year-old daughter, completely unprompted, said “daddy, I think I need some new Star Wars… 
Star Wars The Force Awakens: Max Landis is sexist and Rey is a Mary Sue ... via 
I hope you said the same thing about all those men who cried when Tiger Woods won Sunday. He made me excited for St… 
What do you know about human decency? You think loving comic books, cargo pants and star wars means… 
This is what weeding looks like. These genres were packed to the bookends but didn’t circulate as much as expected… 
What a great day for raided ( recommended )… 
I hope someone never cares abt you as much as he does abt Star Wars.. being judge mental is such an unattractive trait... 
Can Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order Be the Single-Player Game Fans Deserve? 
And yeah, I'm a Star Wars nerd myself but my life isn't driven by it. 
Star Wars has sucked balls since Return of the Jedi. And even then the Ewoks were dumb as Hell. So w… 
10 Most Pointless Star Wars Movie Changes You Never Even Noticed via 
Star Wars: Kathleen Kennedy Confirms Knights Of The Old Republic Project Is In Development 
A Twitter User Predicted Episode 9's Title Almost 7 Years Ago 
Although extreme diehard Star Wars nerds flip shit over this, I actually appreciate Lucasfilm's decision to make ev… 
Ian McDiarmid says the Emperor is definitely ‘dead’ before Episode IX via 
Something about Star Wars gets me super happy, excited, emotional, angry, etc. and for an outsider to bash… 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker (2019) #StarWars #EpisodeIX #TheRiseofSkywalker 
I’m gonna go broke doing this 
How Ray Park and The Mandalorian Are Upping the Action in Star Wars: The Clone Wars via 
Sweet. Star Wars artisan cheeses confirmed! 
thanks for signing books; Star Wars comics are in great hands! 
Today on (Almost) Entirely Sports, talked to about three top safety prospects, and which… 
Star Wars: Skywalker Gets A Rise 
Honestly, if a guy has never seen Star Wars or doesn't know the ins and outs of the Marvel universe t… 
Lord, I know there are a lot of pressing issues lately, but I would really enjoy that single-player Star Wars game. Amen. 
Probably everyone else realized this already but....don't look at the cute star wars reacting guy's Twitter feed. W… 
I don’t know about you but I just kinda assume everyone likes Star Wars and Prince unless they specifically say otherwise. 
I don't own any cargo shorts. I don't even know what they are. I've never cried at a Star Wars movie either. 
I did. And I'm gonna see Endgame and Star Wars and Toy Story 4 and all the Disney r… 
I like the sound of this. 
Star Wars has caused me to cry a few times. There’s also been times it’s put a HUGE smile on my face. The ending to… 
Watch the first trailer for ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’   #Nasdaq On April 12, 
they don’t lmdao and he’s  free to react how he wanted to Star Wars al… 
yo you see this new star wars game my brah 
I like all four TNG movies. But I also like the Star Wars Prequels, the fourth Indiana… 
Next? When Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker's Full Length Trailer May Be Coming 
It's honestly so exciting to be a Star Wars fan right now. Just so much going on. It's wonderful. 
Too much Star Wars? Not possible with ol Dylan here. Lol 
I don’t like the new Star Wars movies but I’m glad someone can be so emotionally moved by it 
still thinking about ian mcdiarmid commanding them to "play it again" at the star wars episode ix panel 
No one is deserving of such harassment as you've experienced, but I do think you should simply apolo… 
I’ve never even seen Star Wars (i know, it’s bad, sorry) but that video made me happy. I actually go… 
Commission of star wars RPG PC! Never done a wookie before, so it was exciting! 
My favourite thing right now: videos that compare star wars to classic canon. This one is about Milton, the Bible a… 
I like that even the new Star Wars Kid is lame. He's not even playing with a fucking lightsaber. He'… 
I watched the new Star Wars trailer. I'm excited. I've seen all of them and look forward to seeing how it plays out. 
Kathleen Kennedy Confirms Plans For A KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC Movie/TV Series #StarWars #KOTOR 
The Troll is strong with this one ... yes20 Years Later, George Lucas Still Names Jar Jar Binks His Favorite ‘Sta… 
Oh this lady who said a guy who cried over the Star Wars trailer was undateable. I'm su… 
I like Star Wars and Marvel all for entertainment. I am also for Trump 2020. 
got home and these were waiting in the mailbox because the Star Wars party DOES NOT STOP 
woman tells the truth about manchilds. manchilds sperg n defend star wars n cape shit 
So, any man that shows emotion for something (or someone) they love (in the case of your video, Star… 
&lt;3Thank you for saying. I've seen the last 24 hours about the folks *saddened* by the cathedral.… 
Irish People React To Star Wars Ep 9 Rise OF Skywalker Trailer! Sharuf! via best reaction! 
Star Wars Celebration Chicago was great! Had a fun time and got some good stuff, attended amazing panels, and got s… 
Meus favoritos?Mario: Odyssey;Zelda: Botw;Sonic: 3;Metroid: Fusion;Resident Evil: Revelations;Star Wars: Bat… 
Seeing his reaction made it even better, an dpeople who make fun of those passionate about something are n… 
You can order the official #StarWars #TheRiseOfSkywalker logo t-shirt now from (Referral)… 
Mario: 3D LandZelda: 4 SwordsSonic: Master System SonicMetroid: SuperResident Evil: Code Veron… 
Gonna stream on Mixer now. Star Wars battlefront II the original. 
Jedi are not allowed emotional attachments that is why anakin fell. His mother died and h… 
Don't get mad about that star wars. Don't you know it's a space wizard tale for babies? 
Star Wars Episode IX – The Rise Of Skywalker – Official Teaser Trailer 
Says the stuck up woman who believes in a fantasy book about a man in the clouds. We have our fantas… 
Star Wars - Resistance Suite (Theme) via 
I have some custom "Han shot first " edition Star Wars blu Ray's with your name on them! If you wan… 
And be amongst other good people, just look up starwars order of the… 
You can only complain so much about things making sense in a fantasy world. Star Wars is fantasy, n… 
finally back in Denver; way over-tired and crying about Star Wars in my car 
"Ad:" Star Wars Yoda replica statue  FlyingTreasures 
Super Mario WorldZelda: Ocarina of Time Sonic The HedgehogSuper MetroidResident Evil 3GTA: Vi… 
Disney Star Wars 
Star Wars: Thrawn 
"Ad:" LEGO 75217 Star Wars Set - Imperial Conveyex Transport *NIB* FACTORY SEALED!**  Fly… 
"Ad:" LOT OF 3 Lego Star Wars LUKE LANDSPEEDER 75173 &amp; SPECIAL BATTLE PACK 75197 ×2  Flyi… 
‘The Mandalorian’ Cast At ‘Star Wars’ Celebration 
Loved WEG d6! It's what I cut my teeth on for a star wars rpg title. 
wins on Star Wars alone....this poll is a disgrace 
Check out  Lego Harry Potter, Star Wars Minifigures Lot 30+ extra parts #Lego via 
I like Star Wars and superhero movies, and I have a beautiful girlfriend who shares my enjoyment. 
Star Wars: The Fraud Awakens -- Yet another review of The Force Awakens via 
Sneak peek at Star Wars 9 
Watch as helps defend the Republic in Star Wars: Republic Commando! 
I wonder how many of the Star Wars toxic fan trolls will even give credit to Kennedy about this. One of the long wa… 
Kathleen Kennedy Reveals Lucasfilm Is "Developing Something" In The Old Republic Era of 'Star Wars' - No Concrete P… 
if there was, you certainly wouldn't find it in Star Wars! 
That's a lot to say about this retweet of a guy getting pumped about Star Wars 
Kathleen Kennedy Confirms Knights Of The Old Republic #StarWars Movie Is In Development - 
There's a video going around where a guy is crying while watching the new Star Wars trailer. I laughed when I watch… 
Nah. It’s towards the subject of our most recent group chat. And the girl who was making fun of that gu… 
That time I went to Mexico and they had bootleg Star Wars shirts 
Right after you binge watch all your super hero and star wars movies? 
I never understood the hype behind Star Wars 
On top of all this, the hottest content on Netflix isn't owned by Netflix. All the Star Wars movies? All the Marvel… 
Star Wars is stupid! 
The Podcast: Episode 193 – ‘Star Wars 9’, ‘The Mandalorian’, and the Future of ‘Star Wars’… 
‘Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker’: Emperor’s Laugh Is Misleading - LucasfilmThe first trailer for Star Wars: The… 
I agree with you about Star Wars but not #Babylon5. That show was super deep. 
United Airlines unveils new Star Wars look #boeingemployee 
Reminds us of toys r us, back in the 90s.#toysrus #starwars #star #wars #actionfigures #toys #vintage #classic… 
So Lego Star Wars masterpiece 
I have never seen Star Wars in my life nor do I plan to. But y’all better leave these geeks alone and let them live… 
WHY DO PEOPLE FEEL THE NEED TO RECORD THINGS THEY ARE SHOWN?! At Star Wars I saw people pulling out their phones fo… 
Me, watching Rogue One before #SWCC:Star Wars war movie bro! WWII in space! Crushin’ beers! *high fivesMe, watch… 
#31DayCinemaChallengeDay 1: First movie you saw in the theater.I honestly don't remember. I remember lots of thin… 
Lego Star Wars 
Dude, you're okay in my book. Let's watch Star Wars together 
Some Star Wars fans are pretty good people.  Not sure if they live up to your standards, but definitely not losers. 
Fuck this girl for tweeting something like this.  I think it’s amazing we have franchises that have captivated audi… 
Your young and old Star Wars fans will have so much fun at Wings Over The Rockies' event! They go all out to celebr… 
this guy has gone viral for his reaction to Star Wars. What do you guys thin… 
SO is the Emperor Palpatine alive or dead? Here is what Ian McDiarmid says. #EpisodeIX #TheRiseofSkywalker 
I support you and have respect for your energy for Star Wars. I channel it all inward 
I dunno. I grew up with the OT of Star Wars, but never actually cried. It's like the… 
When you’re a fan of Star Wars and own cargo shorts 
The evil laugh from the #StarWars: #TheRiseOfSkywalker trailer may not be what it seems 
Star Wars News: Is the Franchise Going on Hiatus? Only Kinda 
If they gonna bring back the Emperor  in Star Wars y’all might as well bring back my boi Mace Windu mofos 
congrats on winning the award for "first author to use the phrase 'getting laid' in a Star Wars novel"… 
We will break down all the new PS5 information on Video Games Weekly tonight at 7:00 on with… 
Imagine a man crying over a star wars trailer...should slap that cuck silly. 
Ian McDiarmid Confirms Palpatine Is Dead Before Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
The Best of Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 via #StarWarsCelebration2019… 
I have a very serious confession to make  im sorry for hiding this from everyone. but now i can finally say it, iv… 
Don’t understand how me n… 
"Ad:" 19" Huge Star Wars Scout Trooper on Speeder Bike Statue- 1/6 Scale  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Set of 2 -19" Huge Star Wars Scout Trooper on Speeder Bike Statue Back in Stock!  F… 
"Ad:" Kotobukiya Star Wars Bounty Hunter IG-88 ArtFx+ 1/10 Scale Statue  FlyingTreasures 
I get teary-eyed once in a while over Star Wars.  But I still like you and will follow 
What’s a burro? Can you ride them? Are they from the new Star Wars? 
Stfu I know I’m not a snack but at least I have a girlfriend who doesn’t understand Star Wars. I was the same way a… 
I felt bad our Patreon folks didn't get an extended episode this week, so if you want to hear talk… 
Jedi Fallen Order Panel Goes Behind the Game at Star Wars Celebration 
SPEECHLESS!! STAR WARS ACTOR Tom “ADMIRAL ACKBAR” Kane INCINERATES The L... via 
The Mandarino: a Star Wars Story. 
List two pet peeves. — 1) Vocally contrarian tastes (that is, people who think they're special because they like wh… 
It’s really sad seeing people rip on the guy being extremely excited for the new Star Wars movie. We all have thing… 
There is no one I want to go and see Star Wars with more than this guy. 
I'm going to stake out a different approach here:Not everything and everyone needs to be ripped to shreds for hav… 
Lol everyone getting excited about wall running in Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order.Id be excited if I actually saw… 
Kevin Smith's Interesting Theory for 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' Title 
Lo-fi Star Wars beats to chill/study to 
I love Star Wars and cargo shorts! 
Also, can't wait to see what you've done with Star Wars. If it's anything like Titanfall games,… 
I fucking love star wars 
i’ve literally never seen this man in my life but i BET he has his own fan base within the star wars wor… 
An autistic married man expressed his joy over Star Wars with one of tho… 
Both true. I'm glad someone else has finally come out and said how pathetic adult superhero and star… 
Well now I just want a whole Hungarian version of Star Wars. 
I'm going to watch the new Star Wars movie in cargo shorts. 
Wow that sounds cool. You have… 
You’re right, the post accompanying the video is garbage but man watching that video made me smile… 
this is how watches star wars 
I'm not really into Star Wars, but since (KOTOR 2) is working on it, I'm compelled to enter this universe 
lmfaoooo, so to be dateable, you can't enjoy star wars or superhero movies, got it 
Electronic Arts and Respawn Entertainment released a new teaser trailer for the upcoming single player Star Wars ga… 
ILMxLAB, Lucasfilm and Oculus have announced VADER IMMORTAL, an upcoming VR series that will put you at the center… 
Today at Star Wars Celebration Chicago (SWCC), the title of Episode 9 was revealed (The Rise Of Skywalker) along wi… 
Star Wars is total shit.  But Ashley please don't speak poorly of Game of Thrones.   
Okay, now I want to see a Star Wars/Mamma Mia cross over. 
"Ad:" 2019 Star Wars Celebration Chicago Patch Ultra Rare With Card New Jedi Swag SWCC  F… 
‘Star Wars: The Old Republic’ Finally Gets A New Expansion 
But when we criticize the newer Star Wars properties it's almost like we literally summoned Mecha-Hitler… 
I’m not much of a star wars fan. I do love the marvel films, but imagine talking down on someone for enjoying somet… 
Same. There's a couple traveling from CHI to KC on this train. She is eating the ramen with a spoon, a… 
Men who need women to tell them what makes them men are the real sjw cucks. I don’t… 
Then again, you could be right. Kathleen Kennedy, Rian Johnson, and JJ Abrams have ab… 
I respect your opinion.I also respectfully tell you that your opinion is wrong.Yes, this is a me… 
The quote tweet posted by that bumblecunt making fun of a Star Wars fan keeps showing up on my TL. Restaurant worke… 
Eric is the manifestation, the essence of a Star Wars fan 
I'm tired of the star wars is now for women, star wars is now for LGBTQ. Star wars is for the peopl… 
Hasbro Reveals New Toys from A Galaxy Far, Far Away at Star Wars Celebration Chicago 
anyone else completely unable to think or talk about anything except Star Wars post-Celebration 
People who don't like Star Wars are undateable! 
Turns out the girl who was mad about the Star Wars guy's happiness retweets pedophiles regularly. So we were all right from the beginning. 
Whattttt... really. That also m… 
You can #win a Star Wars Night Figure of the Millenium Falcon Flying Over Fenway Park #Giveaway ends 4/30… 
We have Star Wars collectibles at #starwars #darthvader #art #disney #marvel #memes #jedi… 
now that Disney owns FOX, could you please put the FOX fanfare &amp; logo at the beginning of Star Wars IX? It’s greatly missed. 
Big shout out by the way to for making a Star Wars reference in a council meeting. 
Okay what did this guy do that provoked such animosity?Just because he's excited for the new Star Wars? 
All the Hasbro Star Wars Toy Reveals From Celebration! 
Star Wars Finally Reveals What The Chosen One Prophecy Said 
Star Wars Finally Reveals What The Chosen One Prophecy Said Star Wars has finally reveal… 
what’s wrong w being excited ? we STAN a king who isn’t afraid to be vulnerable and show emotion and we STAN a male… 
#ICYMITheories on why THAT character is missing from the #StarWars #RiseOfSkywalker teaser 
She’s a bully because she made fun of someone who cries about Sta… 
You’re correct, Star Wars/Marvel “men” are indeed insane losers! 
Hey I don’t cry about Star Wars and I’m no soy drinking beta.  But don’t hate on my vidya games. 
Report: Solo: A Star Wars Story Actress Phoebe Waller-Bridge Tapped For Rewrites on James Bond Movie… 
LEGO Star Wars the Complete Saga 
Reminds me of my teenages… 
Just like when I saw Star Wars. First person out of theater says....Can’t believe they killed Han Solo. Ha 
Here's Your First Look at Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order - Release Date Trailer and More | Glitched Africa 
Nice Star Wars panties. I have bunch of Star Wars tshirts and Star Wars boxers. 
Star Wars: Episode II – Attack Of The Clones Pitch Meeting 
Star Wars Celebration Photos From Chicago 2019 Part 1 !! via 
hi i love cartoons and star wars! thanks for listening 
Star Wars: Episode II - Attack Of The Clones Pitch Meeting In the latest entry of our on… 
I understand where you're coming from, so let me clarify. As of now, the Star Wars saga is indeed 10… 
Just about sums it up... add in that the guy who really liked the Star Wars trailer is okay, &amp; the peopl… 
If you wanna rag on me for crying during the Star Wars trailer, fine;But they used Leia's Theme for the score, sh… 
1977 Star Wars #1 Marvel Comics signed Stan Lee signature CGC 9.4 (White pages)   ( 63 Bids )  
But dropping "bitch" on what seemed like a weekly basis is perfectly fine. Let's also not forge… 
Check out Funko Pop! Star Wars Mudtrooper # 248 FUNKO SHOP EXCLUSIVE  #Funko via 
Bold of you to assume we, people who enjoy Star Wars and Super Hero movies, are interested at all in… 
My two guesses re your Star Wars question: (1) The budget is blown on special effects, so there is les… 
Ladies get you a man who gets excited about Star Wars &amp; not other chicks in his inbox. And men, don’t date this bit… 
Good on you, man! Love what you love. I love Star Wars too! Super stoked for Ep IX. 
It appears United's N37267 is at AMA getting the updated United livery (debuts April 24), not the Star Wars IX spec… 
NEW VIDEO:Apparently being a Star Wars fan makes you 
I made a fighter for my space army, like star wars, Stinger class fighter meant for fast space flight, has a small… 
Example of a dead-end franchise:Why the hell is EVERY Terminator movie about the Connors and time traveling? We're… 
And no, I do not equate Star Wars with the story of the Skywalker family. That's just imposing a limit on your prem… 
Everybody is complaining about no customization in the jedi fallen order game and that you’re forced to play a whit… 
Let's hope this one gets as much attention as my last one about The Last Jedi got... Otherwise, I'll think none of… 
#StarWars' fans get 1st look at #TheMandalorian' series coming to Disney+ 
Wow, rude...theres nothing wrong with liking Star Wars and superheroes. She's exceeding… 
I agree with you but I like Star Wars and I love the Marvel movies. But then again I’m not a sociall… 
MORE THAN DUMB: What the Star Wars cry guy tells us about society. 
Next Decade of Star Wars Movies Will Unite Game of Thrones Creators &amp; Rian Johnson 
How is Scott Ian not a Star Wars character? 
White men ruined the new Star Wars video game.  TOPIC for shows. 
For the record, me and many others actually don't care what skin color the protagonist is, only the NPC supremacist… 
To celebrate #StarWarsDestiny, and the new #Reylo pairing, we are giving away our new, super-thematic Power Action… 
I will admit this new game seems to have a lot of promise, I would like to have a new Star W… 
She probably has some anger stored up inside and is taking it out on others. She tweeted… 
A Sneak Peek at The Mandalorian from Star Wars Celebration Chicago 
Did Kylo Ren Lie About Rey's Parents? 
Star Wars is soooo lame 
Star wars Suxass 
Even the responses here are pretty amazing. I like Star Wars (I stood for hours to see E… 
George Lucas Says Jar Jar Binks Is His Favorite Star Wars Character - #StarWars 
Alright. I need to get back into Star Wars Battlefront 2 2017. 
it’s beautiful to see someone enjoy something so much to be moved like that, even if the LotR tril… 
Man, when this girl finds out about my Star Wars-branded cargo shorts, I'm screwe… 
This is how you react to something you love! This is me for every trailer or Star Wars, Marvel or D… 
"Ad:" Attakus Star Wars Elite Collection Yoda 2 Statue New  FlyingTreasures 
Anyway, it just feels like most of the star wars fan base is like 'POE/FINN' or 'POE/REY' and i'm like 'POE/NOT DYING IN EPISODE 9' 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order - PlayStation 4 - -  buy now    $59.99A galaxy-spanning a… 
Y’all she’s being sarcastic and none of you are seeing it  she’s still subtly mocking Star Wars fans. 
Nothing wrong with star wars and super heroes. Clearly she has no life 
What’s wrong with Star Wars? 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Republic Fighter Tank 75182 Building Kit, New  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars 75533 - Boba Fett Stand Alone Lego Set - Sealed NIB  FlyingTreasures 
I noticed how rude you were treated after sharing your reaction to the Star Wars trailer. I wanted to… 
A New 'Star Wars' Trailer, 'Game of Thrones' Returns, and More 
JCDPC would also like to recognize MO Networkas a Silver Sponsor for our Star Wars event. Thank you for your ongoin… 
There's all this discourse over star wars characters and their sexuality, which is fine, but also in terms of canon… 
I screenshotted this tweet bc I don’t want to add numbers to their awful post, but listen if my future mans don’t c… 
"Will it be another 2.5 hours of calling for white genocide?" 'Real' Star Wars fan. "Looks cool, I like… 
star wars etc 
I going to be honest: When I read the OG tweet, I thought it was going to be about that… 
Still so crazy to me that the final Star Wars in this story is being released later this year and after that, there… 
[WATCH] Kevin Smith Share ‘Star Wars’ Theory About ‘Rise Of Skywalker’ - LucasfilmStar Wars has always been a hav… 
Daisy Ridley Doesn't Ship Rey and Kylo Ren in 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' 
Besides other Star Wars fans I met Ian McDiarmid! 
Hearing him say Star Wars words is wild 
That movie does look really cool tho. Homie was crying during star wars trailer. 
Video made me cringe really hard.  I would expect that kind of emotion from someone seeing their wife… 
JCDPC would like to recognize American Addiction Centers as a Silver Sponsor for our Star Wars event. Thank you for… 
JCDPC would like to thank the City of Herculaneum for donating the use their beautiful park for our Star Wars event… 
I’m hoping #theriseofskywalker brings the Star Wars fandom back together again. Your… 
I’d say it’s to see how insane the Star Wars hotel will be! I think how that is designed/turns out… 
Hey uh I know you usually judge men, but could you give this lady a rating for saying a man that is h… 
That point on political spectrum the two assholes at either end intersect to form . . . that big, gapin… 
Now, reimagine Star Wars with all characters wearing cargo shorts.  That's a game-changer. 
 Is it very neutral to jump on an unrelated post and start advocating for Disney? C… 
Sooo I got a fandom Twitter, so follow me there for Star Wars shenanigans including my irrational love of Hux and P… 
Maybe my goat moment was spoiling Star Wars on my Instagram a few years ago. Might need to do it with Avengers tbh 
Gotta say, I just LOVE your boundless enthusiasm for Star Wars. 
‘Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker’ Doesn’t Take Place Immediately After ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ 
Incorrect. It's not even close. Obesity isn't fixed overnight. Theo… 
The current canon--DisCanon, nuCanon--doesn't have an "Expanded Universe." Their ext… 
So this guy showing emotion to something that you think is stupid or that he’s passionate about, he then becomes un… 
Apparently wanting female playable characters in a star wars game is considered asking too much. a… 
My Interview With Star Wars Ro Reviews at Star Wars Celebration ! via 
There is no "new Expanded Universe canon."You really want to take it here, don't y… 
I got some YT news for you (if you didn't Know already), a YouTuber deleted his reaction to th… 
everyone shits on final fantasy but those games were so much of my youth i will never hate the series and i love st… 
Kevin Smith has an intriguing #StarWars theory about #TheRiseOfSkywalker's title 
everyone making fun of that dude crying over star wars let me tell you ever time i hear this in a ff game i break d… 
Star Wars but everybody is Glenn &amp; all ships are Lucilles. 
Tuesday Afternoon with Mecha LIVE! Star Wars, Star Trek, Marvel, DC, Cor... via 
Millennials' Star Wars 
I just want a girl to feed me mashed potatoes corn and steak and watch Star Wars with me.. 
I'll play along.BEST GAME IN EACHThis is JUST FOR FUNMario: Luigi’s MansionZelda: ALBWSonic: Sonic AdvanceMe… 
I'm sure this game will be cool, but when is Star Wars going to give us the open world, RPG we all actually want? 
I have an interest in filmmaking, so a LOT of that movie is just absolutely phenomenally impressive.… 
Star Wars: Han Solo Card Game From #StarWars #HanSolo via #sweepstakes 
Star Wars Episwede 1: The Sweded Menace is better ;) 
#FullFrontalNerdity looks at perhaps a New New Republic in Star Wars: 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order's protagonist is such a wasted opportunity 
Imagine being this upset over someone else's happinessI'm not even *super* into Star Wars anymore and his excitem… 
If you think Star Wars won’t be remade again you’re delusional. Also, they’re still going to make Avengers… 
might fuck around and   |      |    \         / ____| |____/        __/\_watch Star Wars again 
Interesante!Mario: 3Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: Sonic &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: RE2Pok… 
Well, guys. The nipples are pierced. And I have a Star Wars tattoo.  
ICMYI: Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Trailer, Release Date Reveal New Game 
You ever think RLM is gonna just come out and admit they don't like Star Wars and move the fuck on? 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker': What does the title mean? 
Just spent the last glorious 6 days at Star Wars Celebration and I am soooo hyped for all the things coming!! 
Mario:Haven’t played anyZelda: Haven’t played anySonic:Haven’t played anyMetroid:Haven’t played… 
This be me when I see star wars trailers. 
you disgust me. how are you just gonna say that. thats SO fucking rude. that makes him happy. how would you feel if… 
RETURN OF THE JEDINoisyPod records tonight. Let’s have your questions.  Bonus points if Star Wars related. Use… 
So we're talking about Star Wars and Notre Dame. Tweet me your links to books, articles, accounts, and examples of… 
We will be recording our Star Wars Celebration episode this Thursday and we want your reactions to all the news! Le… 
The same people making fun of for crying over Star Wars are the same people who get shitfaced in a Bu… 
BIG thanks to for taking the time to sit down with us at our Live Star Wars Celebration recording.… 
listen pal, I don’t know why you started bringing aliens in… 
I love how the camera has to move around and tighten focus because the extras are cracking up!Parks and Recreation… 
Looking forward too watch  the new star wars alot more.. 
She’s 100% right about Star Wars nerds tho 
Why are you trying to tell men how they should act and what they need to be like? Do… 
Coke to sell droid-like bottles at new Star Wars theme parks 
This Celebration was like being wrapped up in pure Star Wars joy and enthusiasm. It was Christmas morning that last… 
Star Wars, A Galactic Spectacular Dessert Party: A Full Review via 
A friend of mine, who loves Star Wars, but has only ever really interacted with the Reddit… 
Aww, he’s so cute! I teared up just watching his excitement. That girl is a horrible… 
Star Wars Darth Vader Stormtroopers Self-Locking ABS Building Blocks Minifigures Set Limited 
I’m dateable as fuck and I love Star Wars. 
maybe some star wars obsessed chick would. 
With parts made from materials that replicate the original, even beginners can achieve an authentic looking X-wing… 
Butt hurt over Star Wars? Seriously, I hated the 1st movie &amp; thought it was a waste of time waiting… 
There is nothing I won’t do for Star Wars 
I can’t leave a review on iTunes so I’ma leave it here.Since y’all talked on Star Wars and GoT, I let t… 
What does Star Wars share in common with #digitalmarketing? A lot: 
"The Mandalorian" and the Future of 'Star Wars' | IMDbrief 
I really don't care for Star Wars, and I'm fairly critical of superhero movie hype, but I'm super hap… 
I can say I've never seen a full Star Wars all the way through. I know, right??? 
Star Wars’ Admiral Ackbar Is Not Happy About His Death In The Last Jedi 
it's kinda bittersweet to think that that was the last star wars trailer? like they may make more spin offs or anot… 
Come on, There's No Way J.J. Abrams Wasn't Bringing Back the Emperor 
I love Star Wars, stream retro video games, and I’m man enough to let my daughters p… 
Tbh with me I have that problem with Rogue one, with the characters. You essentially know how t… 
Basically, nothing from Disney Star Wars has been THAT great. So I sided more with the subversive m… 
Yes!!! I’m not a Star Wars fan at all, I’ve never taken interest, but it’s just so unnecessary … 
“A lot of my friends are Star Wars fans” 
Cuz I’m sure his love of Star Wars was the only hang up preventing you two from meeting for dinner.… 
Either going all-in on the Star Wars theme or going back to the Friendship livery.... (yeah,… 
New Star Wars game ??  hmm lemme take a gander at the trailer 
This is me looking at dogs up for adoption  While Star Wars is great and just not my thing she has… 
STAR WARS 
I have zero interest in any Star Wars vehicle-themed games. 
And gameplay for Jedi: Fallen Order...I need a return of excellent Star Wars games. 
I don't like that stuff. I love the original Star Wars movies, but that's where fanboyism ends. I dug th… 
A new Marvel game might be coming to Disney and Lenovo’s augmented reality headset 
people with passion are cool idc what anyone says this guy is cool ! and i don’t even like star wars 
Ok maybe not so much that last one BUT I'm wearing my star wars tie I got in Michigan last year for the interview t… 
Yup. But like you said, that's part of the problem. These men have been taught to ac… 
Does rabid online fandom now face a major moral conundrum between Star Wars legacy and Child's Play loyalty with th… 
SOLO:  A Star Wars Story Genuine Suede Leather Jacket on SALE with FREE #SOLO… 
The story can be spun many ways. The fact of the matter is the customers/fan base won't put up woth an… 
Star Wars battlefront 2 you can not kill me at all #smallyoutubers #SmallYouTuberArmy… 
As a typophile, Star Wars nerd and former Coke lover, I think this is beautiful. 
I learned my pick up lines from the star wars prequels is that any better? 
and I appreciate the Star Wars drop on your part 
A bunch of artists have put a lot of effort into making our Star Wars Beerwalk more authentic with their art collec… 
You’re missing the point. It has nothing to do with Star Wars, super heroes or cargo shorts.It’s th… 
Got Chewbacca on my wall cuz Star Wars is dope 
Anakin And The Emperor Reunite In #StarWars Celebration Photo - 
NEW VIDEO - Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order | Gameplay Details Revealed: 
Had no clue Mark Hamill was voicing Chucky in the Child's Play reboot.This pretty much all but confirms my theory… 
I always thought I was fairly well versed in Star Wars lore, but today I found out that Anakin Skywalker was an imm… 
All you Star Wars nerds need to realise the reason the new mosvies are shit is because they are cynical and George… 
There's definitely light in that little bugger. I'd love to see that explored. It would definitely take… 
The end of the "war" part should be the end of Star "wars," after all. 
I grew up on Star Wars KOTOR, we birthday brothers fr fr 
Here we go again. This is like using a tape measure to determine how good a steak is. 
"Ad:" New Star Wars Boba Fett Collector's Gallery 1/8 Scale Gentle Giant Statue  FlyingTr… 
My wife's PhD loves both Star Wars and super hero movies, and is hotter and smarter than you. 
"I guess I'll have to become Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope"           - Luke Skywalker 
I’m back for some spicy Star Wars Destiny hot takes #StarWarsDestiny #SWDestiny 
I got goosebumps watching his reaction I don't watch star wars I just felt so happy for the guy 
You dont deserve star wars. 
im the crying star wars guy but for new episodes of beating bobby flay 
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix To Win The Streaming Wars 
#RunDisney Star Wars Rival Run 5k Race Recap -- the one where we went all out for costumes...and then it rained. Re… 
Star Wars is stupid !!And I'm gonna keep my damn cargo shorts too !There I said it !! 
Loved your video and sharing of your true emotions. Proud to call you a fellow fan of Star Wars. 
This weeks episode willpeak your interest! We talk Star Wars new trailer. Plus discuss Disney Plus and it’s content… 
It's not a main Star Wars film. But I don't like Rogue One. It would probably fall in the The Last Jedi range. 
Over effing Star Wars?!? WTF!?!?! For heaven's sake IT'S A FREAKING MOVIE FOLKS. If you find yourself harrassing so… 
And Star Wars loves you. 
Star Wars movies should make you angry and make you laugh, for the same 
Wait a minuteIs my future roommate co forming to society standards?For shameAlso hell no I like superhero and… 
You do you. I'll just enjoy Star Wars. 
Personally, I don't like Star Wars. (It's not an attack, just an opinion). But, I have dated quite a… 
I was only able to attend via the livestream (I chose the Denver Comic Con over Celebration), but eve… 
Not claiming to be more male but I've never seen Star Wars. IDK, maybe it'd make me cry. 
I love how all the actor's see how stupid it is. It's the best they see what Disney Rian and other fans a… 
There's nothing wrong with enjoying these things. Me, personally, I never got into Star Wars, but I don… 
I completely agree with u. CAPTAIN MARVEL SUCKED AND BRIE LARSON IS A TERRIBLE ACTRESS! Who the hell… 
High wasted jean wearing and Star Wars loving =not dateable 
Girl, I dunno what you're seeing, but this dude is awesome. Allowing himself to feel in front of an… 
In honor of the Star Wars Celebration wrapping up this week, we thought we'd share our top 5 picks for future Star… 
I always find myself agreeing with your views on Star Wars. I love your star wars versus videos hop… 
‘Star Wars Vader Immortal – Episode 2’ Will Focus on Force Powers, Episode 1 on Lightsabers 
Bunt is huge lately on eBay. People using a brokerage system almost. Post your cards and sell. Mus… 
People out here complaining about content seem to forget they are making a whole ass Star Wars game too chill 
Only cuz I don't play Star Wars games. Those SNES ones aren't great. 
I bet there's an equally "undatable" girl out there, hyped for the next star wars movie.  And they w… 
Ian McDiarmid says the Emperor is definitely ‘dead’ before Episode IX 
Yeah no this is the exact definition of cringe. Good lord I love Star Wars more then the average guy… 
Chris Avellone Interview - How Clone Wars and Rebels influenced Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order via /r/Games… 
Over 24 hours, people have told me to kill myself, sent death threats, contacted my boyfriends school to complain (… 
O. M. F. G. I need this in my life, yesterday.Clone Wars Season 7 NEW Trailer - Star Wars Celebration 2019… 
#StarWarsTheLastJedi Actor Throws Shade At Admiral Ackbar's Death - 
The person who tweeted this just showed the world how highly undateable they are. This video is so pure and screw a… 
You’re gonna get so much pussy for how much you hate Star Wars Ian  
Your Star Wars reaction video was amazing! So glad to see another so passionate and nerding out just… 
Even worse is the guy in the Star Wars reaction video deleted his video and social media because these ugly fucking… 
Fantastic story about and how fandom is changing for the better (despite the loud losers): 
Kill everyone.I mean everyone, just like on Rogue One. Kill Chewie, Rae, Kylo, Finn, Poe, Artoo, Threepio...every… 
Tried to get over to the Covering Star Wars Panel at #StarWarsCelebration but got tied up with interviews. Anybody… 
Drink containers get custom designs for #StarWars: Galaxy’s Edge at 
Are these the right moves to be coming from 
I’m still sad our cinema behind Star Wars panel with wasn’t chosen this yea… 
I fully endorse this! I want to go to Disneyworld so badly! I've gone to Disneyland plenty of times bu… 
I just started #Solo and they're talking about thefts of hyperfuel and "Hyperfuel" is not a thing and God I cannot… 
You see, I just assumed she was talking about the "ruin Johnson hates star wars" kinda "fans" because they are undateable. 
This explains ur irrational and completely unrelevant comment about Man loving Star Wars/Super hero… 
maybe conservatives would understand why people like star wars if in ep 4 luke had said he had bone spurs and then… 
WTPKC Episode 32Tiger wins The MastersStar Wars "The Rise of Skywalker" trailerGame of Thrones Season 8 premier… 
“A window into the lives of [Star Wars: KotOR’s] developers.” 
Undateable? Nah... maybe the ppl your interested in is undateable &amp; not compatible. I need someone i can… 
Wait are you guys saying their is another Star Wars movie? I though the good guys won already 
Hey I like Star Wars. And I’m not a nerd.   
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: Yoshi's IslandZelda: Breath of the Wild (2nd: Minish Cap)Sonic: 3 &amp; KnucklesMet… 
star wars, x-men, harry potter... 
“The Mandalorian” Celebration Panel Reveals What May Be the Most Exciting Star Wars Content of the Year 
Happy birthday, Matt! It was an honor being in the same room as you for the Galaxy's Edge panel. Your… 
I'm a star wars fan do I will say galaxy's edge. 
What's Star Wars? 
They’re busy working on Star Wars, Apex is not their priority  
I’m gonna say it for the people in the back...GIVE THIS MAN A STAR WARS MOVIE!I believe with the way Disney run… 
PS I love you all and I hope you had fun at Celebration! But seriously, we want more lol s… 
lol the loser star wars fan called someone a loser who called star wars fans losers. Or… 
Glad to see you excited about Star Wars again. 
this is what they are doing with star wars#battleinheaven#battleonearth 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars 2014 Advent Calendar 75056 NEW SEALED BOX  FlyingTreasures 
#StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker's Daisy Ridley Can't Get Behind Reylo Romance - 
It was nice seeing you at the Schmoedown events! Wish we could’ve actually meet, but you and… 
Screw those people who are attacking that guy for his reaction to the Star Wars teaser. According to them, people c… 
New post (Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series- Episode I Official Trailer) has been published on Gaming News 24-7… 
Join us this Easter to go on an endless adventure this season. Check out our hot sale on Solo A Star Wars Story Emi… 
So guys can paint their bodies, scream and cry about sports and that's acceptable, but they can't get excited about… 
Only thing more overrated than the Beatles is Star Wars 
I think Star Wars is boring as hell, but that was just weird lmao 
Didn’t make it in the panel or overflow cuz they were all full and the Star Wars show stage had hundreds around it watching!! 
That’s a very strange take from people being excited about the Star Wars movie. 
I agree that people shouldn’t attack those who love something, like fans with Star Wars. But… 
If you were ever a Star Wars fan to begin with, your enjoyment wouldn’t be ruined by one film. 
A few days ago in a venue not too far away, we brought to life this epic #StarWarsCelebration mural, which encapsul… 
STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER Director J.J. Abrams Explains The Title Of The Skywalker Saga's Final Chapter… 
Gonna be a fun show tonight! We have the beer of the week  New Releases   Gaming News, and all the Star Wars reve… 
Mario: Galaxy 2 Zelda: Minish Cap (come at me bro) Sonic: uhh fuck sonic Metroid: never fucked with metroid Res… 
True, I'm way more excited for Fallen Order due to the drought of great Star Wars games. 
Star Wars is taking a break. 
I mean it’s just one of those super popular kinda nerdy things. You like Star Wars and you’re super sm… 
Look at all the grown men and women cheering and applauding for a Star Wars film lol. 
Hey here's  the BTS sizzle reel that aired during SWCC 
"Ad:" Comics: Boxtree Publishing - Classic Star Wars Volume 3 Graphic Novel UK (1995) RARE  
The ‘Star Wars: Rise of Skywalker’ Ending Was Changed During Production - 
Star Wars preferido — the last jedi 
"Ad:" Fantasy: WOW RARE VINTAGE TNMT LOT ~ VEHICLES ~ WEAPONS ~ ACTION FIGURES~ MUG ~  Fl… 
Tea, candy and the new Star Wars book make for a perfect day. 
I mean....I’m a huge Star Wars nerd and all but..... 
Within minutes of my first FB post on the cathedral, one of my rightwing friends was saying France "need… 
Sorry had to when I saw this, I did change the words so it wasn't cursin' but if you ever saw Star Wars and know th… 
Hot take from this brave white knight. Star Wars is apparently a propaganda film? 
Not at all! I enjoy the discussion &amp; exploring possibilities is the best way to figure ou… 
U may actually be blind to the account that there are a lot of females out there with the same opini… 
Man is really excited about the new Star Wars trailer ... 
Doug Chiang: The Evolution of Star Wars Design - Designing Episode I Liv... via 
I love them too. She can date or not date whoever she wants. Who really cares? I go on d… 
Another twist to the Star Wars Episode IX teaser. Ian McDiarmid did not do a new recording for the laugh in the tea… 
‘Star Wars’ Movies to Take Hiatus After Episode IX 
The reaction to the 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' title reveal and Emperor laugh at Star Wars Celebration was… 
Why am I so far beyond excited about this??? Seriously, I got a Lego Star Wars with a scout walker and… 
no of course not. and idk this dude but i did watch the video and this guy seems to just genuinely lov… 
Thank you on behalf of all of us. Star wars doesn't invoke this response in me but LOTR did. 
It was admirable grown man crying to star wars i applaud that respect to him. 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Ocarina of timeSonic: And Knuckles 3Metroid: PrimeResident Evil:  ou 4Pokemon:… 
So this “joyful star wars fan reaction” thing is weird. “Cringe” “ITS NOT CRINGE HE’S HAPPY”I think it’s cringe as… 
This is the epic saga in cinematic history that I am most greatful to grow up with.  Not Star Wars, not Harry Potte… 
A new Lego Star Wars game is in development. 
Star Wars Fans React To Episode 9's The Rise of Skywalker Title 
Star Wars Fans React To Episode 9's The Rise of Skywalker Title Star Wars fans react to … 
Are you calling a Star Wars trailer propaganda? 
The absolute NERVE of this girl. I am not a Star Wars fan, but this video contains UNBRIDLED joy. I'm so hyped over… 
I blame for my vast knowledge of Star Wars. Every time I reference it, I get called a nerd. So thank you for that Kendal.  
funny thing is my bank account and oppurtunites are wayyyyyyy up...how is your view count? you seem… 
Worst take of 2019. This man is a legend and a hero, honest in his emotional connection to something that means m… 
chori The Best of Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 
The one in the video just made my whole day. His reaction was so genuine and it made me feel giddy bc… 
After ‘Rise of Skywalker,’ It’s Up to Disney+ to Carry the ‘Star Wars’ Banner 
Wow, I don’t really know the context very well but you’re attack was harsh. First, attacking someone’s… 
Rian Johnson and 'Game of Thrones' Writers Working Together on the Next Decade of Star Wars Films… 
Marvel, Star Wars and all the Disney classic films and shows? I don't know about you but I am 100000000% getting Di… 
I love Star Wars. I’m a female and I got goosebumps watching this trailer. OH!  And guess what...… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Animated Stormtrooper 8.5-Inch Maquette Statue  FlyingTreasures 
Which is why I've now said 3 times that your position has as just much authority &amp; standin… 
Star Wars books I still need to read this year:- Master &amp; Apprentice- Queen's Shadow- Lando's Luck- Solo JR Nov… 
Is it definitely safe?? I LOVE  YOU “Star Wars”!! 
HI. I am 38 been laid off here in Kansas. May I have a job in the Star wars films/etc?  or something? 
Star Wars: Force for Change Teams up with FIRST via #StarWarsFFCSweepstakes 
I suppose it's an iconic part of a lot of people's childhood.  I was well into my… 
Check out what I’m selling on Mercari! Star Wars Christmas Stocking Yoda 
Top Audiobook:Path of Destruction: Star Wars Legends (Darth Bane): A Novel of the Old Republic (Unabridged) - Drew… 
Top Audiobook:Star Wars: Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader (Abridged) - James Luceno" 
This man loves Star Wars...let him be. 
All the people burning this idiot is really making my morning. I wish I was even half as passionate about anything… 
As a conservative and a Marvel/Star Wars fan, ouch. That hurt. He wasn’t undateable, he showed emoti… 
First of all, cargo shorts are amazing. They have like 50 pockets  and they’re comfortable. Secondl… 
I can’t trust y’all on twitter, so I am only occasionally going to use twitter until:-GoT is over-I see Avengers:… 
I was the same! Crying and crying here at work. My colleagues already know about my insane passion… 
I may need walt's advice...some vintage VHS of the original star wars trilogy has come into my pos… 
First of all I watch a lot of amazing movies from even before you’re time and appreciate them… 
Yet here you are bashing people cause they enjoy Star Wars and superhero movies 
MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU! Join us on Saturday, May 4 for STAR WARS NIGHT as the Barnstormers battle at… 
How Palpatine, Darth Maul and Vader Dominated Star Wars Celebration 
Star Wars itself is garbage isn’t need to watch it to know. I fell asleep every time I watched them 
I will admit to not being a huge fan of the new Star Wars movies, so my trailer reaction was pretty l… 
No kidding.  I dont mind paying $10 for a 3.75" scale Star Wars vehicle.  The new Tie fighter at w… 
Some #StarWarsJediFallenOrder fans unhappy with its protagonist being a 'generic white guy' -… 
I love the Star Wars franchise, even the ones everyone hates, and the Godfather f… 
Mayne u don’t know what he went thru as a child. Maybe Star Wars gave him a sense of happiness growing up and he’s… 
It's #Tuesday and there are still people who haven't heard this weeks episode of #TheDarkWebPodcast where #THERAT t… 
Ashley, no need to worry yourself. The dudes who wear cargo shorts, are into Star Wars and Marvel do… 
She got it from her parents because of the new Spyro game. Between the new Spyro and Crash, the Spider… 
It's been forever since I saw Lego Star Wars... I miss that game. 
And now just like that, just like why I did not go to see Captian Marvel, I will now not be seeing the last Star Wa… 
dude, your reaction to the new Star Wars trailer was great. The Resident Evil 2 reveal last year and… 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: :(Sonic: Adventure 2Metroid: that one for NESResident Evil: 2Pokemon: CrystalG… 
True Story! This happened in the Star Wars Celebration 2019. You can see the video on youtube Episode IX Panel at… 
I dont usually get emotional over movies, but this guy literally just showed his love for… 
MAGAthot mocks pale, pudgy manbaby crying at Star Wars Teaser. Hits capeshit and cargo shorts in the crossfire. Gam… 
Top 5 Star Wars characters since Palp is coming back1) Emperor palpatine 2) Jabba the Hutt3)Grand Vizier Mas Am… 
I couldn't say If I'd ever read that, I would have discarded it immediately as hu… 
Oh. I saw 'Star Wars" in your reply and that was all I needed to know &amp; would explain… 
One day I would like to attend a Star Wars or Star Trek convention. Just to meet non-stereotypical fans.  I think… 
A New Hope, the movie that launched Star Wars? Are you asking me if that movie was dog shite? 
Mario: 64Zelda: Breath of the Wild Sonic: Adventure 2Metroid: never played Resident Evil: 2Pokemon: Alpha Sapp… 
Star Wars or Star Trek?  Yes, I'm that big of a nerd 
The best Star Wars films didn't include children or too many muppets. 
lol this video makes you concerned for all of society instead of just laughing at a… 
PC gamer attacking Jedi Fallen order for not being woke enough 3 days after it was announced 
Star Wars Land 
No silly, the article is right! Personally TLJ is my favorite Star Wars but beyond that it's just stu… 
I love reading your Star Wars tweets. You renew my faith in this fandom. 
Can we please stop retweeting the woman who's shaming the fuck outta the guy who is fanboying as hard as his heart… 
the “lmao”s are because I’m wondering why someone who doesn’t even like Star Wars is arguing why a plot li… 
Uh, The best part about Jason was his obsession with Marvel, Star Wars, Star Trek And Stargate. He opened my eyes t… 
$EA:EA Is Making 2 Brilliant Moves With “Star Wars Jedi: Fallen 
Ian McDiarmid Takes The Stage At SWCC 2019 | The Star Wars Show Live! — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica… 
By the way don’t care what anyone says anybody Star Wars rules  cargo shorts  nothing wrong with um  
Why Star Wars Fans Love the Prequels the Most — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica 
I really could not care less if you don’t like Star Wars, I’m saying the entire premise of the argument th… 
Yooo I’ll never forget the time during finals a few years ago a b*y from my school &amp; I were chatting in the graphic… 
I’m not too good to enjoy the mainstream culture when it’s this awesome. If nobody else had ever seen… 
Carrie Fisher’s Final Movie Role — See a Glimpse of Her Emotional Scene in Star Wars: Episode IX 
What is your favorite era or Star Wars movie or show? 
I dont even like Star Wars. I just think Reylo is fucking creepy. 
Lmfao Return of the Jedi ends with Luke smiling at the ghost of his Dad that killed the other ghost, and T… 
The part I dislike the most is how pretentious you have to be to label someone undatable. If you don't… 
Just listened to the latest Let's Talk About Star Wars. I'm with you. I don't think there is anything a… 
I've never seen any of the star wars movies. Ever. 
Look forward to my Star Wars friends finding the buried reference in today's post.  Also look forward to mocking those who do. 
Star Wars - The Skywalker 
A) that's a LIEB) there is timeC) and others are doing a #GreatReyloRewatch of ALL the STAR WARS 
Star Wars Celebration Chicago! What a great show!!! Got to work with the best team ever and help show the Star Wars… 
You don’t deserve death threats for that but you deserve to get made fun of for having nothing bette… 
of hybrids in nature that would allow us to extrapolate what could happen if there were mo… 
Give him a +expletive+ break. No George, no Star Wars at all. 
"Ad:" Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019- Kotobukiya Bronze Darth Vader Statue ARTFX  Fly… 
Here's How Long Palpatine's Star Wars: Episode IX Return Has Been Planned 
The Trailer For 'Star Wars: 'The Rise Of Skywalker' Is HERE! 
Wasn't it the idea that the Sith do not become Force Ghosts? Where did I get that idea? 
Hey just saw your response to that star wars tweet. Completely nailed it. Thanks for putting that ou… 
Also Vader literally committed mass murder, if you’re not okay with the redemption of people that have don… 
Dude.Reagan QUITE LITERALLY had a program named after Star Wars!!! What a maroon 
commander–meiloorun: Thank you all for sharing your memories of Star Wars Rebels. It was a wonderful show... 
And yet neither is crying over Star Wars. What’s your point? 
 aeviann: Posting some art from last year that I never managed to show- Ahsoka Tano from Star Wars... 
J.J. Abrams has literally called it that, as have several other prominent Star Wars writers. 
Gotta love that after 5 solid days of Star-Warsing all I wanna do is watch Star Wars, read Star Wars and talk about Star Wars. 
This is why Star Wars is so controversial. 
I don't see why that should be far-fetched at all. Interbreeding is extremely common in bi… 
The video of that man crying and getting excited about the Star Wars trailer is wonderful. I love when people share… 
"Nobody asked for this movie" I'm sure someone somewhere wanted a movie about Han Solo. Why wouldn't they? That's p… 
Was I explaining why Sleep Apnea screening is so important? Or was I explaining why Star Wars is the best movie eve… 
Why is there so much hatred for Solo? "That Star Wars movie nobody asked for that spelled out a backstory nobody ne… 
The playlist at my work is deeply horny sometimes. Loving Every Minute of it, Afternoon Delight, the Star Wars them… 
My observations on the new Star Wars trailer:1. It looks incredible2. Anything will be better than the Last Jed… 
Rey is literally the catalyst for his redemption because she’s the only person that has actually convinced… 
#StarWarsMasterApprentice there's a shitload of star wars gobbeldygook in this though. I've seen like 20 species na… 
I’m pretty sure I saw Spaceballs before I watched any of the Star Wars movies. (I saw them for the… 
This just in: Ashley thinks her second Savior, Ronald Reagan, must actually be “undateable,” and “worse than men wh… 
IT IS PODCAST DAY!! We talk Star Wars trailers, Disney +, and a whole lot more! Give it a listen: 
You'd think with how huge and diverse the Star Wars mythos is we'd get games with more interesting protagonists but… 
#MoonInVirgo DO: Check up on unfinished projects, Clean Up DON’T: Mess up your living space. Change how you do th… 
And they were good Tweets. I'm a huge Marvel fan actually but this Star Wars guy represents well the… 
Some ANTI-SJWs are just as bad as SJWs. Just cuz a game features a female, a gay character, or whatever, that doesn… 
Frank Oz Will Reprise Role As Yoda For Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge 
Why hasn't anyone set Johnny Cash's Hurt as the music in new Star Wars trailer.  That song works in every trail I d… 
i wanted Star Wars Jedi Academy, I miss doing duels and making sith/jedi characters, the old game has aged to much. 
The Mandalorian, short clip from upcoming new Star Wars TV series, this actually looks good. 
Oh, maybe that's it. It's hard to remember a week ago with all the overloaded joy and e… 
Her Twitter banner is a Ronald Reagan quote, and if I do recall, he was quite the Star Wars fan and n… 
Star Wars has been turned PC, and anti-Men. So sad they have to make a great series into a political football. 
I'm still not sure if the title "The Last Jedi" is genius or terrible. Also, I will… 
I support your right to 1A, but I also love Star Wars and Marvel, I wear cargo shorts because I carr… 
This lady can shove it, liking something like this is completely normal and that guy should be allowed… 
Right! I got just as excited and emotional as that guy, and pretty much the same again watching it alongside. Star… 
The new star wars game will probab3have single player 
Star Wars Celebration returns to Anaheim in 2020 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Sonic 1Metroid: undefinedResident Evil: 3Pokemon: Soul… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Rare Star Wars Collectors Case Action Figure Insert Card Vintage from 1979 
Next Star Wars Celebration Announced For 2020 In Anaheim 
Next Star Wars Celebration Announced For 2020 In Anaheim While 2019 is poised to be a ba… 
I’m happy is doing the new Star Wars game maybe they can fix the train wreck that was battlefront 1 and 2. I hope so! 
Fight against? We want everyone to be tolerant of our beliefs and what we like but then laugh at a man for crying!?… 
Star Wars: Master &amp; Apprentice brings us on a fascinating Jedi journey     - CNET - 
The hype on Avengers end game is childish. I am still with my opinion that your hype made it a star wars movie. Sto… 
He shouldn’t have been given an opportunity to be apart of Star Wars anyway. 
Iconic Images Recreated With Star Wars Figures #comedy #giggle #smile #cute 
wow a grown man had a genuine emotional reaction to something they’ve loved and has been apart of their lives since… 
I love the Star Wars underworld. I love scoundrels. 
Cried at the Carrie hug. Guess I’m not a Star Wars fan, though...not a rea… 
Explore Seville’s most impressive cathedral, Plaza de Espana built in 1928. It’s been featured as a backdrop for se… 
Respawn's 'Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order' arrives November 15th 
"Again?" Was there a time when podracing wasn't the raddest shit ever 
The new Star Wars The Black Series 6-Inch Action Figure Wave 20 Set is finally here! Get yours now at… 
Empire Strikes BackStar WarsReturn of JediRogue OneRebelsThe Last JediRevenge of the SithPhantom MenaceClon… 
Something like we do you will get emotional. The Star Wars community is here for you my brother so dont ever let so… 
This is the cutest thing I have ever seen and I had the same kind of reaction when I saw the Shazam trailer. I grew… 
Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: Wind WakerSonic: 3 &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Super (but Prime 1 is a bit contender)Resident Evil… 
Their motto is "Star Wars is life." They'd rather cry over that than abortion. 
How can you NOT smile with happiness seeing this man’s reaction to the Star Wars trailer?!? He’s passionate, and ab… 
I love you and your Star Wars passion, super hero movie loving, and cargo short wearing self 
LOVIN' Disney - Star Wars Celebration in Chicago looks AWESOME... OH YEAH!!! ... 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars X-Wing Starfighter Set 75218, NEW Factory Sealed (FREE SHIPPING)  Fl… 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars 1 Mini Snowspeeder 8029  FlyingTreasures 
Updateable to you but I love Star Wars and Superhero movies just as passionately. People who love th… 
I am excited for the Star Wars:TFO but at the same time confused. why did you guys cancel project ragtag at all… 
I am excited for the Star Wars:TFO but at the same time confused. why did you guys cancel proje… 
Even at a young age that really annoyed me about Star Wars 
'The Mandalorian': Jon Favreau Teases Disney+ Series at Star Wars Celebration by #themandalorian 
That’s like watching the original Star Wars trilogy, and taking the part about the bl… 
One runs his org mobster style and one is a Star Wars character. 
#studyingstarwars25th May 1977: Star Wars is first released in cinemas via 
Mario: Superstar SagaZelda: Wind WakerSonic: AdventureMetroid: FusionResident Evil: 2Pokemon:… 
That's the guy I want to have as a friend and talk about Star Wars with! 
Video: The Best of Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 via #StarWars #StarWarsCelebaration 
I've been looking forward to this one. Ever since Lost Stars, Claudia Gray has been one of my favorite Star Wars st… 
Thanks to all the staff, volunteers, and crew that put on a successful Star Wars Celebration! Its been an amazing w… 
When I get home this morning from signing up for classes I'll be working on those things we talked about!  We will… 
The guy flying the millennium falcon in the new star wars movie, looks like 
Right I guess I meant more of a Star Wars TTRPG, so perfect. Thank you 
I love his reaction! I myself love Star Wars and got excited when I saw the new Star Wars trailer. I fee… 
Things to Do This Week: ‘Saved by the Bell’ Diner by the Bell” fans, here it is, fi… 
Yo It made my morning to see your range of emotions over the upcoming Star Wars movie which you clea… 
Marvel fans seeing Red Skull on Vormir/ Coulson in AoS/Loki in The Avengers/ probably everyone in Endgame: “Ohhh sh… 
Star Wars is fantasy masquerading as sci-fi, so accepting the fun of the story is key. That said, Ep 8 h… 
Hey #DnD famAnyone know anything about Star Wars DnD? Have stories, tips, advice, etc. I've never run a Star Wars… 
'Star Wars' Movies Might Be Heading To The Old Republic #laugh #humor 
I imagined this beginning wi… 
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix To Win The Streaming Wars via 
Drink Containers Get Custom Designs for Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge at Disneyland 
The public doesnt like it either: "...its $12 million launch is the tenth-lowest opening for any remotely… 
Disney vs Netflix? Let me put it this way: Would you prefer watching Fauda or yet another cheesy, forgettable Star… 
Done! Always happy to spread the love! Especially for a kick ass Star Wars fan! 
VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT published: How Oculus’s ‘Vader Immortal’ Puts You Into the Star Wars Universe  
You haven't seen the new Star wars trilogy, have you 
She’s just mad that nobody obsesses over her like they do Star Wars  
I wish I had as much passion for Star Wars - or anything for this matter - like this guy does. Also how can you h… 
I was 15 when Ep 4 came out.  My 52 year old father took me to see it because he wanted t… 
I really don't understand what she's trying to accomplish here, Next thing… 
The fact that people are still making fun of this guy is really fuckin sad. I'm gonna embrace my ner… 
Apperantly real men must hate Star Wars and never get excited lol. 
FUCK YOU BITCH!!!! I wear cargo shorts, they are awesome. And why don’t u tell that to the face of a… 
Skye Jethani is an extremely terrific writer.He also has a  Star Wars theory  
Started watching this and had to stop. I don’t need to cry before work. Can’t wait for the kids and I to watch it t… 
Well, Star Wars does appeal to a certain demographic. 
Listen, I would date him. He isn’t undateable. He is just passionate about Star Wars. More than others! It’s good t… 
Ray Park Did Darth Maul's Motion Capture for Clone Wars Revival Ray Park does the motion… 
Looking at her account, she is nothing but a hateful troll. Not a thing wrong with Star Wars or cargo shorts. Ignore her. 
I’m pretty sure that my love of Star Wars, Star Trek, Marvel and fantasy are the least of my undateable traits 
‘Star Wars IX’ Trailer Released #sarcasm #joke 
How Oculus’s ‘Vader Immortal’ Puts You Into the Star Wars Universe 
Says the person who bashes people for simply liking things like Star Wars. You have no room to talk 
How Oculus’s ‘Vader Immortal’ Puts You Into the Star Wars Universe “Star Wars Jedi: Falle… 
The *F* family will be visiting Star Wars Galaxy's Edge this fall!Thank you for trusting me with another magical vacation! 
Adios Star Wars  
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker - 
Mario: RPGZelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: 3D BlastMetroid: Samus ReturnsResident Evil: 2Pokemon: Soul Silver G… 
Exactly what said.Dude seems legitimately happy about Star Wars. S… 
So being excited over star wars makes you undateable? GTFO! I cried when Han was frozen in carbonite… 
Here ya go Star Wars 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: 64Zelda: Majora's MaskSonic: 3Metroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2Pokemon:… 
Star Wars The Clone Wars Season 7 Trailer #2! (Star Wars Celebration 2019) StarWars 
Dark side something something ‘Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order’ Departs from EA Philosophy - 
I need friends to send star wars memes to 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: OcarinaSonic: 1Metroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2Pokemon: Soul SilverGTA:… 
eh. another trump loving chick who shit on for getting emotional ov… 
Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes Online Hack !Generate unlimited free crystals !Click &gt;&gt;&gt; 
Disney+ will be available on November 12th for $6.99 a month  vía 
I love this dude and his reaction, especially to Princess Leia, but never want to see a Star Wars mo… 
7. This is actually so hard. But I really love Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back or Spider-Man: Homecoming 
If those movies didn’t have the Star Wars name attached to them they would have seen less revenue than John Carter. 
Some of the nicest people I know love to watch super hero movies and Star Wars. You mocking someone for their passi… 
I’m married.. in my early 50’s and a huge Marvel and Star Wars fan.. my wife and son enjoy it too..… 
Star Wars Galaxy of Heroes Online hack ! Generate unlimited free crystals !Go to the link &gt;&gt;&gt;… 
Watch "Star Wars: Force for Change Teams up with FIRST" on YouTube -  #StarWarsFFCSweepstakes 
I’ll gladly accept this and celebrate Star Wars (including The Last Jedi) than to obsessively whittle out its fault… 
I got cranky and said a thing about how people should try liking the non-fascists in Star Wars ~5 comments deep int… 
Star wars  
one side effect from Celebration is that I have now subscribed to 700 more Star Wars podcasts 
That is unfortunate... #starwars #disney #themandalorian"Throughout the entire course of Star Wars: The Mandalori… 
The Batuu we visit this Summer will fall in the timeline between Episodes 8 and 9. The Batuu we visit in 2020 will… 
Star Wars franchise needs to learn from the MCU boys. Didn’t like the last few movies at all. 
Amy Hennig Talks About Her Canceled Star Wars Project After Reveal Of Jedi: Fallen Order #AmyHennig #EA #StarWars… 
The developers over at respawn have been working on the star wars game for a while. They do h… 
While I’m not personally into Star Wars, seeing this person’s genuine excitement and joy has absolutely made my day… 
Its lillimg me thatbtheyre making us wait till November for disney plus so… 
J.J. Abrams defends "provocative" new Star Wars title 
1 more reason to love Star Wars! Disney/Lucasfilm donates $1.5 million to FIRST via 
Apex legends has only been out for 2 months and they had their servers broken by the 25mil+ p… 
I was legit just thinking last night, "Man it's been a long while since we got a new Lego Star Wars Game." Hope it's good 
...among older fans, but also The Powers That Be. The Star Wars creators frequently thank the older fans for keepin… 
...but we need to rethink the way we frame that. Fan support is in the here and now. Who has been a fan forever is… 
During the dark times, I moved away from Star Wars. I became immersed in Star Trek. That was my focus. Does that me… 
I’m a class of 1977 SW fan. Seen it all. But I think we should move away from the narrative that dedicated older fa… 
SWCC I Star Wars Galaxy's Edge Will Transport Its Guest To A Galaxy Far Far Away #Disney #DisneyParks #StarWars… 
There are only  3 Star Wars and 3 Indiana Jones.  
I'm a total sci-fi geek... And my gorgeous wife of 14 years (and 3 kids to… 
Coca-Cola, Disney to offer specialty droid-like drink bottles at Star Wars: Galaxy Edge theme park #FoxNews 
"Obsession." I get the feeling you're confusing it with "passion", and there's nothing wrong with th… 
Shame poor man enjoying something he cares about a lot obviously and you want to be like that?! I lo… 
I feel strongly about star wars just s much as you, I have a dee passion for this beautiful franchise… 
#twittertuesday With Palpatine being confirmed for the new Star Wars movie, how do you th… 
This is basically how excited/passionate I get about fiction if it's something new an… 
I don’t think any of the Star Wars and super hero fans will be losing any sleep that they can’t date trolls like you. 
It’s Star Wars for me but running in second place is Back to the Future. Oh, and the new Star Trek m… 
I think I speak for all #StarWars fans when I say I've been patiently waiting for the Holdo - Maz Kanata team-up wr… 
Trump twitter and Star Wars twitter going each other is a reminder of how gloriously strange this website is 
I predict a possible problem with the end of the Star Wars series will be a misguided tendency… 
Fans Demand ‘The Mandalorian’ Trailer After ‘Star Wars Celebration’ — Watch Sunday Panel Video #TheMandalorian… 
but the whole counter culture of "no, that's what people do" is what sort of makes me "eh" to everything. I could g… 
Can we petition to incorporate that someone dropping spoilers for blockbuster/franchise films (Sta… 
Mario: Super WorldZelda: Awakening - obviouslySonic: 2 (or Adventure 2, as long as it has 2 even… 
Males cry over Star Wars. Men never would. 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Jedi and Clone Troopers Battle Pack 2018 (75206)  FlyingTreasures 
Not that I personally like star wars but my boyfriend is a fanboy for star wars and he gets pretty much this excite… 
This #retro "Star Wars" toy is selling for $365,000 — plus tax 
Lol I love how everyone hates Reylo shippers like I’m no Star Wars fan and idk much about Kylo Ren other than he’s… 
Let’s face it— if you are REALLY into superheroes &amp; Star Wars as a grown adult, you’re a douche. End of story. 
Dan and Stoy talk about #starwars, #falconagevr, #midwestgamingclassic and changing your psn name! Check out our ne… 
Ive grown up with Star Wars they have and will always be my Favorite films. Did i get excited at the… 
 cosplay-galaxy: Rey from Star Wars by Alyson Tabbitha 
Star Wars and comic book fan here.  Never sent anyone a death threat for anything.   
if redlettermedia can talk about star wars non-stop for 11 years so can I!!!! 
if star wars is set "a long time ago, in a galaxy far far away" and the phrase "roger" as a synonym for "message re… 
The tv script writers of Game of Thrones changed a lot of things from the books but that do… 
The problem for Star Wars I think is that it needs to avoid telling the same stories over and over (which… 
well well well, Star Wars sucks eh? Eh?  This is fucking beyond awesome. 
Between the pieces of shit making fun of a Star Wars fan for rightfully losing their shit over the Episode 9 traile… 
I really enjoyed it... It had flaws but everything does...some of the best space battles in all sta… 
catch me playing the new lego star wars game despite never watching star wars 
listen imma go out on a limb and say yeah I’ve noticed men are becoming a bit less manly but Jesus Christ liking St… 
I'll probably have to for the channel. If I didn't cover Star Wars I would skip it. 
Solo: A Star Wars Story (2018) dir. Ron Howard 
We talk about the Star Wars: Episode IX teaser, we promise. 
Agreed. Enjoy your shit. Just cause I don't like star wars anymore doesn't mean this guy can't be… 
Star wars is G Y.  It doesn't matter what  Marvel puts out, ppl will say it's amazing. 
UNITY - 20 YEARS OF UNITY ~ STAR WARS - Theme Party - 4th May 2019 - 
Credit scene star wars ke? 
If Star Wars isn't 
The new Star Wars game is being made by a really passionate successful development company and they've announced it… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars The Black Series Figure Lot(loose) Rare Figures  FlyingTreasures 
Wait I'm confused isn't childish Gambino a famous rapper and also plays in star wars. 
Star wars: The Rise of Skywalker 
yall been spending so much time making star wars that apex is beginning to be garbage n not fun to play anymore lmfao 
Free copies of Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic (KOTOR) now being sent to Mixer viewers… 
Star Wars 9 Finally Addresses The Original Trilogy's Dumbest Moment 
Star Wars 9 Finally Addresses The Original Trilogy's Dumbest Moment Fans now know that S… 
Let’s be real..if he was reacting to Beyoncé or something like that instead of Star Wars, y’all would be like “omg… 
Kathleen Kennedy, JJ Abrams discuss Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’s title, that big trailer surprise… 
I'm sure the guy is a huge fan of Star Wars, most people are, but he's literally just over reacting i… 
Personalised Star Wars themed balloons for a Get well wish out of this galaxy. #sparklesurprize… 
I'm not a Star Wars fan and I do wear cargo shorts, it's clothing, grow up. Let him be, he ain't hurting anyone. Th… 
 on WHY THE MANDALORIAN IS IMPORTANT FOR STAR WARS - Double Toasted 
As someone who dates a man who wears cargo shorts, and as a woman who has been this genuinely excite… 
The most important were Sailor Moon and Star Wars. 
No lmao, you’re the loser. You’re judging people over their own interests and passions. You call peo… 
#JJAbrams Met with #GeorgeLucas Before Making #TheRiseofSkywalker #StarWars #Finn 
Also if you believe that Disney isnt pushing their SJW agenda through their movies, se… 
Back and side box art of Star Wars The Black Series AT-ST &amp; 3.75" Imperial AT-ST Driver.  $9.99 a piece. #starwars… 
2019 *MAY* be the best year ever for Star Wars.....A lot coming out. 
My favorite score from Ross to date.  Star Wars The Black Series AT-ST &amp; 3.75" Imperial AT-ST Driver.  $9.99 a piec… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order — Official Reveal Trailer 
I have been k ow to have weird and vivid dreams. Most recently I had a dream where I was supposed to g… 
With all the attention Star Wars is getting, when is Star Trek(specifically TNG) gonna get some love with a full ga… 
I’ll wear cargo shorts &amp; fuk ur man while we watch Star Wars together u cold hearted asshole. I bet you only date w… 
when Lucasfilm takes hiatus from Star Wars do you think it be the time that Indiana Jones will com… 
I'm no Star Wars fan but it seems like this guy is legitimately passionate about it… 
For every male that you say is “undateable”, is an equal number women who are fans, at least they ca… 
The Star wars movie we deserve  
You’re a light of faith and positivity to Star Wars Fans. Maybe someday we could have the honor of talking with you on our show. 
Hey if you ever wanna talk Star Wars or any of that geeky/nerdy shit I’m here man. You’re a true fan… 
Only betas worry about other people’s preferences. Cargo shorts. Star Wars. Who cares?… 
My brother just woke me up 2 am w pina coladas and Star Wars  
Queen Amidala Natalie Portman Naboo Star Wars Episode 4 The Phantom Menace 
A Star Wars Beginner Takes On Celebration 2019: Half 2 
"Coca-Cola, Disney to offer specialty droid-like drink bottles at Star Wars: Galaxy Edge theme park"… 
New Lego Star Wars Game Accidentally Mentioned via /r/Games 
Star Wars: The Phantom Menace -- The Queen Decides To Return To Naboo ᴴᴰ 
KEIRA KNIGHTLEY in Star Wars Episode I (HD Movie Scenes) 
Mario: 64Zelda: A Link to the PastSonic: SpinballMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: Director's CutPokemon: S… 
Me to after he makes the outrageous claim that star trek is better than star wars #StarWars 
"Another Star Wars Celebration in the books. " #ncisnola 
"Somewhere in space, this may all be happening right now..." 
Here’s how the other Star Wars films have used teasers to whet geeky appetites over the years: 
Watch the new trailer for Star Wars: The Clone Wars 
Just in time for their break from Star Wars films! 
The original Star Wars had strong female characters already there is no need for them… 
ABCNEWS reports "We could not tell the story without her.""Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker" director J.J. Abrams… 
George Lucas’ favourite Star Wars character is Jar Jar Binks 
For kids btw...To show how stupid men are Also just google it to see all the SJW bullshit Di… 
Star Wars: The Old Republic Get's It's First Expansion In Three 
Star wars is life 
New Lego Star Wars Game Accidentally Mentioned 
I feel really bad because it's mostly Star Wars fans that get this. Literally anything… 
This guy gets emotional over Star Wars and super hero movies, I get emotional over sports, and you h… 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Link's Awakening Sonic: echMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: echPokemon: Sun… 
Why don't you wait to watch the movie before you make assumptions? Or just continue being a pess… 
I can't really get what interesting or intertaining about star wars 
The new Star Wars pretty much sucks... 
Just realised  - by NOT watching Game Of Thrones that I've become one of those obnoxious people who go around sayin… 
I'm a former Marine, who enjoys cargo shorts, star wars, MCU, DnD, Harry Potter and so on. Take that… 
Probably still Star Wars even though most of the recent entries have been meh 
I get it all the time for liking the new star wars games and kh and such. It's stupid 
STAR Wars: Rise of Skywalker - REACTION TO REACTION vía 
I'm not a huge fan of Star Wars but KOTOR2 was the shit. Though I would say 1 had better story, 2 had b… 
Star Wars: Hate isn’t the answer. It’s not a good thing. It does nothing good, only hurts you and everyone else aro… 
Mabey I should start crying over star wars, then I dont have to find 10000 excuses why I dont like dating and relationships. 
You only wish a man loved you the way that loves Star Wars. That's all this is. Pure jealousy. 
The worst period of my life was when I was depressed/emotionless. The best moments of my life have been defined by… 
 on Star Wars: The Clone Wars Sneak Peak BREAKDOWN/DISCUSSION!! 
Where do you rank Emperor Strikes Back? I’ve got a weird relationship with Phantom Menace (where I know… 
Coca-Cola reveals sci-fi soda for ‘Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge’: 
I’d assume this will be a game covering the stories of the entire sequel trilogy, and maybe also inc… 
It’s my favorite Star Wars movie by 12 parsecs. 
If anyone wants to follow the crying Star Wars fan his is I'd rather listen to this dude's than some snob. Good luck bro 
idk I'd take a geeky guy who gets hyped about Star Wars over a woman who judges others for enjoying… 
Can Rich Evans make tears for his next trailer reaction to Star Wars Episode 9? Who knows? Check it out! 
New Lego Star Wars?:D 
But Star Wars isn’t a terrible movie lol. 
If I was a casual fan, or not even a fan, I think I could have liked it. I felt personally offended as… 
Check out some official star Wars BattleFront 2 gameplay by the latest and newest entertainment platform OneThrone… 
Zelda: WindwakerResident Evil: 6GTA: 4Star Wars: Lego Star Wars :)Final Fantasy: XIII 
A #3d #graphicdesigner I admire greatly.  Ansel Hsiao.  His Star Wars models are so amazing, that Disney has actual… 
A First Look! The First 'Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker' Trailer #Movies… 
I had a college summer job at Toys R Us in '92 &amp; the 1st thing the freshly-hired did was watching a… 
April's Nerd Nite Denver  'Star Wars,' life on Mars, and Antarctica summer.Can't #Denver 
NAME her after Star Wars. Please don’t tell me when you made her I don’t need that info lol 
Did you make her after Star Wars? She’s so tiny  
Star wars: Rise of the audacity of this bitch 
Star Wars is for Kings 
Disney even did it with that short cartoon version of the original Star Wars. They mad… 
Star Wars Celebration Chicago 2019 Live Stream - Day 4 | The Star Wars S... via 
They are pushing for strong female characters and thats fine. The original Star Wars h… 
Director of Cancelled Star Wars Single-Player Game Reacts to Jedi: Falle... via 
Star Wars Celebration Chicago Closing Ceremony FULL - Star Wars Celebrat... via 
Kylo Ren + Rey vs. Praetorian Guard is the best fight in any Star Wars movie ever. #TLJ you made my favorite movie ever 
I felt left out as I have watched a couple of episodes of GOT...I've never watched and episode of:LORD OF THE RI… 
This new Star Wars is pushing that agenda.I noticed it in the 1st movie already. 
Star Wars movies suck!  From Jar Jar Binks to a third Death Star - were there seriously no talented writer… 
She is a hateful, ugly person.  She bashed some kid whose “crime” was getting happy ab… 
Agreed except...Metroid: SuperPokemon: SilverGTA: San Andreas or VStar Wars: n/aMetal Gear: Sn… 
Ian McDiarmid Takes The Stage At SWCC 2019 | The Star Wars Show Live! via 
Western Star Wars...???Yes please! 
I’m not going to pretend for one second that I care about Star Wars, because I do not, but there’s… 
SWCC 2019: Marvel’s Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge #1 Art and More Revealed #Star Wars 
#StarWarsResistance is probs the most diverse property in Star Wars and I don’t if anyone else realizes this. 
Wtf dude. People like this chick really just seek to tear others down. Star Wars is fucking awesome don’t hate lol 
And I am just as happy as this guy about star wars 
A lot of these so called reaction videos are rehearsed so i wouldnt be surprised if it… 
HuMaN dEcEnY iS gOnE  as she bullies a kid who showed emotion in a YouTube video over a Star Wars trailer.  Fuck… 
Honestly not even a Marvel or Star Wars fan, but seeing you be so hateful/condescending over someone… 
You have no place in the Marvel/Star Wars community with that kind of toxic attitude. 
Star Wars is cool.  Subbed 
Star Wars Celebration Recap - Kathleen Kennedy Needs To Go via 
I would date him I’m not gay but I love Star Wars so just feel like… 
Star Wars and super hero movie obsession culture has revealed a whole new population of undateable women. Might be… 
Emotional about a Star Wars trailer? Talk about having a meaningless life. 
I'm not sure if this is real or a post sure to get lots of attention. That's like saying you've never… 
Whenever I find weird Star Wars content, I feel compelled to harass with it  
And like Star Wars. 
SWCC 2019: 9 Highlights from the ILM Model Shop Panel #Star Wars 
we pitched a story tonight and I wanted so badly for you to be there to take it. We’re allowing for… 
Watching the Star Wars Episode I 20th Anniversary panel at #StarWarsCelebration. Episode One being the best of the… 
I feel like showing up to a star wars convention in an RLM cosplay is like showing up… 
Dude some things affect others differently. Maybe he loves Star Wars because it allows him to express his self? Ian… 
Star Wars Phantom Menace 20th Anniversary Celebration Panel - Star Wars ... via 
I wish I could feel good about Star Wars again. 
Damn, I really need to get it together &amp; finally watch Star Wars. My sister's judging judging me. 
She didn't understand a man's intense excitement for a Star Wars trailer so she procee… 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: OdysseyZelda: Links AwakeningSonic: 2Metroid: SuperResident Evil: 4Pokemon: P… 
We should, as a culture, abandon STAR WARS altogether. It had its time. 
Angry Star Wars fans are the worst. Seriously. 
"Ad:" NEW FACTORY SEALED Lego 75233 Star Wars Droid Gunship Yoda US SELLER  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" LEGO 4482 Star Wars AT-TE Episode 2 (2003) - Complete* with Manual  FlyingTreasures 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars Lot 75258 Anakins Podracer 75261 Clone Scout Walker 20th Ann New  Fly… 
you seriously can’t see the JOY and LOVE in this person’s face?? Star Wars and Super Heroes SAVE LIVES and are deep… 
Imagine if Kevin Feige and the Russo Brothers made a Star Wars movie 
Star Wars and super hero movie obsession culture has revealed a whole new population of  insufferabl… 
“ ...there are rumors that the Game of Thrones showrunners may be working on films that will take place in The Old… 
It's part of how I visualize the end of Star Wars is by using the visual and audio cues that all 8… 
Mario: Super Mario OdysseyZelda: Windwaker Sonic: Sonic The Hedgehog 2 Metroid: Samus Returns Resident Evil: Re… 
You can hope all you want but it’s not gonna happen. That’s literally the point of them creating Star Wa… 
MEN WHO LIKE STAR WARS AND SUPERHERO MOVIES ARE THE ONLY ONES WORTHY OF LOVE. FUCK YOU. 
Basically to quote Yoda: "Skywalker, still looking to the horizon. Never here, now, hmm? The need in front of your… 
Zverez looks like whiny annakin form Star Wars haha 
I just find it hypocritical to call for compassion while belittling a person… 
Been thinking about this after a YouTube video of a guy getting emotional at the Star Wars tra… 
Im not a Star Wars fan by any means but your attacks are unwarranted and completely OUT OF LINE. But, why the hell… 
The positivity. Everyone was so happy and truly celebrating all parts of Star Wars 
i am truly back on my star wars bullshit this is the real me........ah shit, here we go again 
I completed the game LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars #TrueAchievements 
Watching the Star Wars Show livestream and well, whadya know?! 
Only BETA nerds love Star Wars. REAL MEN only take joy in separating colored families and paying ludicrous sums i… 
Kingdom hearts is a series with an incredible amount of potential and it was Star Wars prequels tier squandered imo. 
On my mind: star warsActually saying it: estar güars 
I'm sorry that you had to deal with that, and I'll never judge anyone for what they're passionate about.… 
Me, at a brewery back home “it’s weird how everyone’s not wearing a Star Wars costume.” 
All the accounts I’ve followed that go into Reylo in depth don’t see Rey as a reward (m… 
Hey, yeah so all bullshit and politics aside, looking at it through an impartial lense, i enjoy the new Star Wars m… 
It's kind of amazing that right-wingers are now going for the "Star Wars is for cucks" like they didn't spend the p… 
Mario: New Super Mario Bros.Zelda: A Link To The PastSonic: ManiaMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 4Pokemon… 
The Fifth Element is better than the entire Star Wars saga. 
Yoda Stories IS the best star wars game though 
Anyone who criticizes the comedy or politics of episode 8 as “unlike Star Wars,” doesn’t remember—or has never seen… 
Star Wars Actor Throws Shade at Admiral Ackbar’s Death in The Last Jedi via 
Star Wars: The Clone Wars Official Trailer via 
tira star wars kkkkkkk mt chato 
THE GALAXY AWAITS ! #StarWars #comics 
I’m going back in a month :-P just wanted to be prepared in case for some reason we need tickets fo… 
thank you for uploading your reaction &amp; allowing us to see your passion &amp; love for these movies. I c… 
Good. The dude didn't create Jar Jar Binks or write the character. He did his job and did it well. He's nice and… 
New Video Clip from &amp;quot;Star Wars: The Clone Wars&amp;quot; Ep &amp;quot;Weapons Factory&amp;quot; - Anime Superhero 
I know you are hesitant with EA Star Wars games (I still am too) but I was at Celebration and specifi… 
Star Wars Episode VIII 2018 Wall Calendar - 
I love seeing sci-fi fans protest as if they didn’t all primarily love trash star wars novels and bullshit technolo… 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: WorldZelda: Twilight Princess Sonic: 2Metroid: FusionResident Evil: 4Pokemon:… 
There will be three unique Star Wars The Black Series sets exclusive to Galaxy’s Edge. It’s unknown if they will be… 
Oh, it's a big pile of awesome-ass sets and weird-ass characters. There's absolutely nothi… 
IMO, none of the post-Disney bo… 
Because apparently you saw those atrocious Star Wars movies so still understand.  
#studyingstarwarsHow George Lucas Helped J.J. Abrams With the Script for ‘Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’… 
Rey embraces her destiny in “Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker” 
I'm definitely a marvel fan, and I enjoy star wars, but most of them have been terrible! But I can a… 
Only good thing about Star Wars is lightsabers.. IDGAF about the resistance and empire bs 
If you were part of the Star Wars Universe, which side would you be on? #StarWarsCelebration #StarWars 
"Ad:" STAR WARS CraneKing Statue Vader Yoda Figure Bandai Banpresto Gentle Giant Sides  Fl… 
I like Star Wars as much as the next guy.  I watched the new trailer and said “cool”… 
Star Wars: The Clone Wars Preview - &amp;quot;Weapons Factory&amp;quot; - 
The only thing that SUCKS about the new Star Wars trailer is that now I have to listen to 8 months worth of horribl… 
Star Wars is overrated. Rogue One is the best one, that's saying something 
Get this guy an invite to Star Wars HQ or then next movie set and film that reaction! 
honestly i couldn't give a frick about star wars but i'm just happy that he's happy why would anyone hurt him like that 
She shouldnt have been so obsurdly mean to this person for overeacting to a star wars… 
Good hanging out with some serious Star Wars nerds tonight! you guys are awesome! #Twitch #EmpireGaming 
Everybody needs to shut up and enjoy the movies.  Or don't enjoy them, don't watch them,  but definitely shut up.… 
I was upset about Han but Harrison Ford didn’t wanna come back, so I understand why they made th… 
Amy Hennig reacts to Jedi: Fallen Order announce, reveals more of her cancelled single-player Star Wars game •… 
Me trying to flirt with guys at bars over the loud music:“DO YOU LIKE STAR WARS?” 
Star wars is absolute dog shit and the only people who watch it are the one’s who’ve seen it as kids and now have e… 
DuckTales is just a more successful version of the endless scenes about Chewbacca's family from the star wars holiday special. 
Does anybody know if the Star Wars Mural will have prints that will be available to purchase? That thing is so sick… 
I did my research too. I got into secular sources &amp; tried some new age metaphysical stuff, chasing af… 
Men: women are allowed to like whatever they want. Sports. Star Wars. Etc. we’re not required to take a test to lik… 
Men who cry over Star Wars are not men. 
All the updates for Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker 
I love watching positive reactions. I hope this bloke isn’t coping flak over this. He’s… 
No multiplayer and no microtransactions just solely a single player story. Better be good or I’m forever… 
Mario: Paper MarioZelda: Wind WakerSonic: &amp; Knuckles Metroid: CastlevaniaResident Evil: 2 RemakePokemon: Heart… 
I'd have to disagree with you there. Clone Wars is the best part of the prequel stories. It's a show t… 
Ratchet &amp; Clank Future: A Crack in Time (Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Style) 
Solo: a Star Wars movie 
They can create many more modern day Hollywood revolutions like star wars or the mother ship etc 
All this incredibly atrocious, undateable woman did was make me watch quite possibly my favorite reaction video eve… 
That's not fair as liberals are secretly putting estrogen in our food supply so men stop calling rom… 
Wait, so LEGO has made a game for every single Star Wars movie, and there’s a new movie coming out this year, and p… 
How about a Celebration in Australia? The other side of the world needs some Star Wars goodness as well. 
Rogue One is the best Star Wars movie 
Star Wars is dead to me #RIPStarWars 1977-1983 
Hi Mark! I highly doubt you’ll respond or even like this but I just wanted to give you a appreciatio… 
The dude is happy about Star Wars.  People are so trash that OTHER people being happy is bad. Ole bah hum bug head… 
This new thing that hasn’t been around since the 70s where “nerd culture” like star wars and DnD originated. 
Wear your reaction like badge of honor, I've loved star wars since I was a kid and have seen every move a dozen tim… 
To be fair I cry over the Patriots and star wars. 
Mario: Paper MarioZelda: Zelda NESSonic: Sonic Adventure 2Metroid: Zero MissionResident Evil: Resident Evil 1P… 
This retro "Star Wars" toy is selling for $365,000 — plus tax 
Same. I took my now 20 year old son to his first SW movie as an infant in 99. People wer… 
bro I wish I got as emotional as you did for the trailer, it's such an epic time to be alive and I'm… 
I really hope the possible new LEGO Star Wars game is all 9 movies plus Rogue One and Solo. It would be even better… 
How Star Wars’ Creature Team Ended Up With Chewbacca’s New Movie Look 
you just don’t understand the true meaning of star wars 
We are live on Dlive recording our latest episode of RDP! Join in as we discuss The Star Wars Celebration! #dlive… 
Now that Disney is spending money on Star Wars, they should really make a Shadows of the Empire movie. And remaster… 
does TFA Feel More Like a star wars movie compared to TLJ? sure, but it’s only because it’s the script to a new hop… 
What did we do upon seeing the Star Wars new trailer? Why we did what every other Star Wars geek would do and over-… 
Just letting you guys know I plan on crying like a fucking baby at both Endgame and Star Wars this year 
plus in 5 days people are gonna start meming it or something. I've already seen like 5 star wars memes of it. 
$KO $DIS- positionsCoke to sell droid-like bottles at new Star Wars theme parks via 
Weapons Factory Alpha - Star Wars Wiki Guide - 
hi folks this account is active again!! i’m mostly gonna yell about miraculous, marvel, star wars, kpop, and lots of other things uwu 
his genuine joy and excitement actually made me tear up and i’m not even a huge star wars fan, i thought this was sweet 
we get it you don't like star wars or seeing other people be passionate about things they like 
For all you Star Wars fans that didn't make it to the celebration, check this 
How do you tell guests to “NOT USE THE STAR WARS COLLECTOR GLASSES” without sounding like a nerd? 
Star Wars apologists. 
Sitting outside the auditorium where my 13yo has Select Band practice, I hear every piece they’re working on. So no… 
Had fun at Star Wars Celebration but we heckin tired and ready to go home 
My journey has begun...I watched William Wyler’s BEN-HUR for the very first time tonight, and it is nothing short… 
My two top death threats:1. When I questioned handshakes with women.2. When I compared the Asian actresses in B… 
OMG if a developer can do it it is with Star Wars Ep. 9 &amp; The Fallen Order Discussion 
The entire Star Wars series of movies are children’s movies. 
Mario: bowsers inside storyZelda: skyward swordSonic: n/aMetroid: n/aResident Evil: n/aPokemon: emeraldGTA: 5… 
 on Star Wars Episode IX Trailer REACTION!!! (Star Wars Show Live Stage) - Star Wars Celebration 2019! 
A new LEGO Star Wars game might have been accidentally announced  
NSMB 2Zelda 2Shadow the Hedgehog (Never played 06)Federation Force?Never played Resident Evil… 
So after watching Solo a Star Wars Story on Netflix I am now interested in watching all the movies. 
Aw yeah. We all need more Emperor in our Star Wars. 
Join me in my journey to Star Wars: Episode IX - #TheRiseofSkywalker! The following films are grouped together in a… 
I love Marvel and the original Star Wars movies and am a nerd for both. But now that Disney own$ the… 
Please help find out who he is. I fear he may be in danger from the Negativity. Not… 
Movie Talk: Rian Johnson Working with ‘Game of Thrones’ Showrunners on Future ‘Star Wars’ Movies -… 
I have never received more death threats than when I’ve made these two tweets:1) My video against Captain Marvel… 
I had a wonderful time debuting my Steel Phasma.  I would love to see any photos people took of me at Star Wars Cel… 
I would really urge this Amazing Star wars fan family and friends support him through this. The imp… 
I agree, Star Wars is dead.... lol A picture is worth 1,000 words ! 
jake in 2017: fuck the last jedi and the sequels, im over star warsjake in 2019: 
Game of thrones SUCKSStar wars is The Best! 
Ask a Star Wars fan, because they'll fucking tell you. 
Almost as good as his Darth Vader cake for… 
Why people keep lashing out over nothing. I flippin love Star Wars and put aside all negativity I feel towards and… 
The bottles will appear orb-like and will have “resealable caps and brand names printed on scuffed, rusted labels i… 
You know what fortuitous timing to have people complain about people caring about Notre Dame at the same time some… 
*ignores the videos of FAMILIES reacting to Star Wars* 
Star Wars sequels were worth it for Rouge One alone. 
I thought it was pretty self-centered of her to claim that Star Wars and superhero movies "revealed" th… 
Star Wars Darth Vader Mask Men's Loungewear Pajama Lounge Pants #loungewear #pants #sleeppants #giftidea… 
I’ve enjoyed going to the theatre to see all of the recent Star Wars movies. 
We've had 3 spots open up for our May 4th (Star Wars Themed) Trail Work day with Denver Trail Runners at Indian Cre… 
I mean that’s the bottom right? The dude obviously loves Star Wars. Why go after him? That’s the ki… 
The Mandalorian fills a gap in the modern Star Wars canon, and also embraces its fandom 
Okay okay okay somewhere in my house is a DVD labeled "Pokemon Battle".This is from when I was 8.… 
People like her have ruined my enjoyment in everything. Anime, League of Legends, MCU, Star Wars. Its… 
Star Wars battlefront 2 
That’s mean. I wish I had as much passion for life as this guy does for Star Wars. He looks happy as fuck. 
Everyone always thinks they’d be something cool like a Jedi or a bounty hunter if they were in Star Wars. But I can… 
I've been bitching about this for a while. I always thought he should have taken over when Leia went down in that m… 
Star Wars The Clone Wars Season 7 Trailer #2! (Star Wars Celebration 2019) 
Mario: WorldZelda: Wind WakerSonic: AdventuresMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: Code VeronicaPokemon: Black/WhiteG… 
what are you the most hyped for in terms of star wars content. 
I can’t believe josh’s dad asked me to draw a Star Wars mural for their future showroom 
Star Wars, episode IX: The Rise of my Total and Utter Lack of Interest Whatsoever 
"Ad:" LEGO 75041 Star Wars: Vulture Droid Brand New &amp; Sealed) Retired Set b-12  FlyingTrea… 
"Ad:" Lego 7166 Set Star Wars Imperial Shuttle Instructions 100% Complete SHIP ONLY  Flyin… 
this really be zoie out here at Star Wars celebration 
The Next 'Star Wars' Video Game Promises a Ton of Kickass Lightsaber Combat via 
Everything We Know So Far About 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' via 
I cried watching this with him, because yes, star wars is fucking magical and I admi… 
Announcing Emperor Palpatine in the new star wars movie is like Singularity announcing Hiko. Bringing old talent to make it to make it shit, 
Nope me too!  But my wife can do us one better.  She’s never watched Star Wars or any of the subsequent sequels. 
Our Rules/Review video for Star Wars: Outer Rim is up on YouTube! If you'd like an in depth look at this game befor… 
Yeah definitely!  Plus you get some of that 90's star wars IG88 action.  I've been waiting most my life to see him kick ass. 
Never really watched Star Wars either  don’t plan on it 
You’re not wrong Star Wars is for children 
I always have a soft spot for SWTOR. But if I start up again, I won't stop playing for years haha. Closest we will… 
Dude this is what I look like when I watch Star Wars... 
facebook friend: posts pictures of getting engaged in cancunme: posts star wars celebration 2019 album 
this is me watching Star Wars .... beware. Hey have you seen this? 
Star Wars as a fantasy cosplay of low IQ people. Never understood why people fantasize… 
Girl, who hurt you? This man's happiness is adorable and Star Wars is the shit. Without social media you're literal… 
Things like Marvel, Star Wars, etc might be hit or miss in big studios' hands. But we can enjoy the hits and when t… 
Mario: Super Mario OdysseyZelda: Wind WakerSonic: I've only played ShadowMetroid: Haven't finis… 
New Lego Star Wars Game Accidentally Mentioned - 
I thought so, but that's from a certain point of view. Also #toxicfandom sucks. #studyingstarwars#StarWars Celebr… 
A new single player Star Wars game, Jedi: Fallen Order, is coming to Xbox this fall 
Really Dan! You have not watched Star Wars? 
I would very much like the content of Star Wars to come true.It is certainly interesting that all h… 
It is a disease we have proliferated into the whole of Star Wars fandom  
STAR WARS JEDI Fallen Order Official Story Trailer 2019 via 
obviously because there’s a want for his videos,… 
Now I wish I went to star wars celebration I want saber  like that 
Rian Johnson and 'Game of Thrones' Writers Working Together on the Next Decade of Star Wars Films #Movies #TV 
It's so sad someone is picking on this dude. First we get mad at men who hate Star Wars and now we… 
Damn Kittykat I cried in that scene of Star Wars too!  
I think we've all seen with Star Wars that often times the fan fiction has better… 
Zero Star Wars films should excite anyone over the age of 13. Yes, yes, yes, EVEN the original and the Empire Strikes Back! 
The Original Star Wars Movies Have Way More Aliens Than You Think 
Star Wars Ep 9 Teaser Trailer Breakdown via #StarWars #breakdown #EpisodeIXTheRiseOfSkywalker 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Link's AwakeningSonic: Sonic 3 w/ Sonic &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Super MetroidResident… 
The Yellowstone Giant Screen Theater here in West Yellowstone is truly an exciting movie-watching expe… 
you're a star wars fan, not a Star Wars Fan (tm) 
I wish I felt as strongly about anything as this dude does about Star Wars 
My favorite part was you gifting me a blue chrome Star Wars set to match my gold set for being a huge fan  
You’re not gonna believe this interview at Star Wars Celebration, totally destroys The Last Jedi  
So many thoughts. We'll see in December.#studyingstarwarsJ.J. Abrams Weighs In on Divisive New ‘Star Wars’ Title:… 
Coca-Cola Claims It Doesn&amp;#039;t Market Soft Drinks To Kids, Announces New Star Wars ... 
Nah, not really. But I'm sure sick of people like you claiming you're a better Star W… 
1. WEG D6 Star Wars (my 1st/age 9)2. D&amp;D 3.5 (teenage years)3. Dungeon World (Rules)4. Lasers &amp; Feel… 
Star Wars Celebration returning to Anaheim for 2020 Branson, Missouri 
I don't even like the Star Wars series, but couldn't help but smile and… 
Worst-Mario: Mario 2 (bite me Cathy)Zelda: Adventures of LinkSonic: literally anything after So… 
Depending on how you title it:-Star Wars-A New Hope-Episode IVIs how much we will get along#onlyonerightanswer 
I wouldn’t even be in a committed relationship with a woman who plays fortnite 24/7. Don’t care how attractive or “… 
I don't watch Star wars but if I did you bet your sweet tits I'd be reacting like you're rud… 
Mario: Super Mario Bros.Zelda: A Link to the Past.Sonic: 3.Metroid: Super Metroid.Resident Evil: H… 
I hope you enjoyed my themed menu for Avengers! Next month is Star Wars! There will be blue milk! 
Star Trek just has more good material than Star Wars. 
Great job by everyone on the Star Wars Show crew! 
sexiest personality traits:not watching Star Warsnot watching Game of Thrones tiddies 
And so it begins. And we didn’t even make it to Star Wars Night. 
Shoutout to the Jedi that made me love Star Wars, you like the armor! 
Watched it every day all the way from Brazil and it was AWESOME. Every interview at The Star Wars Show wa… 
The people hating on that dude for reacting to the Star Wars trailer so passionately are suckers. 
Nope. Never got into Star Wars either. (Ducks to avoid outrage) 
And while I'm at it (cuz I'm clearly in a big mood) same goes for y'all "ZOMG you've never seen x?!??! " Some pe… 
Look at you, using hashtags  (it's a star wars quote lmao) 
May the Force be with you! We are nerds! Come wear your favorite Star Wars Cosplay or Costume and get a free pour o… 
"Ad:" STAR WARS Lucasfilm ILM CHEWBACCA Rare CREW Gift Bust Statue  FlyingTreasures 
you guys love your clickbait, don'tcha? Bringing back Sidious was always in the plan, according to George Luc… 
These star wars characters are getting weirder. Oh it's Min. 
 dafttom: My vintage-style Star Wars Action Figure poster is now available 
apparently Samuel L Jackson yells "NO ATTACHMENTS" not just in star wars but also in this movie about a league of child assassins 
I Am Back! Let's Talk About Everything From Star Wars 
Congrats to my for getting the trivia question right on the GA stream tonight!! Tune in next time for so… 
"Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge" At Disney Parks Will Feature Exclusive Coca-Cola Bottles - The Disney parks expansion wi… 
I have never wanted a pair of Star Wars cargo shorts more than I do right now! (I do wear regular cargo… 
The Art of Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Book Announced #Star Wars 
Someone is driving down Mass with the Star Wars score blasting. The evening is looking up! 
Every superhero movie and every star wars movie is better than American Sniper 
Absurd Video Shows Idiot Crying Over New Star Wars Trailer - 
Mario: 3D WorldZelda: Breath of the Wild Metroid: SuperResident Evil: 4Pokemon: SoulSilverStar Wars: LegoMeta… 
Yes! Give me all the Star Wars series about the rebels. Also can't wait to learn more about his ch… 
I'm not even a Star Wars person, but these sun visors were on clearance and too funny to pass up...#acura #funny… 
i love star wars but i'm very tired of star wars fans 
Hey your video was great, your love for Star Wars is infectious! I genuinely loved it! Don't listen t… 
Supposedly the rumor is Kennedy is meeting with both GOT guys and Rain J in a big Star Wars Paw wow to get the next… 
Only about next year Star Wars celebration is there will be hardly any new live action movies. A lot of leg work wi… 
I wish we had some open world Star Wars RPG that would be insane but honestly physically impossible  
That is a lot of Stormtrooper mini-figures!  The LEGO Group achieved a Guinness World Records title for the largest… 
Mario: World Zelda: Ocarina of time Sonic:-Metroid: Super, Resident Evil: 2Pokemon: Go (?)GT… 
Dark Horse to release The Art of Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order 
Star Wars Episode IX: 12 Facts You Need to Know About The Rise of Skywalker 
Why I Love Star Wars.........“The Heroines Journey” 
Season 1 was impressive. I admit it, i teared up when they showed mr miyogi's photo.  Karate Kid 3 is… 
I am sitting in the airport feeling sad, waiting for my flight back home. But what an epic experience!… 
Never thought I’d go in to bat for Star Wars fans but this is incredibly rich coming from an imperialis… 
Star Wars Dark Forces, Palpatine's Behing It All  #twitch #retro #starwars 
We missed #StarWarsCelebration this year. We missed hanging out with all of you and partaking in 5 days of Star War… 
Just in 3 KOTOBUKIYA STAR WARS 12" statues check them out! Super quality and detail, beautiful! 
Looks Like There's A New LEGO Star Wars Game On The Way #Repost #UpcomingReleases #LEGO… 
Mario:  GalaxyZelda:  BotWSonic:  ManiaMetroid:  Prime 3Resident Evil:  4Pokemon:  R/S/EGTA:  5Star Wars:  L… 
Mario: super 3Zelda: ocarina of timeSonic: &amp; KnucklesMetroid: N/AResident Evil: 3Pokemon: blue versionGTA: 3… 
Imma geek out on Game of Thrones and Star Wars so hard you don’t even know 
It was a pleasure meeting Her portrayal of Ahsoka Tano is such a powerful one that grows beyond just… 
You know you want to, listen to The Alien Offensive on demand at:  
Star Wars and super hero movies... 
‘The Mandalorian’: 5 Revelations From ‘Star Wars’ First Live-Action TV Show’s Celebration Panel 
Get outta here with this garbage take. My girlfriend is still dating me and she's seen me cry watchi… 
Vader Immortal: A Star Wars VR Series- Episode I Official Trailer 
Ian McDiarmid Addreses The Emperor’s Return In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker - 
Not to the degree of star wars not even close and the point is obviously he's a silly a… 
Yep. People love Star trek and star wars even though they are both rip off of other series 
I keep watching it and his passion is so pure and wonderful! This is the kind of person I want to see Star Wars with. 
Most surprising thing about the new Star Wars trailer is the fact that I didn't see Rose in it.  The Last Jedi woul… 
Star Wars Celebration Chicago! So much fun! So many friends! (Little tired now) #501st #badguysdoinggood… 
I’m actually jealous of this guy! I wish I had this much of an emotional reaction to the trailer, and S… 
Guess we'll find out. Look up the other possible storylines and he can still be dead, yet something else. 
New Movie Trailer for Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker #StarWars via 
Between Star Wars Celebrations and Disneyland Star Wars Galaxy’s Edge being at Anaheim next year it a going to be i… 
CabaretDevil Wears PradaStar WarsEaster ParadeWizard of OzA Star is Born (Judy Garland/James Mason v… 
$115 usd for this lot! Not bad for the last day at Star Wars Celebration! Safe travels! 
Star Wars lightsticks are lightsabers  
who the fuck decided on STAR WARS FOR PROM low key wish i graduated last year because this year has just sucked 
Hell I’d be happy just to meet a woman on line that likes Star Wars let alone knew anything about it.… 
Top Audiobook:Thrawn: Alliances (Star Wars) (Unabridged) - Timothy Zahn" 
Why do I get the feeling this person never moved past the "Haha, Nerds are stupid" phase from High Scho… 
What’s this guy’s ? His passion and love for Star Wars, and his willingness to show how much he loves this franch… 
Yeah, while i don't prefer TLJ to TFA, I watched both of them once, enjoyed them enough, and didn't… 
Noteworthy Star Wars voice actor Tom Kane let's loose on TLJ and Holdo. 
No one fucking disrespects star wars in my house. This bitch is getting both barrels 
Because romance is integrated in every Star Wars story. Watch the trailer… 
Lando Calrissian, Our New Black Heroine And #FinnPoe: What We Learned During The 'Star Wars' Celebration 
Me either bro... I'm a grandpa, did my military time, do guy things... But I grew up on Star Trek and… 
New auction: Lot of 201 Star Wars Micro Machines Ships &amp; Figures &amp; Hasbro Fighter Pods 
I really can’t wait for the new Star Wars game I miss the Star Wars the force unleashed 
No magic tricks and laser swords.I honestly like Star Wars, but I hate what Disney has done with… 
My Star Wars rankings:1) Empire Strikes Back2) A New Hope3) Rogue One 4) Return of the Jedi5) The Force Awaken… 
How to Watch the Star Wars Celebration Livestream: Episode IX, The Mandalorian, and More 
Square Enix is bringing Octopath Traveler to the PC this summer on June  7th. 
For the love of God can the boys please dress up as Star Wars characters this year for their Halloween dance practi… 
Why Emperor Palpatine Is Probably Alive In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker 
If you think it will be like a Dharma initiative show or the Star Wars prequels it won't be. It is amazing. 
Saw the video of the boy crying his eyes out watching the Star Wars teaser so banged "Star Wars crying" into Twitte… 
I don’t think it is the Star Wars superhero culture that is the issue with this guy but the fact that he… 
Are you ready to wield the power of the force?  Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order launches on November 15th.… 
If the new LEGO Star Wars game isn’t all 11 movies, or at least the last 5, I’ll be disappointed, I really wanna pl… 
Mario: Mario Kart 8 DeluxeZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Sonic ColorsMetroid: (Neither)Resident Evil: (Neither… 
Star Trek is superior to Star Wars.Carrie Fisher was the shit, tho, and idgaf what you think about my opinion. 
I am Shawn. I have yet to watch an episode of Game of Thrones.....or Star Wars.... 
Star Wars (orig trig) is a sausage fest of bullshit. It's a story whose best qualities and lore comes from fanficti… 
Star Wars fans be like: “Is he trying to tell us Finn has Force powers?!?!”  
Saw this live at star wars celebration.  Everything looked very real and practical.  So many cool throwback to old effects. 
The closest thing I have to this is the MCU, but man the hype over GoT and Star Wars is contagious and makes me wan… 
As a Star Wars fan I can unequivocally say that Star Wars fans are the worst fans of any fandom. 
Well, I can tell you, as a 20+ year fan of that it is the worst Star Wars movie ever! Luk… 
who would win: the entirety of the imperial fleet from Star Wars or a single silverback gorilla 
Mario... SM World Zelda... Breath of the WildSonic... HeroesMetroid... Super Metroid Resident Evil... REmakePo… 
Mario: Super Mario 64Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: Sonic 2Metroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 4Pokemon: Gold… 
LOL. I'm afraid I can't, he's getting more into Star Wars  
I've never seen a single Star Wars movie. 
Star Wars: Darth Maul Returns in Clone Wars Finale 
I need Jedi: Fallen Order to be heat man. We ain't had a good Star Wars game in forever. 
- The Last Jedi is Top 3 Star Wars- Solo is way worse than Rogue One- Rogue One is way better than all the preque… 
my kids could be straight gay bi trans obese and I’d love them to death but if they some star wars or avengers dweebs it’s a wrap for them 
Star Wars Celebration 2019: Over 60 Photos of the Best Cosplay from the Show Floor - 
Ryan's last day is tomorrow so I bought him two Star Wars books as a farewell gift.  
Helped comic cons and conventions become a huge thing, halloween costumes every year si… 
I love comics &amp; star wars and also wear cargo shorts.  Also been married for 24 years. 
Me either. No f..ing Star Wars either 
People who have never seen star wars knows the line " luke i am your father" most major… 
WHo you calling Star Wars fans? or me? 
That is such a wholesome video, honestly. I still get chills and intense exciteme… 
Name a more culturally significant movie. Obviously some people still like the Disney s… 
Mario:  GalaxyZelda:  OcarinaSonic:  2Metroid:  PrimeResident Evil:  2 RemakePokemon: YellowGTA:  5Star Wars… 
I just watched new trailer for star wars rise of Skywalker i want more Dinosaurs movies please Hollywood 
Mario: Mario Galaxy 2Zelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Sonic Unleashed (fite me)Metroid: Didn't p… 
How EA is Marketing Jedi: Fallen Order is Weird The latest installment in the Star Wars … 
I hope you're wrong, but it's entirely possible. I haven't seen star wars either btw 
GOLD STAR WARS: The Old Republic – Knights of the Fallen Empire – “Sacrifice”... via 
Star Wars battlefront 2 Duel HEROES NEW UPDATE BEST FELLING EVER #starwars #smallyoutubers… 
I love Star Wars!!! 
If you haven't watched #CloneWars you are really missing out on the best part of the #Skywalker story. Star Wars Th… 
hey man keep being awesome. Thanks for sharing your genuine happiness with everyone. Hope you enjoy t… 
Kind of think the star wars guy is trolling us. 
Star Wars x Pink Floyd Hey, Anakin! 
Mario: OdysseyZelda: BotWSonic: Sonic 2Metroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: RE3Pokemon: YGTA: San AndreasSta… 
Men aren't men anymore. They have to damn many feeling now. It's ok to be a little sensitive once in… 
Maybe it is because of the Star Wars stuff Tiff? Lol 
For a grown man to cry like a little girl over star wars is idiotic and pathetic. 
Star Wars was never as good as Star Trek  
"Oh! But he's a guy! He shouldn't show emotions!"Screw that. Let the man love Star Wars to tears  
True. I was thinking of doing a followup of the Prequel era as: Second Golden Age of Star Wars. 
I don’t watch Star Wars but I do binge watch grey’s anatomy. Would that be better? 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Seasons/AgesSonic: Adventure 2Metroid: Prime 3 (only one I’ve played)Resident Ev… 
Cute and harrmless!Mario: Mario and Luigi Superstar Saga (&gt;~&gt;... Fine, Super Mario Odyssey)Zelda: Minish CapSon… 
Regardless how much people praise Rogue One- it’s still vastly underrated.The Last Jedi and The Forc… 
"Ad:" New Kotobukiya Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Luke Skywalker Artfx Statue Figure  Fl… 
"Ad:" New Kotobukiya ArtFX Star Wars Darth Vader ROTJ 1/7 Statue w/ Light Up LED’s  Flying… 
This was the exact wrong hill to die on people love star wars its the most culturally inpactful movie ever made. 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars Darth Vader Bust 75227 Helmet Target New  FlyingTreasures 
The amount of malicious videos and comments out about the "Star Wars Cringe" guy is unbelievable...even from people… 
When I heard Emperor Palpatine laugh at the end of the Episode XI trailer, I realized that Star Wars is suffering f… 
Nerd Twitter is upset that I think men who obsess and cry over Star Wars are undateable #MakeMenGreatAgain 
This will definitely be me when #AlitaBattleAngel sequels drop!!!  Alita Battle Angel is the “Star Wars” of our… 
I did the favourite game per franchise thing.Mario: Yoshi's IslandZelda: Majora's MaskSonic: ColorsMetroid: Sup… 
Ok it was only 2 and one of them was a can opener which should’ve been on my list!! The other one w… 
And Rian Johnson has every business near Star Wars, given how astoundi… 
Absolutely... or Discovery or Star Wars or Anime or Dr. Who or anything else. 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Will Have Boss Battles And Draws Combat Inspiration From Metroid &amp; Zelda Wind Waker vi… 
I really believe that guy have it really fuking bad, like Nobody said anything about the women who b… 
And so, Star Wars Call Me Maybe via 
My Star Wars Episode 9 title theory: it's referring to Anakin. #StarWars #Theory #TheRiseOfSkywalker #Episode9 #TheChosenOne 
7-Minute Star Wars Celebration Clip From #TheMandalorian Leaks Online - 
Mario: Mario 64/SunshineZelda: Zelda 2: Adventure of LinkSonic: Sonic 06/Shadow the HedgehogMet… 
Coca-Cola and Disney partner for new 'Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge' land 
Everything We Know About the Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Characters 
Mario: WorldZelda: A Link to the PastSonic: 3 &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 4… 
And on the third film of the third trilogy he rose again. Is J.J.  pulling a Jedi Easter on 
Mario: 3Zelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: 3 &amp; KnuclesMetroid: Prime 3Resident Evil: 4Pokemon: XY/ORASGTA: VStar… 
Imagine being upset about someone enjoying something. Couldn't be me…Millions of people have a deep emotional con… 
Super Mário worldMajora’s maskSonic 2Metroid zero missionO remake de resident evil pro GameCubePokémon soul si… 
Star Wars Celebration Returning to Anaheim for 2020 
Star Wars Celebration Returning to Anaheim for 2020 Star Wars Celebration returning to An… 
This guy crying over this pathetic Star Wars trailer can’t possibly be real? Please tell me humanit… 
'Star Wars' team speak about 'emotional' ending of trilogies 
It was Star Wars, I think 
Star Wars was my entire childhood. i never saw the originals in the theater, but i watched them 1000 time… 
Theories for Star Wars episode IX 
Will 'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' Rewrite 'The Last Jedi?' via 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: 3 &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Zero MissionResident Evil: 4Pokem… 
Mario: Luigi's Mansion Zelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: 3 and KnucklesMetroid: Other MResident Evil: 4Pokemon: S… 
THE LAST JEDI IS THE BEST STAR WARS MOVIE. DIE MAD ABOUT IT. 
I love Star Wars. 
"Ad:" Star Wars Celebration Chicago Exclusive Legion Darth Vader Fantasy Flight  FlyingTre… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Vintage Star Wars Lili Ledy Prune Face Cardback Only - Rare HTF  FlyingTrea… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars ROTJ Hammerhead 48 Back MOC AFA 75 *RARE*  FlyingTreasures 
Alls I could think of when I saw the new Star Wars trailer was “I told you ‘The Last Jedi’ was a total fucking misnomer” 
If Disney can’t make a good original story, they could just not release a Star Wars… 
Dang. It’s been a busy few days for Star Wars info. I like it! 
Don't like Star Wars, never played any of the games enough to have an opinion. 
this the first time I seen they made a anime pic for star wars. 
Go, DJ, go! Seriously folks, we can all find ways to celebrate #MoveMoreMonth just lilke this inspiring 
...Anaheim.Ohh Star Wars, don't tempt me like that. 
Star Wars new #TheMandalorian TV series gets a very Italian spaghetti west… 
like Star Wars but you're meant to empathize with the Rebellion 
Star Wars Galactic Con. Exclusive POP PEZ, Version B Jean LaFoote and Crunchberry Beast and more Ponda Baba spellin… 
EA swears Jedi: Fallen Order won’t have multiplayer or microtransactions, ever 
Just for fun this week!   Star Wars Episode 9! 
You would date this guy? There’s passionate and fucking cringe. This is a grown ma… 
Is this a warning when you see flashing lights meaning either something bad is going to happen or evil is coming in… 
Jon Favreau Confirms Exactly When The Mandalorian Takes Place 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: Super Smash Bros UltimateZelda: Breath of WindSonic: Sonic and KnucklesMetroid:… 
Star Wars Battlefront Vs Star Wars Battlefront II A THREAD 
I never watched Game of Thrones, Star Wars, Walking Dead...They don't spark my interest.. 
See you next year in Anaheim Star Wars Fans!!#StarWarsCelebration2019 #StarWarsCelelbration2020 
Mario: 3D WorldZelda: Spirit TracksSonic: BoomMetroid: Prime 3Resident Evil: 6Pokemon: YellowGTA: VStar Wars… 
George Lucas's grand vision for Star Wars was adding CGI rocks 
Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge will feature in-universe Coca-Cola products 
Where will the next Star Wars Celebration be held? 
What we learned about Star Wars Resistance season 2 at Star Wars Celebration 
"Ad:" Disney Star Wars Weekend Donald Duck As Stormtrooper Statue 2011- L.E 1977  FlyingTr… 
"Ad:" SIDESHOW Star Wars Premium Format SANDTROOPER Exclusive Statue 1:4 Scale 1,500  Flyi… 
My Star Wars circle is freaking out rn at the possibility of Anaheim. Friends who didn’t get a chance to go this ti… 
THE RISE OF SKYWALKER - All The Best (And Most Epic) Moments From The Trailer In GIF Form#StarWars… 
Kingdom Hearts and Star Wars have essentially the same system of  morality: a dichotomy of light and darkness kept… 
Meme Monday... And I have begun the Meme Wars a little early with all the Star Wars hype going on!-UNISOL 
Star Wars is garbage. Everyone craving representation ignore incredible black performances such as… 
District 9Star Wars Rogue OneAt the time, Matrix Revolutions, during the climatic battle… 
Yeah, that's a weird reading of Star Wars and why the fuck were these dudes commentating a wrestling show. 
That changes things.  I’m getting chills thinking about a joint Galaxy’s Edge/Celebration trip with t… 
I'll take a new Lego star wars game aslong as it doesn't have that multi build stuff like the last few have had 
Star Wars - Kathleen Kennedy Says The Addition Of Palpatine To Episode IX Has Been In The Works For Some Time… 
Star Wars would be good if it wasn't bad. 
- THE LAST JEDI and REVENGE OF THE SITH are the best two Star Wars movies- ROGUE ONE is better than THE FORCE AWAK… 
we're a bit curious, what does everyone think of the new Star Wars teaser trailer that was released this past week? 
Star Wars Celebration 2020!! Anaheim!! 
Mario: 64Zelda: Majora's MaskSonic: UnleashedMetroid: FusionResident Evil: 4Pokemon: Stadium 2GTA: San Andrea… 
As if there is not women out there that love Star Wars jus… 
Star Wars is always a great space theme 
Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker’s Ending Was Changed During Filming 
Why Are Western Men Crying Over Star Wars Trailers? - Clown world serves up another treat - Paul Joseph Watson 
Next Star Wars movie cast.... 
Rebuild your dreams by workshopping a Star Wars character concept 
The people who say they “don’t even watch Game of Thrones” are the same people from elementary school who said, “St… 
Me.  Star Wars too. 
Maybe we’ll find out which character he plays in Star Wars. 
Yes! Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order is running on 4!!! #StarWarsJediFallenOrder 
I'm still waiting for Tosche Station - A Star Wars Story 
Coca-Cola And Disney Designed The Coolest Galactic Bottles That Will Only Be Sold At The Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge P… 
I went to the very first star wars celebration, need to dig out my badges and get them framed 
Some movies I'll be seeing on the big screens around DC over the next three weeks: Blade Runner 2049AkiraIncept… 
I think it's time to forget GoT, the Avengers, and Star Wars. There are other things which deserve our tears. 
Can we make a date to see Star Wars IX now? — OK, but no talking 
Original films do well, they just don't break box office records like Marvel or Star Wa… 
Mario: Super Mario Bros 2Zelda: The Minish CapSonic: 1991Metroid: N/AResident Evil: 4Pokemon: EmeraldGTA: San… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Will Be The Best Star Wars Game In The EA Era 
I love this period of Shrodinger's #starwars. The time when anything is possible, fan theories seem to hold weight,… 
New Lego Star Wars Game Reportedly In Development via 
The diversity of the Star Wars Resistance cast is incredible. I love this show. #StarWarsResistance… 
...never watched any Star Wars, but would consider it if there were teddy bears!... and… 
#StarWarsCelebration and #DisneyPlus dominate the news this week!  #Podcast #PodernFamily #Disney 
Rogue One is my favorite Star Wars movie now. Empire would be next. 
I got to meet somewhere pretty amazing people today!! and got me into RPGs and Star Wars and… 
It’s the content Star Wars fans craved 
Here's Everything We Learned About The New Disney+ Show At "Star Wars" Celebration 
Daisy Ridley Discusses The Ending Of #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker - 
I hope all my friends had a great time at celebration!!! I’m in full Star Wars mode and I’m not even there! Hope you all had fun! 
SWCC 2019: 5 Highlights from The Phantom Menace Anniversary Panel #Star Wars 
I was at star wars Celebrations in Chicago doing RPG demos. I made people happy and excited to experi… 
Star Wars!  Game of Thrones!  Don Quixote!  Megalopolis!  And other  news!  
Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: Majora’s MaskSonic: Sonic and KnucklesMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evi… 
My boy playing some Star Wars LEGO 
Super Mario Bros. 3The Legend Of Zelda: Link’s AwakeningSonic The Hedgehog 2Metroid PrimeResident Evil (Remake)… 
Latest Star Wars scandal 
A tycoon buys or adopts as many stars as humanly possible. Fights others for the stars he doesn’t have and finds lo… 
I never liked Star Wars! 
The Truth is Star Wars is Mediocre because forethought was never anything. It's an accidental succes… 
It's not fan boy rage. It's star wars fan rage. Holdo sucked. One of the worst characters in all of… 
BRO SAME! LEGO BATMAN AND STAR WARS WAS THE STUFF 
Love you Anthony I wish I could’ve been there to see you at Star Wars Celebration C-3po is awesome 
"Yeah well, I don't watch Game of Thrones and I've never seen Star Wars and like, Syria and Yemen burn every day so… 
Congrats to and for not only hosting another awesome Star Wars Celebration, but for becoming ho… 
I took this picture today at Star Wars Celebration 2019 Chicago! #SWCC 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Won’t Get DLC, EA Is Not Involved In Development, PC Specs, and More… 
Well said. One can say the same for film series' as well.(Am I the only one who got this sense from the new Star Wars films?) 
Everyone talking about Star Wars and here I am counting the days for Dune  
DID I JUST HEAR THAT THERE WILL BE ANOTHER LEGO STAR WARS GAME. ok I’m too old for it but idc I have to cop that’s… 
Mario: Mario MakerZelda: Link to the Past/Breath of the Wild (tie)Sonic: N/AMetroid: N/AResident Evil: RE2 Rema… 
I just think it’s ironic that some of the people clowning on that kid for crying over the Star Wars video are now “… 
New LEGO Star Wars Video Game Coming in 2019 and Rumored Details 
Amy Hennig Reactions to Jedi: Fallen Order Reveal Amy Hennig, the former creative direct… 
GUYS. LEGO STAR WARS ON SWITCH. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE 
Super Star Wars Force! 
Mario: WorldZelda: Link to the PastSonic: 2Metroid: SuperResident Evil: 2Pokemon: Let's GoGTA:  San AndreasS… 
3+ days of GOT tweets, Star Wars and now it's time for vacation photos at Notre Dame 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Is Not A Stealth Game - IGN via /r/Games 
‘Star Wars: The Old Republic’ finally gets a new expansion: 
Watch Star Wars 
Can’t say I’m a fan of replacing Nyx with Trace and Rafa in the Ahsoka’s Walkabout arc, but it all… 
Find someone who looks at you the way looks at Star Wars. 
We are back with a NEW, PACKED episode! We talk about all the news, trailers, and Cons from the past month. Check i… 
I was going to say this is the same with Star Wars, but honestly, the fanbase has become famous for being so toxic… 
New LEGO Star Wars Game Reportedly in Development 
Mario: Super Mario GalaxyZelda: Wind WakerSonic:ManiaMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: Resident Evil 2 R… 
Love this fandom I’m so glad I’m a Star Wars fan and to be a part of this family of people. Wish I could be there a… 
#EA Teases ‘Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order’ For #StarWarsCelebration 
3D light FX Star Wars Yoda Face 3D Deco LED Wall Light 
When To Expect The Full Length #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker Trailer To Come Out - 
You sure do enjoy star wars you dum bich 
Star Wars: The Clone Wars season 7 trailer, Siege of Mandalore reveals 
We are at the airport - but let’s definitely connect soon on Skype and talk Star Wars! 
Star Wars is full of Rebels and resisters, but Rose is the first true Revolutionary 
10000000% I want a Star Wars game that plays like HZD. 
On the train after my whirlwind jaunt to Celebration — seems to be the Star Wars car, judging from everyone aboard.… 
Mario: WorldZelda: Ocarina of timeSonic: The HedgehogMetroid: Super (snes)Resident Evil: 2 (tie with 1)Pokemon… 
Mario: 3D WorldZelda: Breath of the Wild / Link Between WorldsSonic: 3 &amp; KnucklesMetroid: I played… 
same skfjakfj rey has killed people too. it’s called star WARS 
No No ,  The great Carl Weathers can endear himself to the Star Wars Fanbase wit… 
Star Wars Explained, Alex, With Donald Faison. Really cool. 
Star Wars Theory with the Dark Side. Has he heard of Darth Plagueis the wise ? 
You being a judgemental asshole is worse than some guy liking star wars lol. 
"Truth to Power" do these people just think this is Star Wars for God sake, Jim knows he just writes wo… 
ou para star wars 
No microtransactions or loot boxes for #StarWarsJediFallenOrder, says EA - 
Star Wars Fans Have an Incredible Theory About What the Episode IX Title Really Means 
"Star Wars is literally ruined by the greedy panderers at Disney. They ruined  all childhoods by completely destroy… 
These are silly but I love them 
Mario: Yoshi's IslandZelda: The Legend of Zelda (Zelda 1)Sonic: ShuffleMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: REm… 
New LEGO Star Wars Tantive IV Set Is Coming In May 
All the #TLJ did was make choices that some disagreed with and because of such feel “their entire childhood &amp;… 
Genuinely more excited for this than Star Wars IX. I just can't get at all hyped for what is probably going to be a… 
Mario: SMB 3Zelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: Sonic 2Metroid: FusionResident Evil: RE 4Pokemon:… 
Respawn Was Working on Another Game Before Jedi: Fallen Order 
a new LEGO Star Wars game  will it cover Rogue One and Solo too I wonder 
Star Wars [UPDATED] 
Learn to Use the Force in First Trailer for ‘Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order’ 
Disney Laid The Groundwork For Disney+ Long Before Netflix Was King #netflix 
Would you like to see Star Wars Celebration Videos and photos ? 
Not much of a wild Guess, but I gather that when the fans came to help in Star Wars shows that’s likely when the le… 
Luke wielded it through TWO WHOLE MOVIES. It was Luke's. You're r… 
EA and Respawn Entertainment announce Star Wars Jedi: Fallen OrderRead 
Liked on YouTube: Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order — Reveal Trailer | PS4 
That Star Wars  shop is fantastic!  Superchargers are pretty great there, too. 
Mario: Super Mario World (snes)Zelda: A Link to the Past Sanic: Sonic 2Metroid: Super Metroid 2Resident Evil: R… 
K-2SO fora o HK-47 do star wars knights of the old republic XD 
Same. Though my absolute lack of interest helps. I'll just go back to the Star Wars hype. 
FoundMi Star Wars Storm Trooper Rubber Key Chain Tracker Category: Handhelds Price: $26.49 Retail Price: $32.99 Bra… 
Haha Haha! The little soyboy blocked me for agreeing with Tom Kane. Can’t wait until twerps like this… 
Mario: OdysseyZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Heroes (guilty pleasure)Metroid: Zero MissionResiden… 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Adventure 1 BattleMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: 2 Remake… 
The First Teaser Trailer For ‘Star Wars: Episode IX 
#StarWarsJediFallenOrder open world elements detailed in #Xbox store listing - 
I cried when I saw The Force Awakens trailer because of long it had been since I had seen a new Star Wars film. Wtf… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Won’t Feature Stealth Mechanics 
I’ve never seen Star Wars but I’ve watched Spaceballs countless times so that’s basicall… 
Jon Favreau Discusses Details Of New ‘Star Wars’ Series ‘The Mandalorian’ 
Star Wars Celebration 2019 - 
New Star Wars is just a game of telephone for privileged nerd directors lapping up the tired sweat of ol… 
Share your love of STAR WARS at our May the 4th party!  Saturday May 4th at 1:00.  Wear your Star Wars best to be e… 
I could literally rant about both of them for DAYS!!!! The Force Awakens was basically a New Hope 2.… 
You abandoned Apex to work on Star Wars and now Apex is failing, this is very sad, it was a promising game… 
"Ad:" LEGO Star Wars - Moloch’s Landspeeder 75210  FlyingTreasures 
Check out Star Wars Special Edition, Indiana Jones Trilogy, Highlander 2 Suburban Commando  via 
Mds!! Olha essas garrafas Specially Designed Coca-Cola Products Coming Exclusively to Star Wars: G...… 
Star Wars - Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy Talks The Future Of The Franchise #StarWars 
This is a story of Star Wars magic. 
The real hero of the Star Wars franchise#starwars #merchantserviceinnovations #johnwilliams #composer… 
It’s reminded me of what Star Wars fans really look like, and that the hate and harassment is only a drop in the oc… 
After creating a woke robot engaged in an intersectional romance with a human in *Star Wars*, Phoebe Waller-Bridge… 
#TDS 430:THE DAILY SHOHETThe Death Panel whitesplain to the kiddults in the room.• Mall of Somalia• NRA Gibs… 
Did you see the Star Wars: Fallen Order trailer yet? 
The franchise, whether you played it or not, has done a great but not perfect effort of incor… 
Captain America: Winter SoldierMission Impossible: FalloutJurassic WorldRogue One: A Star Wars Sto… 
Check out 2001 Star Wars The Saga Collection DARTH MAUL SITH TRAINING 3.75" Action Figure #Hasbro via 
- Disney+ Announcement- Star Wars Celebration - Episode IX Trailer- wins the Masters-… 
James Bond 25 rewritten by Solo A Star Wars Story Droid Actress, female ... via 
Mario: Super Mario 64Zelda: Breath of the WildDon't careMetroid: Prime Resident Evil: 7Pokemo… 
Watching first episode of 2nd season of Star Wars resistance with the cast #StarWaraCelebration #swcc 
I’ve Had Pizza For Dinner 5 nights In A Row: A Star Wars Story #StarWarsCelebaration #swcc 
It is possible that you don't care about [Notre Dame/Game of Thrones/Star Wars/politics etc.] because you're needed… 
Fox News: Coca-Cola, Disney to offer specialty droidlike drink bottles at Star Wars: Galaxy Edge theme park 
Mario: Odyssey (assuming you can’t put smash here) Zelda: BotWSonic: ManiaMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: 7 Pokem… 
I can tell you from experience this makes it worse. Avoid the arts at all costs. Have you considered c… 
What did you think of the Star Wars trailer? 
What? All I said is I like Star Wars. 
Disneyland's new Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge will open early! Get the first look at Batuu's unique sights, sounds, sme… 
How Clone Wars and Rebels influenced #StarWars Jedi: Fallen Order | 
Lol i know this is how i feel about all the Marvel comic movies and atje "Star" wars/trek s… 
Celebrate the Nostalgia of Every First 'Star Wars' Movie Teaser 
Mario: GalaxyZelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: 3 &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Prime 2Resident Evil: 4Pokemon: Let's Go Pika… 
PHOTOS: Star Wars – Galaxy’s Edge Exclusive Black Series Figures Reveal New Characters That Will Appear in the Them… 
I’ve seen every star wars yes and consider myself a fan of the franchise. 
Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: Twilight Princess Sonic: Generations Metroid: Prime 3 Resident Evil: 3 Nemesis Pokemon:… 
What does that even mean? I'm not the biggest star wars fan but it's pretty obvious thier heading for a 3rd act red… 
Star Wars Cringe Guy via 
Light side and dark side both beat on Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 2 46 New followers in the month I've be… 
Mario: SunshineZelda: WindwakerSonic: OriginalMetroid: SuperResident Evil: ?Pokemon: Fire RedGTA: ?Star Wars… 
The next "Star Wars" trailer is out, "Game of Thrones" premiered last night, and we're two weeks away from "Avenger… 
Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: Wind Waker / Majora's MaskSonic: UnleashedMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2 Pokemon… 
Turning on notifications for is like rolling the dice. Is it Lights? Final fantasy? Star Wars?? 
It's funny because 99% of the world Love's Star wars so you must be single. 
Handing the Star Wars franchise back to Abrams, who is notorious for shitty endings, is the dumbest thing Disney could've done. 
The recent 'you mustn't side with the First Order in Star Wars!' debacle has me thinking:What are big, successful… 
Sometimes it hits me too.These fucking people believe this shit.I'm not into star wars and I'm not… 
Mario: WorldZelda: Majora’s MaskSonic: AdvanceMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: 4Pokemon: HG/SSGTA: 3Star Wars: P… 
Show with Star Wars resistance watching resistance #swcc Starwarscelebration #MakeItHappen 
Is this some ~1986-88 Ronald Reagan shit, like w Star Wars Defense and our "literal space shield?" ... Do… 
Super Mario GalaxyThe Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild ou Wind Waker, difícilSonic ManiaMetroid Prime 2 Echoes… 
Kevin Smith and Friends (like ) play a Star Wars RPG for charity? Stuff I… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Release Date Locked for November #Repost #EAGames #PS4… 
Everything We Know About Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order 
70% of the texts I get from my bf are about GOT or Star Wars, i am very lucky 
Gabriel Garcia tweetou: Star Wars Episode 7 The Rise of Skywalker. The E… 
I don't know where this "plan" came from, because during the first few years after the Disney buyou… 
Worst take ever. Mainly because there's plenty of girls that are better than you that like Star wars. 
Mario: Legends of the Seven StarsZelda: Minish CapSonic: -null-Metroid: Prime Hunters (don't me bro)Resident… 
How Star Wars’ Creature Team End Up With Chewbacca’s New Movie Look 
That's it folks! We did it! Blog posts about Star Wars just topped one billion! Congrats! 
We should do what we did to Solo... not go see it.  Let Star Wars d… 
The weekend is over... Tiger Woods won the masters... Game of Thrones is back and Star Wars would have been a flop… 
Mario: galaxyZelda: ocarina of timeSonic: GenerationsMetroid: primeResident Evil: 4Pokemon: Ruby/SaphireGTA:… 
chatting a bit before playing a game talking star wars and deciding what to play feel free to come hang out… 
What is Taylor Swift hinting at? How many Star Wars movies are there at this point? 
Mario: Super Mario SunshineZelda: Majora's MaskSonic: Sonic Adventure 2 Battle (for Chao)Metroid: Metroid Prime… 
make skate 4. no loot boxes, free dlc, customizable skateboards, add bikes and scooters, bring a special editio… 
There’s no denying that is simply delighted to be in Star Wars. #starwarsResistance… 
Sounds like Star Wars club music 
Mario: 3D LandZelda: Minish CapSonic: RidersMetroid: FusionResident Evil: Remake gamecubePokemon: Emerald GTA… 
This Weeks Line Of Site With Is Now Live Discussing So Much!  Star Wars, Sekiro Controversy, Bioware Pro… 
Specially Designed Coca-Cola Products Coming Exclusively to Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge 
If Star Wars Fallen Order ends up being the type of Star Wars game that I'm thinking it'll be like then I'm for real excited for it 
“it’s Star Wars man, Star Wars will mess you up” 
No one did it to me. I saw a tweet making fun of someone being excited over the Star Wars trailer. 
O que vcs acharam do Star wars Jedi Fallen Order? 
Was excited at first after watching the new star wars trailer, but the more I think about it the more I'm like meh.… 
Here’s how to watch Star Wars online, so the Force will always be with you 
Seth Rogen Was Delighted To Make A Cameo In A Re-Edited ‘Star Wars’ Trailer 
LEGO Star Wars Mini Tantive IV Make &amp; Take Build Revealed 
"A new LEGO Star Wars game might have been accidentally announced"  
Similar to how no one cares if you’ve never seen a Star Wars! Go watch some more Grey’s Anatomy and leave us be 
Star Wars - J.J. Abrams Discusses The Film's Perplexing Title #StarWars #StarWarsEpisode9… 
It was a bold choice to go with Star Wars Episode IX: The Fuckening 
SWCC 2019: Marvel’s Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge #1 Art and More Revealed 
Crazy you have the same name as the main character in Star Wars Jedi fallen order game. 
Star wars special... Moving a couch onto the Millennium Falcon LOL 
Kathleen Kennedy: Star Wars to Map Out Next Decade of Storytelling with Rian Johnson and Game of Thrones Writers… 
Unreal. Wow. I know it has roots in Buddhism, Sikhism and Judaism. You can see that just by watching S… 
Mario: BLEHZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: The Hedgehog 1, 2, CD e GenerationsMetroid: nahResident Evil: 1Poke… 
How the hell are you gonna cry over a movie trailer?REACTION! Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker - Tease… 
» Celebrate the Nostalgia of Every First &amp;#39;Star Wars&amp;#39; Movie Teaser 
All the "screeching, howling, flailing" shows it's something more than comic books, superheroes, St… 
Director of Cancelled Star Wars Game Reacts to Jedi: Fallen Order 
$EA $DIS $ATVI $TTWO:EA’s Next ‘Star Wars’ Game Looks Promising—and Raises 
Never seen footage of Carrie Fisher in new Star Wars Trailer #StarWars #Trailer #film 
"The Morning After: 'Star Wars' and Coachella" 
Order 66 Whataburger Emperor is a 100/100 Star Wars cosplay.(_NITRISS_ on r/StarWars) 
$DIS $UAL:United Airlines makes bid for “Star Wars” fans with new 
Ook John Boyega in de war over betekenis Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker 
¿Que es Star Wars? 
#EA's Cancelled Star Wars Game, Amy Hennig Shares More Details #ElectronicArts #StarWars 
So there's this leaked footage of the new Disney+ show "The Mandalorian".  I am so ready for this!  
A sad realization....you’ll never EVER love anything or anyone as much as this guy loves this Star Wars trailer. 
The Star Wars episodes. 
Harry Potter, GoT, Lord of the Rings &amp; Star wars. Never seen them too. 
This Wednesday's #Denver meetup will feature a recap of #CFSummit 2019 from yours truly and a talk fr… 
Mario: Mario 64 Zelda: The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask (Sorry, Ocarine)Sonic: Sonic AdventureMetroid: Super M… 
God I hope so. Then this nice man can just love Star Wars in peace with one less piece of shit giving hi… 
9 new #trailers you should watch this week 
I think Rian is a symptom of a larger issue I have with Star Wars related stuff today. But yeah he defin… 
looks like she owns a planet from Star Wars 
He's very relatable met him during the Star Wars exhibit at DAM. Think he is s SW fan 
The original full-cast audio of #StarWars #Dooku: Jedi Lost, featuring Count Dooku and Asajj Ventress, is available… 
1.) The prequels have soured any interest of mine to watch anything set in the Clone Wars era. I really just don’t… 
Star Wars: Everything You Need To Know About Emperor Palpatine 
Mario: 64Zelda: OoTSonic: 2Metroid: Zero MissionResident Evil: 2Pokémon: RubyGTA: San AndreasStar Wars: Knig… 
Mario: Super Mario Galaxy 2Zelda: Breath of the WildSonic: RushMetroid: Samus Returns (3ds)Resident Evil: passo… 
Its really irritating how many “Am I the only one who’s never seen GoT?” posts in the last few days.… 
Mario: Super Mario 64Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: Sonic the Hedgehog 2Metroid: FusionResident Evil: 4 Pokémon:… 
LEGO Star Wars Solo: A Star Wars Story Kessel Run Millennium Falcon (75212) $119.99 
Go to the cartoon on Terminal Lance website for a full explanation on Star Wars actor Adam Drivers tats. 
Mario: Mario is missingZelda: Link between worldsSonic: Sonic the Hedgehog (2006)Metroid: nenhumResident Evil:… 
I'm not A GOT fan. But Star Wars for life baby!! 
Mario: Paper MarioSonic: Sonic (MasterSystem)Metroid: nenhumResident Evil: nenhumPokemon: SilverGTA: 3Star Wa… 
Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker – But What Does It MEAN?! #TheRiseofSkywalker… 
Hell yeah brudda! Phantom Menace is the best Star Wars you can't change my mind. 
Top Audiobook:Darth Plagueis: Star Wars (Unabridged) - James Luceno" 
Top Audiobook:Thrawn (Star Wars) (Unabridged) - Timothy Zahn" 
Top Audiobook:Dark Force Rising: Star Wars Legends (The Thrawn Trilogy) (Unabridged) - Timothy Zahn" 
Top Audiobook:Aftermath: Star Wars: Journey to Star Wars: The Force Awakens (Unabridged) - Chuck Wendig" 
Mario: WorldZelda: Breath of the wildSonic: ManiaMetroid: -Resident Evil: 4Pokemon: EmeraldG… 
What if Disney played some sort of sick prank where they said if you drink...they'd fix star wars...no p… 
Star Wars: How The Rise of Skywalker Trailer References The Phantom Menace 
Working on our #Reylo token renderings. We are hoping to have some ready for Wednesday's #StarWarsDestiny livestrea… 
Does anyone else feel like the evil laugh at the end of the new Star Wars trailer to be little...I don't...contrive… 
Star Wars Celebration: Secrets of The Phantom Menace revealed during 20th anniversary panel 
Mario: World 2 (Yoshi’s Island)Zelda: A Link to the PastSonic: ManiaMetroid: SuperResident Evil: 2 (remake)Pok… 
I barely touch the Star Wars fandom so I wouldn’t know  
Women cry at absolutely anything so fuck off when we cry at Star Wars 
Yeah after 6 or 8 months I said fuck it to spoilers so Im aware it'll likely fall flat.... but Star… 
6 days left on my comic campaign for Through the Woods, all backers will be fulfilled! Thank you for the continued… 
 Breaks Guinness World Record for Largest Display of 'Star Wars' Minifigures #lego #StarWars 
So........what's your thoughts on the new Star Wars trailer? 
J.J. Abrams consulted with Star Wars creator George Lucas via 
New LEGO Star Wars Game In The Works #StarWarsCelebration 
Everything We Know About the 'Star Wars' TV Show 'The Mandalorian' 
STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER - Everything We Learned From The Star Wars Celebration Panel#StarWars… 
Zack Snyder had a plan for Star Wars; should have given him the franchise. 
Holy crap, I remember those! I had dozens of those odd-ball “USB sticks” with a characters… 
Mario: WorldZelda: A Link to the PastSonic: 1Metroid: SuperResident Evil: 3Pokemon: não jogueiGTA: San Andrea… 
Episode 3 is the best Star wars in the franchise. 
It's like Star Wars, but where people fight in space and the swords are lasers. 
The Grand Tradition of the Running of the Wilrow Hoods from Star Wars Celebration 
Sike Star Wars land won’t be open yet I hate my life 
Or when RotJ came out there were no such thing as Dark Side Force ghosts. Even for you guys this is a dumb article.… 
It's something that the new Star Wars films have that I wish more of the Marvel films h… 
I don't know...1 thing I like about the new Star Wars films is that (with maybe the exc… 
ICYMI: Jon Favreau gives 'Star Wars' fans 1st look at 'The 
BV Tonight 4-11-19 "Trump threatens to send illegals to sanctuary cities, what's the deal with Star Wars?" 
my eyes after spending the whole weekend crying over how much I love Star Wars 
Mark Hamill Hilariously Confirms Luke’s #StarWars Fate - 
This type of woman gets together with the beta Star Wars dude and we’ve got a whole new set of soft… 
First Footage Of Star Wars Live-Action Series The Mandalorian Teases ‘Death And Chaos’ - 
Star Wars Episode IX The Rise of Skywalker Logo T-Shirt – IN STOCK! 
Its the 20th Anniversary of Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace!I was around 10 when it came out! &amp; its what g… 
"This is so wizard, Ani." - the greatest line in Star Wars history 
New LEGO Star Wars Game in Development #LEGOStarWars #StarWars #TravellersTales #WarnerBrosInteractive 
Brian I have amazing news so yesterday at the Star Wars convention someone up was talking about the up… 
Leaked list of new Star Wars ep. 9 character names: 
Star Wars is dead. It died in the time of Jar Jar.This girl power nonsense is just pissing on its grave.A… 
Mario: Super WorldZelda: OcarinaSonic: kkkkkkMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: 4Pokemon: YellowGTA: Vice CityStar… 
All I see is a Star Wars version of the Pixar lamp 
Coca-Cola, Disney to offer specialty droid-like drink bottles at Star Wars: Galaxy Edge theme park | Fox News 
Mario: All Stars Zelda: Majora’s MaskSonic: 1Metroid: PrimeResident Evil: ZeroPokemon: SilverGTA: IVStar War… 
What do you think? Are you excited for the new movie? 
SWCC 2019: 6 Surprises from Inside the Mos Eisley Cantina #Star Wars 
Someone help me and my dear friend settle an argument. Which Star Wars movie is better? The answer is pretty obvious 
Passion is attractive tbh ol' boy could get it (on the condition he could actually explain to me what t… 
The best Star Wars was the one where Spock died. After that the rest sucked 
"Coca-Cola, Disney to offer specialty droid-like drink bottles at Star Wars: Galaxy Edge theme park" via FOX NEWS… 
How do you still like Star Wars? Han became a deadbeat dad and a terrible smuggler and Luke couldn’… 
Some guy who cried watching the new trailer for whatever Star Wars movie they’re making now 
New Star Wars Pre-Orders  The Black Series Wave 21 #theblackseries… 
I hope that one of these days I could be in a star wars film or help make one being a filmmaker. #StarWarsCelelbration 
Star Wars sucks now, I’ll bend the knee to join this. 
#StarWarsJediFallenOrder will feature both new and iconic series characters - 
Whether or not you have seen Star Wars vs your networth 
I'm watching Star Wars: A New Hope with my daughter. Here are her first comments. . .*Vader walks through blast d… 
It could be for some. To me, this is the Fool's Gold Age of Star Wars. Many are being fooled to believe… 
75. STAR WARS 
Star Wars: The Rise of The Skywalker Looks Very Meh! #BitChute 
It’s been the best month of cinematic history - Game Of Thrones - Avengers - Star Wars 
Star Wars: The Rise of The Skywalker Looks Very Meh! via 
#Microsoft #Spring #Sale #Drops #Prices on All Things #Xbox One, #Including #Star #Wars… 
In my opinion Thiago the BEST GAMES for rachar title.Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: Sonic Unleashed… 
Force Awakens is a top 3 Star Wars movie 
Nobody gives a damn that you haven't seen "a single minute" of Game of Thrones or Star Wars. It doesn't make you c… 
I'll be honest, I could give a fuck about Star Wars, Game of Thrones, or Homestuck, but I'm not gonna shit on anyon… 
I was thinking specifically about GoT and Star Wars, but yeah absolutely that too. 
was it actually you? it was a star wars account i think 
On the new episode of Surprising Yet Inevitable, and I discuss all ten Star Wars movies,  ranked from… 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: A Link to the PastSonic: tanto fazMetroid: SuperResident Evil: 2Pokemon: RBGTA… 
Star Wars Episode IX - The Rise Of Skywalker - Official Teaser Trailer 
Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic 3 Would’ve Focused on Ancient Sith 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order releases on November 15 
Love your blog! And this is the first time I noticed the Yoda comment at the top. As a Star Wars nerd, I love that! Awesome 
Mario: Super Mario 64Zelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Sonic 3Metroid: Metroid PrimeResident Evil: Resident Evil… 
"Ad:" Star Wars Death Star Final Duel - Lego 75093 - Sealed Box - 724 Pieces - Retired  Fl… 
"Ad:" Lego Star Wars 7751 Ahsoka's Starfighter And Vulture Droid pre-owned complete  Flyin… 
Mario: WorldZelda: Ocarina of Time Sonic: 3&amp;KnucklesMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2Pokemon: Black/White… 
Confession: I grew tired of Star Wars after Attack of the Clones. I saw the movie that came after that, but I was underwhelmed. 
If the prequels would have been good in Rogue One or Solo style Lucas would still own Star Wars and we… 
This is unfortunate bc I think people *do* want original content. Main problem - going to the movies is too fucking… 
I always found it strange that the Jedi in Star Wars didn't lift weights. Sure the Force is nice but… 
Modern #diplomacy is such a good publication! This story lets one know why there needs to be #armscontrol policies… 
Mum names baby after Game of Thrones, Harry Potter and Star Wars: ‘It’s special to us' 
Here's how the Emperor factors into things. 
'Star Wars' movies to take hiatus after episode IX 
good thing you've never heard of star wars before or this would be getting REALLY awkward 
Why Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge Designed An Entirely New Planet 
Late Start - The all things Star Wars edition 
He says George’s influence is present in EVERYTHING he does in Star Wars. #starwarscelebration #ThePhantomMenace 
estou lendo "Star Wars: Kenobi" #skoob 
Everything we learned from ‘The Mandalorian’ press conference at Star Wars Celebration - 
There’s definitely some cold irony in being an anime account or gamer account making fun of people who are obsessed… 
Mario: WorldZelda: Breath of the WildSonic: &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Só joguei o SuperResident Evil: 4Pokemon: Black… 
Theories on why THAT character is missing from the “Star Wars IX” teaser 
‘Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order’ Official Trailer: 
'Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker' — Is Rey Luke's Daughter? - Hollywood Reporter 
considering going to Glasgow to see Empire Strikes Back in concert. i think i've decided that the cultural, social… 
Mario: yoshi islandZelda: majoras maskSonic: 2Metroid: snesResident Evil: 2Pokemon: RubyGTA: londonStar Wars… 
The Last Jedi (lazy plot armor and all) is the only good Star Wars movie. OG Trilogy, Prequel Trilogy, and The Forc… 
I look at the content list not really impressed, I’m not bearish on Dis but if they combined Dis+ wit… 
Hey does anyone know where I could find a library of star wars droid noises? 
Star Wars: Why Does Rey Have A White Lightsaber in Episode IX? 
Star Wars was about dodging Flash Gordon copyright in 1977 BUT it definitely evolved… 
Damnit that new Star Wars trailer looks dope guess I have to get around to watching The Last Jedi finally 
Watch the Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 20th Anniversary Celebration 
Watch the Star Wars: The Phantom Menace 20th Anniversary Celebration Watch the Star Wars:… 
“Drink a Coca-Cola you must “ 
‘Star Wars: The Old Republic’ Gets a New Expansion with “Onslaught” - 
 I just read Jason Cohen's take on the star wars trailer and somebody needs to gag him and make him watch star… 
The Rise of Skywalker!! 
Star Wars? There used to be a bunch of Star Wars movies when I was a kid. I didn't realize they're s… 
Looks Like There's A New LEGO Star Wars Game On The Way #UpcomingReleases #LEGO #StarWars 
Mr hamil if you have 30 spare minutes please watch my stars wars video. And if you… 
Star Wars The Vintage Collection Luke Skywalker Crait 3.75 Action Figure &amp; Protective Case COLLECTOR GRADE / PRE-OR… 
The nerd in me is geeking out over all this LEGO and Star Wars  
Star wars celebration 2 years ago 
When Timothy Zahn Couldn’t Buy a Funko POP of Thrawn at Star Wars Celebration 
This week Chris and Mike go deep into #StarWars theories  We also talk #StarWarsCelebration #DisneyPlus #Hellboy… 
Am I the only person who has not watched Star Wars since the Ewoks were in it. Missing out! 
Oh man, nerd episode incoming. Star wars, gushing, language update. 
John Boyega Says Finn Is Part Of A Love Pentagon In #StarWarsTheRiseOfSkywalker - 
Further story and gameplay details for #StarWars #JediFallenOrder teased by EA - 
It's feels like another hat tip towards the original trilogy  blended into another generation's #StarWars 
"Ad:" Fantasy: Star Wars Vintage TW Light Blue Painted Helmet Boba Fett *Rare*  FlyingTrea… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: 2019 Hasbro Darth Maul Star Wars Celebration Chicago Exclusive Black Series RARE… 
Meanwhile I'm over here nerding out about Star Wars Celebration.It sounds like there was somethin… 
I can live with that. You have Star Wars, I have Modular Synthesis. 
Star Was Jedi Will Never Have Microtransactions, Amy Hennig Finds EA Change of Heart “Odd”: 
But first, we must kill Star Wars... 
We rarely went to the movies as a kid. I did go to see Star Wars in 1977 though. 
SAMEDidn’t want to spam or spoil in the star wars one 
Witness the Bad Batch clone troopers demolish spider droids in Star Wars The Clone Wars Season 7!  These guys mean… 
Star wars may the 4th be with you shirt, lady tee, lady v-neck 
Little Miss Unicorn’s brother also got a new room! I like to call it “Rustic Star Wars”. I had my hubs m… 
ANY opportunity to talk Star Wars, plus cat chatting with the fabulous and Susie Shubert. Listen alo… 
Xbox One Deals: Save on Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order and More 
Boss Logic Creates Epic Fan-Made Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker Poster Featuring Mark Hamill… 
Saw you on the new Star Wars show Congrats 
Mario: SUPER MARIO BROS 3Zelda: OCARINA OF TIMESonic: 3 &amp; KNUCKLES (CARTUCHO MEGAZORD)Metroid: ZERO MISSIONResi… 
If you dont know what this means...we cant be friends.LolNah I'm just kidding. But you seriously need to catch up… 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: The HedgehogMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2Pokemon… 
A Star Wars series??? Whew 
Should be titled "Star Wars: The Wreckage" or "Star Wars: A New Hope for Pearl-Clutchers" 
Mario: Sunshine Zelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Adventure 2 Battle/HeroesMetroid: Prime 3 CorruptionResident Ev… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order releases on November 15 
Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge: New Merch from Toydarian Toymaker, Creature Stall &amp;amp; Black Spire Outfitters - /FILM… 
Disney Star Wars lol 
are you going to be doing swncbc about everything big happend at Star Wars celebration just asking 
Will the theatrical cut of Star Wars 4, 5, and 6 be on Disney+? 
Mario: worldZelda: breath of the wildSonic: unleashedMetroid: primeResident evil: 2Pokemon: o… 
Best Star Wars games ever... Need to bring it back 4 real 
Movie TV studio for star_wars_show  #fromthefloor #filmmaking #tv #cameras #stage #backstage… 
Blake Shelton Sets A Tractor On Fire + New Star Wars Footage 
Minha Lista:Super Mario 64The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of TimeSonic 3Super MetroidResident Evil 4Pokemon Fire… 
From the people who brought you, "don't make Star Trek political" and "don't make Star Wars political" we present ... 
On to "One Week" and the OG Star Wars fans are joining us in the dance moves 
GOT8 . Star Wars Episode IX . Avengers-Endgame . Wonder Woman 2 and Lion King-my diary is fully booked ok.  so excited 
Disney+ Doesn't Have To Beat Netflix For Disney To Win The Streaming Wars  
Mario: OdysseyZelda: BOTWSonic: Adventure 2Metroid: Fusion or PrimeResident Evil: N/APokemon: Black GTA: N/A… 
Right now I'm in front of the Star Wars Live stage on the exhibition floor. Probably stay here throu… 
Timothy Zahn is Planning More Star Wars Books, Teases Thrawn Tetralogy at Star Wars Celebration - /FILM… 
Bill burr is in a Star Wars movie and your in Batman!  Can’t wait for joe rogan to show up in veggie tales. 
I was wondering when somebody would mention the fact that the new Star Wars trailer came out the day before the las… 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: Tennis (Game Boy Color)Zelda: Breath of the WildSonic: Chaos (Master System) Me… 
Comedian joins Susie and me to travel to a galaxy far, far away. It’s a very special Star Wars episode… 
Mario:  Odyssey Zelda: Breath of the Wild Sonic: Sonic RidersMetroid: -Resident Evil: 4Pokemo… 
interesting Star Wars fact: in the language of at least one alien race the word for force user translates as "skywalker"... 
Star Wars Battlefront II EAMetal Gear Rising Revengeance (X360)Battlefield 4 (ONE)Elite Dangerous Horizons (ONE)… 
Metal Gear Solid V: Ground ZeroesSplinter Cell Conviction (x360)Splinter Cell Blacklist (X360)Ghost Recon: Futur… 
Star Wars Battlefront: Elite Squadron (PSP)Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker (PSP)Star Wars the Force Unleashed (PSP)… 
Sonic Heroes (GC)Mario Kart Double DashAnimal CrossingSpiderman The Movie (GC)Pokémon ColosseumGTA: Liberty Ci… 
007 Nightfire (GC)Zelda: the Wind WakerNeed 4 Speed: Underground (GC)Star Wars Rogue Squadron II: Rogue LeaderR… 
Mario: WorldZelda: LTTPSonic: All-Star Racing TransformedMetroid: SuperResident Evil: 2Pokemon: EmeraldGTA: V… 
‘Star Wars: The Old Republic’ Gets Its First Expansion in Three Years 
‘Star Wars: The Old Republic’ Gets Its First Expansion in Three Years BioWare’s massively… 
or Star Wars which is sort of both 
There are always going to be trolls. But if I hear anyone talk about how "toxic Star Wars fans are" again, I'm goin… 
'Star Wars' Films on Hiatus After 'The Rise of the Skywalker' 
I had big plans for Star Wars too. Then there was that whole Disney fiasco. 
My god this is exciting. TV show?!? 
Best In The World  Star Wars fan  
Star Wars Battlefront, battlefront 2, Knights of the Old Republic, Force Unleashed and many more. Best… 
Absurd Video Shows Idiot Crying Over New Star Wars Trailer 
Star Wars - The Clone Wars Season 7 Trailer! #StarWars #StarWars:TheCloneWars 
“Let’s spin one persons emotional attachment and love for a series into something we can insult men… 
Star Wars Episode X: Return of the ContractorsStung by the lack of purchase orders for giant floating sp… 
Mario: 64Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: 2Metroid: SuperResident Evil: 4Pokemon: RubyGTA: 5Star Wars: Force Unl… 
Happy #Monday check it out #THERAT finally watched #GoodWillHunting and has words on #TheDarkWebPodcast about it. H… 
But you aren’t mentioning Star 
facilMario: GalaxyZelda: Breath of the Wild (ou Link Between Worlds)Sonic: 2Metroid: PrimeResident Evil: 6 né… 
Y’all talking nonstop bout GOT on here, but when the new Star Wars comes out, I will actually take on powers of the force as a TRUE fan 
This is a necessary good, and encouraging to see. It should also serve to remind us: the Twitter-verse and the real… 
i guess but also since lucas isn't even working on star wars anymore, who knowsplus i'm not that excite… 
Yoga Bonito is the protagonist of the new Star Wars, right? 
Love how people will go out of their way to tell you how little they know/care about sports but expect you to carry… 
Star Wars is a space swords and horses (speeders) franchise. 
STAR WARS CELEBRATION 2019 FUNKO POP GALACTIC HUNTING VLOG  #STARWARS 
Coca-Cola Claims It Doesn't Market Soft Drinks To Kids, Announces New Star Wars Themed Bottles For Disneyland And D… 
The #Mandalorian fills a gap in the modern #StarWars canon, and also embraces its fandom - Polygon 
Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: A Link to the PastSonic: 2Metroid: PrimeResident Evil: 1Pokemon: Gold/SilverGTA: San An… 
Cal's Lightsaber in #StarWarsJediFallenOrder will evolve throughout the game - 
V yeah I never read Harry Potter never will it's fucking weird shit and I was never into Star Wars… 
New auction: Choose Your Own Vintage STAR WARS Action Figures ANH Kenner Original 12 1977 70s 
Arriving into work with the feeling of longing to exist in the alternate universe where I've never seen or even hea… 
And since there's no preview, it's a spoof of the meme "Star Wars Ep. IX: The Emperor's New Groove". 
Then they turn around and release the new Star Wars game more traditionally.I don't get it. 
Star Wars: The Toilet Plunger Saga. Because they love bringing up old shit. 
I had my own personalized trailer moment - the first major trailer of the final season of Star Wars: The… 
I assume there's some part of the Star Wars extended canon that explains why Obi Wan's plan to hide Luke from Darth… 
This still breaks my heart. please bring back #projectragtag 
Watching the “The Cast Remembers” Game of Thrones featurette and I why do these types of things (for Harry Potter,… 
he company, which posted a $4.5 billion operating profit last year for its parks and resorts division, is expanding… 
Mario: WorldZelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: Metroid:Resident Evil:Pokemon:GTA:Star Wars: Battlefront (the ori… 
Really weird that Star Wars is opting to let the grainy pirated trailers of The Mandalorian represent their project… 
Star Wars IX: Electric Boogaloo 
Star Wars improv comedy this morning! #swcelebration 
Star Wars is a force for good in the lives of a lot of people and that’s maybe the best thing about it. 
Mario: Super Mario WorldZelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: Sonic 3 and KnucklesMetroid: never playe… 
Check out Star Wars # 13 
Is that Alex Damon? The Movie Trivia Schmoedown Star Wars Champion? #schmoedown 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order Given Story Reveal Trailer 
What about the new star wars.... 
Check out Star Wars # 6 
First Glance: “Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker” 
Droids by Star Wars   | metal posters - Displate - 
Star Wars please simulcast the TPM panel and face. 
She looks like Pallatine, the villain, from Star Wars! 
He had no idea what his journey through Star Wars—professionally, personally, and as a fan—would go.He just could… 
THREAD DE MELHORES JOGOS. Do antigo pro + novo:Gex (3DO)The Need 4 Speed (3DO)Road Rush (3DO)Mario Kart 64Supe… 
HELL YEAH.  the watch order.  I thought it was still on Netflix but i… 
When says she likes harry potter but not star wars cuz its nerdy  
We're Sorry To Report That Andrew "Cobra" Tate Has "All Of The Sex" While You Have None And Watch Star Wars Like A… 
I don’t need a bunch of people dropping Fbombs in Star Wars.  PG-13 is more than enough. 
Downloaded Star Wars Battlefront 2. I might be streaming the pew pews in the near future 
I can't believe is in Star Wars 
Watch the First STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER Teaser - 
I dont get the whole "Prequels and sequels are bad" mindset for this series. I feel like it kind of di… 
STAR WARS-FALLEN ORDER-"Original description: Star Wars Jedi : Fallen Order is an action-adventure computer gam… 
70 YEAR OLD NOVELIST IAN MCEWAN: i don’t like star warsME: okay facepalm? twitter drag this man. genre fiction is… 
Angry Bird Star Wars backpack via 
#StarWars #JediFallenOrder's combat is all about striking, blocking and dodging - 
(Y'all please,  please watch tcw. Please join me in this emotional journey.  It's so good,  it's actually my fave Star Wars.) 
SWCC 2019: 9 Things We Learned from the Star Wars: The Clone Wars Panel 
Sorry not sorry for the level of star wars bullshit im about to be back on,  especially TCW. 
Mario: 64Zelda: OcarinaSonic: ManiaMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: 4Pokemon: SnapGTA: Vice CityStar Wars: don't… 
Right! I literally can't imagine the headspace of "I need to express my spirituality and love of Star… 
Via - AMAZING "Star Wars Jedi:  Fallen Order" preview.  Um, can Respawn Entertainment take over making the… 
November 12 is going to be a great day. Clone Wars easily some of the best you will ever see from Star Wars as far… 
They just compared the season 8 premiere to the Star Wars prequels! I’m about to freak out... 
The Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge attraction will utilize robotics, machine learning, augmented reality and more to crea… 
“...Go watch the new Star Wars trailer, it absolutely rules!!!!!!!!”^^^ I can understand… 
Star Wars: The Clone Wars Trailer Arrives 
If you feel a disturbance in the Force, it's just 70,000 Star Wars fans descending on Chicago 
They wanted the events of the previous Star Wars movies to be legend and debatable but a mere half a lifetime doesn… 
Adorable #StarWars Fan Photo Brings Anakin Skywalker &amp; Grandson Kylo Together - 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order revealed at Star Wars Celebration with a story-centric trailer 
It's great.  It's not Star Wars great, but it's great. 
I love the interludes overall too because they're basically a collection of plot hooks for Star Wars RPG adventures. 
"...the first time Star Wars has been filmed in the United States." Uh, what? Part of… 
I've never seen #GameofThrones  But, I have seen Star Wars. 
Mario: Odyssey Zelda: MajoraSonic: ManiaMetroid: Super MetroidResident Evil: 2Pokémon: Y/Whit… 
Star Wars Celebration: Galaxy's Edge promises authenticity, original adventure and Yoda 
Star Wars Celebration starts April 15, 2019 at 10:00AM at McCormick Place, Chicago, IL 60616, USA 
Emperor Palpatine's Role In Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker Revealed 
Shout out to the 10 people who watched my child's entire 20 minute video about Star Wars Legos 
It's been three days and I'm still just thinking about Star Wars. The #RiseOfSkywalker trailer is my favorite movie. 
They not really Star wars fan if that's the case. Looks like someone trying to score virtue signali… 
It'd be wonderful if there were elections for company presidents like there are with nation leaders. If there was o… 
Mario: Paper MarioZelda: Skyward Sword or Twilight PrincessSonic: Sonic and the Secret Rings (no… 
Check out this lovely "All Posters" travel tumbler!  
STAR WARS: EVER CONFUSED ABOUT THE ORDER? 
Like the Star Wars trash compactor. 
Lol I'm not a fan of most of his takes but I definitely can't stand by and watch him slander star wars fans like this 
Star Wars Empire Bi-Fold Boxed Wallet #accessory #fashion #jewelry #accessories #style #ootd #fashionista… 
Hosted By MFrazz: A First Look! The First ‘Star Wars Episode IX: The Rise of Skywalker’ Trailer 
Actually I'm not sure I agree with you because I do think the person who is destroying the star war… 
#Nw for Star Wars marathon 
Mario: Lost Levels Zelda: Phantom HourglassSonic: (2006)Metroid: Metroid Prime 2Resident Evil: 6Pokemon: Diamo… 
Good Morning #Medallions! Time for a community question trending on twitter!#BestInEachSeriesMario:Zelda: Soni… 
Will probably be better than mos… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order features “cinematic” and immersive combat 
Join #CoffeeWithKenobi’s and of for Two Panels at #StarWarsCelebration Chicago! Find… 
The 8 episode series set in the aftermath of "The Return of the Jedi" will debut on the Disney-Plus streaming servi… 
Mario: Galaxy 2Zelda: BoTWSonic: Mania Metroid: Super Metroid Resident Evil: RE4Pokemon: SoulSilver GTA: VSt… 
I was made to watch HP by Diz as his daughter bought him a trip to the studios.... dire. I dragged it… 
I saw Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back and maybe a couple more, but that was y-e-a-r-s ago. B+ to… 
Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker – Teaser 
Call in sick today and listen to some stories about getting sick. (Or listen to our Star Wars: Ep. IX and Game of T… 
Trailer da nova temporada de Star Wars: The Clone #DisneyPlus #AhsokaTano… 
If this isn’t your reaction to the new Star Wars trailer, are you even a fan? 
Star Wars Celebration |  Evento Reuni os Dois Anakyn Skywalkers 
It's amazing. 
You’ve now bashed Star Wars, super hero movies, and GOT. 3 things which billions of people would dis… 
Thx to all you guys for joining us this afternoon to watch us play some galactic assault &amp; heroes vs villains in 'S… 
Is it just me or does anyone else think they copied some of the costumes from older star wars movies for Episode 9?… 
I really wish I were excited about Star Wars episode IX. TLJ ended with so little momentum, left so little reason t… 
Star Wars shirt  
The Star Wars saga ending its gong to be a relief in my opinion 
Episodes 4 &amp; 5 were the ONLY good star wars movies. 
I love Star Wars, but it doesn't love me back. The people I've met because of Star Wars--enrich my life, spur me in… 
LEGO Star Wars video game approaching 
I'm still so undecided. Anything to do with Kylo/Snoke/Rey/Luke is my favourite part of anything Star Wa… 
Both, I bing watched all seven seasons of #GOT to prepare for #GOT8 and the Star Wars trailer was awes… 
When I look at my life, it's like the Millennium Falcon: doesn't look like much but got it where it counts. Somet… 
Huge thank you to all the kids that joined us in our Kids Costume Showcase, you all were amazing! We were also very… 
Why does every Star Wars movie need a villain? Just let the characters chill out and have fun! 
I watched the whole thing in about three days. I’ve recorded all of the Star Wars Resistance e… 
"Ad:" LEGO 7749 Star Wars SPECIAL EDITION!!!!!! Fantasy: FlyingTr 
Idk who’s worse, the “I’ve never seen Game of Thrones” people or the “I’ve never seen Star Wars” people 
I’m the same with violence, though if it’s action that can’t… 
These are my personal favoritesMario: SunshineZelda: Majoras Mask Sonic: Adventure DXMetroid:… 
In this episode, the Dev and I interview Neil Rennison from about their upcoming #PSVR… 
“Every Jedi needs a master, and Zechariah is that master to Uzziah.” It only took 215 pages to get to a solid Star… 
The guy who designed his entire theme on the fictional fascist empire of the Helghast is calling Star… 
Most of the people who called me a nerd for liking things like Marvel comics (in book form mind you), Star Wars, an… 
Marvel Announces New 'Star Wars' Creative Team, New Comics Focusing on Finn, Rey and More by 
Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order OFFICIAL Trailer! (New Star Wars Game 2019) StarWars 
Mario: 3D WorldZelda: Wind WalkerSonic: Sonic ManiaResident Evil: RE 2 RemakeMetroid: Samus Re… 
#comicbook #symbolism George Lucas once said Star Wars movies were like poety, sort of, they rhyme.   Sometimes c… 
Can we please stop saying that JJ Abrams is going to "save" Star Wars? There is nothing to save because nothing is… 
Complete Guide to Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order's Preorder Bonuses 
#starwars #starwarscelebration #sw_celebration #anaheim #4yearsago #Love #firsttime Four years ago I was gearing up… 
Star Wars Chewbacca Seat Belt Cover Category: Accessories Vendor: (US) Price: $14.99 Retail… 
Entertainment Earth – New #Hasbro Pre-Orders From #StarWarsCelebration - New Links Added 
Mario: Super Mario 64Zelda: Link to the PastSonic: Sonic 3 &amp; KnucklesMetroid: Metroid Prime 2Resident Evil: N/A… 
Mario: New Super Mario Bros 2Zelda: Tri Force HeroesSonic: HeroesMetroid: Metroid Prime 2Resident Evil: 6Pokem… 
Star Wars Celebration: Galaxy's Edge promises authenticity, original adventure and Yoda Fam… 
The Stephen King novel?Right now I'm kind of bouncing songs - my taste in music is all over the place. On… 
Episode 7 - Star Wars Game/Movie Announcements, More Sekiro and Division 2 Talk, Shazam and Pet Se... via 
AvengersGoTStar Wars. 
Mario: 3Zelda: LttPSonic: 2Metroid: SuperResident Evil: 2Pokemon: ?GTA: Vice CityStar Wars: KotoRMetal Gear… 
Oof! Yes! So damn excited for Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order! 
"Ad:" Comics: Star Wars #7 KCCC Kansas City Comic Con VARIANT - Extremely Rare - Marvel Fan… 
"Ad:" Fantasy: 1978 Vintage 12 inch Star Wars Action Figure Han Solo w/ Accessories RARE Kenner… 
#StarWarsCelebration2019 – The Black Series Archive Wave 2 &amp; The Vintage Collection Figure Pre-Orders On #Amazon… 
’Star Wars’ Movies Are Taking A Hiatus After ’The Rise of Skywalker’ 
 50pcs/pack New Super Cool Star Wars Stickers for Luggage Laptop Deca... Discount Price : $1.59 ( -52% ) Buy N… 
Like with many pop culture phenomenons, my Twitter timeline is at least 20-25% “I’ve never seen Game of Thrones and… 
Was Palpatine’s Ghost Supposed To Be In The Last Jedi In DELETED SCENE — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica… 
don't feel bad i made it thru ses 2.  and Im one of those cant get over it doesn't line up with the… 
You won't see it anymore. But Star Wars official Twitter put up a poll asking users if they'd be on The First Order… 
Star Wars: Knight Errant – Deluge Issue #2 — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica 
Star Wars: Knight Errant – Deluge Issue #1 — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica 
How did the Republic PAY for the Clone Army – Generation Tech — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica 
WATCH! Star Wars ep 9 trailer is here!! 
Star Wars The Mandalorian Footage Review and Thoughts — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica 
Two worlds colliding. I was reading the article with the petition for a Star Trek Spinoff with Anson Mount and then… 
The one and only Star Wars purple light saber – Samuel L. Jackson (Mace Windu) — Star Wars Saga Latinamerica… 
Lando Calrissian and Emperor Palpatine are coming back. Plus, TIE fighter battles and the wreckage of the Death Sta… 
Thanks DJ! I’m not gaming but I am at Star Wars Celebration! 
HAS JJ REDEEMED HIMSELF?? STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER! via 
Me trying to string together all the theories about the new Star Wars trailer 
Star Wars, Tiger, and his son getting confirmed! What a whirlwind of a weekend! 
Another great thing about #StarWarsCelebration is meeting in person the most positive force in the Star Wars galaxy… 
I actually like Game of Thrones but I'm worried they're becoming the new Star Wars: over-hyped, over-exposed &amp; sell… 
10 important things in the Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker trailer: 
Mario: SMWZelda: Link's AwakeningSonic: 3&amp;KMetroid: SuperPokemon: HG/SSStar Wars: Episode I Pod RacerFinal Fa… 
Most definitely will. The hype around Jedi Fallen Order and Rise of Skywalker has got me battle… 
Mario: Odyssey Zelda: Ocarina of TimeSonic: They’re all shit. Sorry Metroid: Haven’t beaten one.Resi… 
BEST GAME IN EACH SERIESMario: Zelda:Sonic:Metroid:Resident Evil: 4Pokemon:GTA: San Andreas Star Wars: Bat… 
I don’t trust anything Kathleen Kennedy has to say about Star Wars anymore... 
What an all time weekend. Got to watch VT football, Tiger won the Masters, The Caps are up 2-0 against the Canes, O… 
Pre-Order: STAR WARS Jedi: Fallen Order Deluxe Edition (X1) $62.99 via Xbox Live. MSRP $69.99. Says you must own Ba… 
The Star Wars Positivity fandom is amazing! Truly! 
Disney introduces Star Wars to kids with a series of animated shorts: #artificialintelligence #iot CC:… 
I'm on my way cause a Star Wars themed viewing party sounds fun as heck 
"Ad:" New Kotobukiya Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Luke Skywalker Artfx Statue Figure Fant… 
"Ad:" New Kotobukiya ArtFX Star Wars Darth Vader ROTJ 1/7 Statue w/ Light Up LED’s Fantasy:… 
Diretor da SW Celebration. #VaderImmortal #StarWars 
I honestly have no idea WTF is going on in that new Star Wars trailer, but I am pretty happy that Billy Dee got his… 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order — Official Reveal Trailer #Trailer#Starwars#FallenOrder 
She believes Israel has no right to exist!She believes the false premise that Palestinians… 
Star Wars and superheroes are a close call, but Star Wars has John Williams.  
Respawn Stopped Work On Another Game For Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order via /r/Games 
just watched the new Star Wars trailer, You wouldn't believe who's laughing at the end of… 
Star Wars to Debut New Series, “The Mandalorian” 
Are the Game of Thrones people still going to be making Star Wars movies? 
Darth Vader by Star Wars   | metal posters - Displate - 
I saw the first three Star Wars but none of those other shows. My favorite all time series was the Sopra… 
I'm looking forward to it. Been looking forward to single-player, non-FPS Star Wars game.That, be… 
Yes if #JJ had done the whole trilogy everyone would have been happy,  but im looking forward to seeing the… 
Same kind of tool that boasts about not seeing Star Wars. 
I haven't watched one episode or ever seen Star Wars and I was in Grade School when it came out. 
Trace and Rafa Martez. My heart smiled when these two characters appeared on the screen. Star Wars animation contin… 
Glad for this. Love is greater than hate.Kelly Marie Tran Gets Emotional As Fans Chant Her Name At Star Wars Cele… 
Last Jedi wasn’t as bad as everyone made it out to be. But it wasn’t good either. It’s mediocre at bes… 
Yup.  If ppl aren’t into Star Wars, Marvel, game of thrones, or sports, twitter must be… 
Star Wars: The Stop Hiding Beautiful People Behind Voice Work And Put Them On Screen Dammit! Challenge. 
The trailer for #TROS has made my most outlandish Star Wars theories not quite so outlandish. If Palpatine can surv… 
Today I learned that my dad thinks "Game of the Thrones" is a Star Wars movie 
Here's who you can expect to see. 
I've never seen Game Of Thrones but Star Wars? That was my childhood growing up watching the original t… 
Star Wars: The Rise of SkywalkerCredit: Wars 
Jon Favreau gives 'Star Wars' fans 1st look at 'The 
Huge convention is huge! Star Wars Celebration 2019. 
Another Star Wars the clone wars season 7 trailer 
hearing you guys talk about taxes and hearing the Star Wars cantina song is the best thing I’ve heard this morning... 
what was your highlight over the weekend: Game of Thrones or Star Wars? Or both? 
The Rise of Skywalker is nigh. Stephen Colbert, Lucasfilm head Kathleen Kennedy and director J.J. Abrams unveiled t… 
game of thrones i can understand....but star wars???????? 
I think the lesson we can all take away here is that Star Wars is pretty universally and consistently great. 
That's always annoying. I'm a guy and I would never do that to someone. Everyone at a con is a fan of… 
I've never been a fan of human looking aliens in star wars....Most come off dopey. 
Star Wars VR Game Vader Immortal Is Coming Soon 
Reminds me of &amp; with their annual "I've never seen a Star Wars" posts 
Nope. Or titanic, Pearl Harbor, the blue people movie, black panther or any star wars that was made a… 
'The Mandalorian' preview: this could be the most badass Star Wars ever 
“the laugh in the star wars episode ix trailer was palpatine! he’s coming back!” um are you sure about that? 
Never watched a Star Wars movie. All-in on #GoT 
I'm with you on 2 outta 3...I'm geeked for Star Wars though 
Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order Gameplay details + More! via OH YEAH!!! Next chapter e… 
Calling all Australian and New Zealand Star Wars fans #StarWars #StarWarsFans #EpisodeIX… 
Become A Jedi In The New Star Wars VR Game Vader Immortal #VaderImmortal #VR #StarWars #Gaming 
and i am excited for the new Star wars . cracked me up people brought… 
This is one of my all-time favorite songs. It puts me in mind of Ravenloft and its darklords (my favorite RPG setti… 
Fallen Order’ Trailer And Twitter Jokes - Star Wars Celebration Chicago has brought us several updates on upcomin… 
This is going to be big! [WATCH] 
Game of Thrones is by far the goat of any TV show of all time. And it's not close. Breaking Bad was spec… 
Rewatch Star Wars 9's Panel: "Rise Of Skywalker" Title And Trailer Revealed At Celebration 
Apparently someone doesn't know that star wars is about forgiveness. 
A Third Star Wars Knights Of The Old Republic Game Was Planned And Pitched, Chris Avellone Confirms: 
after this game , you guys could work in the remaster for Star Wars: Republic Commando . js 
Mario: SunshineZelda: Twilight PrincessSonic: GenerationsMetroid: PrimeResident Evil: 2 Pokemon: BlackGTA: Sa… 
Will the Breaking Bad movie succeed or will it go the way of Star Wars? &gt;&gt;&gt; #AMC #WalkingDead 
Check out STAR WARS: The Storms of Crait #1 Dec 2017 ~ Great art! Luke, Leia, Han. MARVEL  via #starwars 
Same. Its a star wars movie if you go in there expecting cinematic mastery you are an idiot 
The first trailer for "Star Wars 9" came out this weekend #nerdup 
Yup...just need LUKE and R2 crashed in a lake. Why wasn't this just the Boba Fett Tv show? 
No worse than Ye Olde Star Wars Kid 
NEW EPISODE! In this week’s episode, Patrick talks about his recent solo trip to Walt Disney World to attend the… 
I find it interesting that EA in all their wisdom picked Respawn… 
Battle for space more stealth than Star Wars  Springs (AFP) April 10, 2019At tens of thou… 
The Mandalorian: See First Photos From Disney's Live-Action Star Wars Series via 
Man what a weekend. Bruins and Celtics won, Tiger won the masters, new Star Wars trailer, and GoT is back!! My head… 
Did not know that. 
I remember you from way back. Before Star Wars...watched u in Bryan's Song a million times. Yiy were awesome as Gale Sayers 
STAR WARS 9 (2019) OFFICIAL TRAILER - THE RISE OF 
Star Wars The Fallen Order Game TrailerCredit: EA Star Wars 
I think the collective Internet gasped when they first saw Star Wars in the title. 
Star Wars &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; GoT 
Darth Maul to Return in Star Wars: Clone Wars Finale – IGN News 
Am I the only one who has never watched Star Wars? 
Does that mean is coming back??? Might as well talk star wars on sports… 
I’m spitballing. The bombs were magnetic. They didn’t fall in space by gravity. Everyone assu… 
Hey, Guys I just upload a new video today. You can check it out if you want or not. (73) Star Wars Commander Squad-… 
No vi: Pulp Fiction, Star Wars (ninguna), Star Trek (ninguna), Resident Evil (ninguna) 
Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order revealed by EA and Respawn: 
Resident evil 2 did just fine. Don't need to show up to a company or brand I no longer care about. From… 
Mueller: "I have completed my 2 year thesis on Star Wars episode IX. It has been hermetically sealed to guard its i… 
Here's the trailer from Star Wars 9. Enjoy! 
$10.97 - Best PriceStar Wars: X-Wing - Hound's Tooth  
Missed Star Wars Celebration 2019? Most of it is on YouTube 
It sounds like Star Wars The Force Unleashed to me. 
Reaction Video to Star Wars: Rise of The Skywalker Teaser Trailer  
#News 'Star Wars': First photos from 'Episode IX' #BreakingNews #usatoday 
Final ‘Star Wars’ movie unveiled with new trailer 
New Trailer Released for THE CLONE WARS’ Final Season 
10 Crazy Fan Theories About Star Wars Episode IX's Title: The Rise Of Skywalker 
10 Crazy Fan Theories About Star Wars Episode IX's Title: The Rise Of Skywalker Few films… 
I really want him to be redeemed, I think Star Wars is about hope and redemption at the end of the… 
The gang is back together in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker’s debut trailer: 
#Rage_Quitter36 is now streaming #Star Wars: The Old Republic 
Netflix will no longer carry marvel, star wars, 21st century f… 
Hanging out to give the next star wars game a whirl like... 
I am pleased to announce the WinnersMario: Super Mario GalaxyZelda: Wind Waker Sonic: Sonic th… 
Not 'only for white dudes' any more. 'Star Wars' is finally starting to look like its diverse fanbase 
Veja o teaser trailer de Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker 
Star Wars Theory Explains The Biggest Mandalorian Plot Hole 
Star Wars Theory Explains The Biggest Mandalorian Plot Hole The Star Wars brand is final… 
